English
His lightnings flashed out of his hand. There his strength alighted.
They told Jacob, saying, Behold, Joseph your son is come to you, and Israel is come up, that he may not sit on the bed.
For I have given you riches and wisdom, that your enemies may not strive against you.
When your brother's son, or your son's son, or your daughter, or your sister's daughter, or your sister's son, or your brother's son, be as a friend of your soul, and a stranger, saying, Go, serve other gods, or gods,
Shall we even look at your sickness, or at your prison?'
He knew that it was Peter's voice, and he was glad, and couldn't remember the door, and ran to tell his father, Peter standing at the door.
Joshua said, So shall you know that Yahweh lives among you, and he will drive out the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Hivites, and the Perizzites, and the Girgashites, and the Amorites, and the Jebusites, before you;
On the next day, the soldiers returned to the barracks, and brought the horsemen to Paul.
Seven days shall no eye see you round about, neither shall any of the first day's flesh be left until the morning.
Jesus therefore said to him, This day salvation comes to this house, for he also is Abraham's son-in-law.
All the kings of the earth sought to see the face of Solomon, to hear his wisdom, which God had put in his heart.
A little while, the world will no longer see me, but you will see me, for I live, and you will live.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five male lambs a year old. This was the offering of Elab the son of Zelon.
Peter and John laid hands on them, and they were filled with the Holy Spirit.
He took the seven angels, and prepared to blow them away.
Moses said to Aaron, Take the censer, and put fire in the midst of it on the altar, and put incense on it; and bring it quickly to the congregation, and make atonement for them; for the plague is great, and the plague is severe.
Then said the king, Return to her house, and don't see my face: and Absalom returned to his house, and didn't see the king's face.
When the man heard these things, his face was changed in him, and he went away from him sad, for he had great possessions.
you shall not enter into the land which I have sworn to you to dwell in; but into the land shall Caleb the son of Jephunneh and Joshua the son of Nun go.
It happened, when we cried to Yahweh, that he heard our voice, and sent messengers, and brought us forth out of Egypt, and we are in the city of Kadesh, which is by you;
But the land of torment didn't remain in darkness. The land of Zebulun and Naphtali was despised, and the Jordan was subdued before them; and I received the glory of the nations of Galilee.
For his eyes watch everyone's way, And see his steps.
It happened after this, that he took it, and raised it up before Abraham's breast, and that he died, and was buried.
When they heard this, they were glad, and agreed to give him money. Then they sought how they might betray him.
Blessed shall you be in the city, and blessed shall you be in the field.
But Vashti the queen refused to come, neither obeyed the king's commandment that the eunuch should preach: therefore the king was very angry, and his heart was burning.
that I may return into the peace of my father's house; and Yahweh shall be my God forever,
All the males who are among the priests shall eat these things. It is most holy.
Therefore love is perfect among you, that you may not be afraid in the day of judgment, for you have life with him in this world.
For we have been made servants of the new covenant, not of letters, but of the Holy Spirit, with letters of death,
turning away the word of God, that you might keep your tradition.
David listened to the voice of Yahweh; and they struck all the army of the Philistines from Gibeon even to Gezer.
You were born Jews, not Gentiles.
But when the husband hears that, he shall put her away, and she shall bear the iniquity of the woman.
You were chosen, and were sanctified in the Spirit according to the will of the Father God, to walk in Jesus Christ, and to be called by his blood. Grace be with you all. Amen.
Make your father and your mother glad. Make your mother glad.
Behold, this is the joy of her ways: and afterward there shall come forth another out of the earth.
His eyes shall not fail from the righteous; That they may sit with the king forever; And they shall be exalted.
David lived in the strongholds of the wilderness, in the hill country of the wilderness of Ziph: and Saul sought after him day by day; but God didn't deliver him into his hand.
There were windows to meet one another in three waters, and in three they were all alike.
You shall choose three out of every tribe. I will send them, and they will travel throughout the land, and will return to me according to the number of them.
The earth will tremble and be shaken as a drunken man, And will be moved like a bed: And the waters will overflow on them, So that they will not rise up any more.
Having mercy on us, and committed this kindness to us, we will be no more fruitless.
and they shall bring back all your brothers from the peoples, and put on horses, and on chariots, and on donkeys, and on mules, and on camels, to my holy mountain, which is in Jerusalem; and they shall offer you a sacrifice, as Yahweh, the God of Israel, does.
The servants of God rose up early in the morning, and saw the army, and the horses, and the chariots, lying in wait. They said to him, Alas, my lord, what shall we do?
Jesus said to him, Blessed are those who see me, and believe, but don't see the sword.
Therefore the burden is like a whirlwind to you. They delivered the riddle to the twelve, saying, Read it in my ears. He said, I can't read it; for the wind is gone.
Speak to the children of Israel, saying, You shall surely keep my Sabbaths; for this is the sign between me and you, throughout your generations, that you may know that I am Yahweh, and that I will do it.
Then king David sent, and took him out of the house of Machir the son of Ammiel, of Lo Debar.
If he doesn't shorten the days, there is no man who can be saved; but he who has shortened the days for his chosen ones.
Of the sons of Hosah the son of Merari, Shimri was the chief, and he was not the firstborn: but they made him the firstborn.
For the Kingdom of God doesn't come by word, but by power.
Now Abippia is my sister, and Abippi our man of war, and the assembly that is in our house.
and have cast their gods into the fire, because they were no gods, but the work of men's hands, of wood, and of stone; therefore they have destroyed them.
He created all the families of one man, and made them to dwell in all the land. He gave them a large portion of years, and the border of their habitations.
Because they have forsaken me, and burned incense other gods, and provoked me to anger with their works of their hands: therefore have I ceased from this place, as from the fire.
Then Mordecai told him the sum of the money that was found in the king's treasuries, and of all that Haman had said to destroy the Jews.
The princes of the land, the deputies, the governors, the counselors, and the judges, were gathered together to make a decree concerning the king's house, to make a writing, and a writing, and a writing, and a writing, for the king's house, which he had made: and when he came near to the city, he asked for a memorial.
Yahweh God said, See now, this man has contended with us to make a distinction, lest, behold, he stretch out his hand to the tree of life, and eat of it forever and ever.
You shall take double money, and you shall deposit your money in its place, and pay it back to him. It is a loss.
Yet one word shall be to you, my son, that you shall keep it, and that you shall not be strong, neither shall you keep it, and that you shall read it, and be weary.
But we inform the king, that if this city is built again, and the wall is built, then there shall not be your part where my land is.
But Abishai the son of Zeruiah was with David, and had slain the Philistine. At the end of the days the men of David swore to him, saying, Don't go out with me any more, neither let your fear be on the children of Israel.
Yahweh said, Moab has been quiet from the morning, as a thousand years old, and doesn't pour out this vessel to other vessels, neither do they go in to captivity: therefore he has made me desolate, and I have not gone out of the midst of him.
When the multitude therefore saw him, they were exceedingly astonished, and immediately they came to him and greeted him.
All the people wept for the dead, and the child mourned. He said, Don't weep, for he is not dead, but asleep.
We are fatherless fathers. Our mothers are widows.
Yahweh spoke to Moses and to Aaron, saying,
Caleb the son of Ebed said, Who is Abimelech, and who is he, Shechem, that you should serve him? Isn't he the son of Jerubbaal? Isn't his captain the son of Zebulun, that you should serve him? Is he your father, Hamor?
For Herod knew that John's masters were righteous and holy, and he was afraid of them, and would watch over them. He was troubled at the words of Herod, and didn't listen to them.
But they said on their feet, Behold, he began to teach from Galilee, and has come here. He has stirred up the people throughout all Judea.
When evening came, he went out into the city with his disciples.
Then said he to the king, I have heard your words and your wisdom in the land.
He called him out of the tombs. He was witness with all the people who were with him as he rose from the dead.
It was so, that when he had come up in the army, he cast down a troop and certain stars to the earth, and trod down them.
The apostles testified with great power about the resurrection of the Lord Jesus, and they obtained great favor.
You shall do as they shall teach you, and shall do according to their sentence which they shall speak to you: they shall be to you a sentence; you shall not turn aside to the right hand or to the left.
Then you shall understand the judgment of righteousness, and do that which is right and good in your eyes.
The nations are angry, and you are angry. The hour of judgment has come for the dead, and your servants the prophets, the saints, and the prophets who spoke the word, not to mention you, are destroyed in the day of judgment.
and Ramoth with its suburbs, and Anaim with its suburbs;
When he had come into the house, the blind man came near to him. Jesus said to them, Do you believe that I can do this thing? They said to him, Yes, Lord.
But when Sanballat heard this, we built us a wall of wrath, and great indignation, and ridiculed the Jews.
Samson said to the Philistines, If you will do this thing, I will take vengeance for you, and it will be so.
Some of the tax collectors also came to be baptized. They asked him, Rabbi, what shall we do?
Many will be gathered together in Jerusalem in the second month, for a great assembly, to keep the feast of unleavened bread.
No one who creeps on the earth shall eat of it.
If he goes and sanctifies it from the Year of Jubilee, then he shall appoint it according to your valuation.
Aaron and his sons shall offer the offering of Yahweh, an ephah of fine flour for a continual meal offering, half a time, on the day that he is anointed.
The high priest stood up and said to him, What do these want to do for you?
Now when all the people heard these things, they marveled, and said to Peter and to the apostles, What shall we do, my brothers?
Woe to the wicked! He will come in trouble, For he will be repaid for his deeds.
There are some who commit abomination, both a man and his neighbor's wife; and some who commit sexual immorality, and defile him: and some shall profane his sister in the midst of you, even his father's daughter.
the acacia wood, the oil for the light, the spices for the acacia, to anoint, and to make incense;
It happened the same day, that Moses commanded the people, saying,
Consider this, and behave yourselves like men; and remember it in the heart of the rebellious.
For from the day that they went forth to the evening sacrifice, they prophesied; but they didn't prophesy, nor answer, nor seek after their own.
The people murmured against Moses, and said, What shall we drink?
The woman said to him, Sir, there is no man. Jesus said, I will not also draw for you, but go your way. Don't sin any more.
After this I will pour out my Spirit on all flesh. Your children will be prophets. Your elders will see visions, and your young men will see visions.
It was so, that as often as the king entered into the house of Yahweh, the guard went and bore them, and returned to the guard chamber.
But if God has made us to enter into his rest, let's take heed to it, lest anyone among us should think that he can't find out the answer.
I will command my mountains, says the Lord Yahweh, that they bring forth a sword against Gog, and they shall kill everyone his brother with the sword.
All the trees of the field shall know that I, Yahweh, have brought down the high tree, and the low tree, and the green tree has withered, and the dry tree is not holy: I, Yahweh, have spoken it, and I have done it.
You have gathered all your wrath. You have turned away your fierce anger.
When the cook saw that the dream was good, he said to Joseph, I also saw in my dream, and on my head was bread of three baskets of bread;
Therefore God raised him up to the highest place, to give him a name that could not be denied.
The daughter of Zion, her beauty is utterly cut off. Her nobles are like a gazelle that has no pasture. They are without power. They are cast out in the shadow of their enemies.
Grace to you, and peace from God, and from our Lord Jesus Christ,
Yahweh showed me four kinds of crafts.
He told a parable to them. A man planted a vineyard, and built a wall around it, and a winepress, and built another, and preserved it.
Discretion is made fat. He who is holy is brought low.
Jesus answered, Faithless men of this generation, how can I be with you any more? How can I bear with you all? Bring me this widow's son who has you.
But your little ones, whom you have chosen to be carried away, I will bring them in, and they shall know that you have forsaken the land.
Listen to this, for the Son of Man is about to be delivered into the hands of men.
The whole world trembled, and the multitude of the kings that were scattered abroad throughout the land.
Yahweh said to Abram, You shall surely know that your seed shall live as aliens in another man's land, and shall serve the land; and the people of the land shall number them four years.
He who is joined to Christ has no sin in himself. He who commits sin has not seen him, neither has he known him.
Therefore don't be troubled for tomorrow's sake. Therefore be troubled for tomorrow's sake. A day of torment will be for one day.
When I returned, behold, there were many trees on the two sides of the river.
Neither did Asher drive out the inhabitants of Sidon, and of Aphelia, and of Akzib, and of Heba, and of Aphek, and of Rehob.
He shall take to himself two birds, and cedar, and scarlet, and hyssop, for the cleansing of the house.
The seers shall take them by the hand; but they shall dwell in the king's house.
Who loves to be high in the synagogue, And great in the feast.
David inquired of Yahweh; and Yahweh said, Arise, go down to Keilah; for I will deliver the Philistines into your hand.
Then the secret of the heart will be revealed, And will fall down and worship God, saying, God is truly in the midst of us.
and the kingdom, and its suburbs, and Rehob, and its suburbs;
He eats ashes, and his heart is divided, so that he turns away, and he can't save himself: he can't say, Isn't my right hand a liar?'
When he had said this, he laid his hands and his feet on them.
He shall leave the dove seven days, and shall go out; and the dove shall come no more.
On the eighth day the king sent the people away; and they blessed the king; for Yahweh had rejoiced over David his servant, and over all the goodness of his people Israel, and had taken pleasure in them, and brought them joy, and made them to their tents.
Again, listen to this parable. A vineyard was dug in the midst of it. A wall was laid around it, and a winepress and a winepress went out from it. He went out to another portion of the vineyard.
I beg you therefore to eat, for this is your salvation; for you will not be cut off from one man.
But, God, love your own wives as your own body. Love your own wives, that you love yourself.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: All your doings, and your prostitution, and the deceit of your heart, have I brought on you.
Blessed is he who is filled with the fruit of his mouth. He is rewarded according to the work of his hands.
Righteousness preserves the upright; But wickedness destroys those who commit iniquity.
You shall say, By reason of the terror of the heart, By reason of the sight of the eyes, in the morning, It can't be this night; and in the night, It can't be this day.'
The Jews therefore said to him, Tell you, Take up your mat, and walk.'
You also, when I was in Thessalonica, sent to me many times.
For whoever receives one who is called by the name of the prophet will be able to give him a reward for the prophet.
I also will walk contrary to you, and will strike you seven times for your sins.
Of Israel, his name shall be called The house of the accursed.'
Before your father is redeemed, they shall both be punished, if they have played the prostitute with him; but they shall not put him to death, because they have not played the prostitute.
In that day you will say, Give thanks to Yahweh, call on his name, and proclaim in the midst of the nations, that his name has been exalted!
Now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam, and all that he did, and his might, how he fought, and how he returned to Damascus and to Hamath, the former governor of Judah, and to Israel, and gave them to the king of Israel?
He has tried to commit iniquity on his bed, And he is determined to do wickedly. He doesn't abhor evil.
It will happen in that day, when David is gone up from his tent, that I will again set him up, and I will repair his breaches; and I will build him a house, as in the days of old.
Therefore you shall see no more falsely, neither shall you divine again: I will save my people out of your hand. You shall know that I am Yahweh.
Absalom lifted up a pillar for himself in the king's valley while he yet lived, for he said, I have no son to leave my name. He called the pillar after his own name, and it is still the pillar of Absalom to this day.
The words of him who speaks are as dainty morsels, That go into the belly of a man.
The people made Jehoahaz the son of Josiah king, and reigned in the room of his father at Jerusalem.
then will I take their root out of the land which I have given them; and this house, which I have made holy for my name, will I cast out of my sight; and it shall be a proverb and a byword among all peoples.
concerning the power and the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, not according to deceit, but according to our own eyes, when we see his greatness;
He said to him, You are my son, and are always with me. All my goods are yours.
But God makes fools of the earth to be shamed; and he makes weak fools of the earth to be shamed;
But he who was born to his handmaid was born to him according to the flesh. He who was born to a free woman was born to God.
The crown of his pride will be trodden under his feet through the waters of Ephraim.
It fell on a day, that Jonathan the son of Saul said to the young man his armor bearer, Come, and let us go to the other side to the camp of the Philistines: but he didn't tell his father.
But from the beginning, when God made the heavens and the earth,
and tell him, Thus says Hezekiah, This day is a day of trouble and of rebuke, a day of birth, and there is no strength to bring forth.
Moses wrote this song in that day, and taught it to the children of Israel.
He went before them, and saw two brothers, James the son of Zebedee, and John, his brother, who were with him in the boat. He followed them.
How the mighty are fallen in battle! Jonathan is slain on your high places.
For the Nazirite, when he had shaved his holy head at the door of the Tent of Meeting, put his holy hair on the underside of the sacrifice of peace offerings.
You shall come out before their eyes in the evening, and shall spread forth your face toward the land which you shall not see; for I will be the head of the house of Israel.
I love Yahweh, for he has listened to my voice, And heard my petitions.
For Saul, and for Jonathan his son, and for the people of Yahweh, and for the house of Israel, mourned and wept, and fasted until even in the night, because they were fallen by the sword.
He hands them over to the hands of the Gentiles, And hates those who hate them;
Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and all that he did, and his sins that he sinned, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Ada became the father of Jabal, and he became the father of ten thousands of livestock.
The breadth of the chambers, which were round about, was twenty cubits.
Then Jesus said to the people, Have you come out, as against a robber, with swords and clubs to seize me? I am a teacher in the temple daily. You don't come near to me.
Hiram said, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, who has made heaven and earth, who has given to king David a wise son, who has understanding and understanding, that he may build him a house for Yahweh, and his palace.
Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Then the word of Yahweh came to Samuel, saying,
Do all things by measure. Let it be done in its full measure.
Then the lords of the Philistines came to the woman, and said to her, Entice Samson, and see where his strength is, that we may set him on his way, and let him go up, and give us every man a pledge of silver.
Immediately he went his way as an ox to the slaughter, As a fool in his chains to be punished.
My soul shall glory in Yahweh. The humble shall hear, and shall be glad.
Then the Philistines said, What trespass offering shall we give to him? He said, Five measures of gold shall you take, and five measures of gold shall you take, according to the number of the lords of the Philistines; for the lions and the lions are among those who go down.
On that day the king consecrated the place which was before the house of Yahweh, to offer thereon the burnt offering, and the meal offering, and the fat of the peace offerings; because the altar of Yahweh was before the altar of burnt offering, and the meal offering, and the fat of the peace offerings, which he offered thereon.
A fool lies where he doesn't meet, And a fool lies where he doesn't meet.
He built cities in the hill country of Judah; and he built castles and towers in the woods.
He shall come forth with an east wind in the midst of his brothers, when he shall bring forth much fruit: the wind of Yahweh shall go forth from the wilderness; and the waters of it shall dry up; and the waves of it shall shake, and the waves of it shall be in an uproar.
As it is written, There is no righteous man, Neither is there any sword.
Though he hide his hatred with deceit, His wickedness shall be uncovered before the congregation.
They went to spy out the land, from the wilderness of Zin to Rehob, to the entrance of Hamath.
Then shall you see our faces, and the faces of the young men who eat of the king's dainties; and you shall do to your servants as you have seen.
Gracious is Yahweh, and merciful; Slow to anger, and great to loving kindness.
When Joseph got up, he went away, and took Mary, and married, as the Lord commanded him.
All that comes forth from the vine tree in the day that they make them holy, from the womb even to the skin, they shall not eat.
You shall make two rings of gold for it, and put them under its molding on its two ribs, on its two sides, on the sides of the altar: and the rings shall be for places for the poles, with which to carry it.
Praise him, all you angels of his. Praise him, all you armies of his.
Didn't anyone tell my lord what I did in the days of Jezebel, when she killed all the prophets of Yahweh? Even one hundred prophets did I put them down on the earth, and fifty satraps with them, and they made a mess of them.
Then Jesus, filled with the Holy Spirit and filled with joy, said, Father, I praise you, Lord of heaven and earth, because you have hidden these things from the eyes of the wise, and have revealed them to the children of men, because they are a joy to the Father.
and all the treasures of the Spirit, the courts of the house of Yahweh, and the chambers of it round about, with all the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and of the holy things;
You shall eat it in the place which Yahweh your God shall choose, and bake it; and in the morning turn you, and go to your tents.
That which they see is falsehood, and that which they lie. They say that which Yahweh says, and Yahweh doesn't send them for prophets, but they hope for the word.
But I planted you, a strong vine, and a very strong seed: and why have you become a wicked son to me?
Therefore don't judge, before the time comes, When the Lord comes, he will reveal his secrets in darkness, And will reveal every man his praise, When he comes.
The waved breast and the waved breast they shall take with them of the fat of the offering of the fire, and wave it for a wave offering before Yahweh; for a portion you shall give to yourself and to your sons, as Yahweh commanded you.
One said, For famine we have taken away our fields, our vineyards, and our houses, and given them to men for grain.
Everything devoted shall be the priest's; and whatever things a man gives to a priest shall be his.
This also is the iniquity of the judges, Because I am a God who is rebellious above.
In the seventh month, in the tenth day of the month, you shall have a holy convocation: you shall afflict your own heart; you shall do no work.
Lazarus, who was one of those who ate was sick, full of boils, and a boil, at the rich man's door.
Jesus answered her, mother, what have I to do with you? My time is not yet fulfilled.
For Israel also will dwell a day in which there will be no king, nor prince, nor sacrifice, nor pillar, nor ephod, nor house, neither will they be idolaters.
The door of the side chambers, which was between the right side of the house and the left, was open from the top to the bottom, from the middle and to the third.
But if anyone knows where the chief priests and the Pharisees are, come and tell them, Let them go and seize him.
But this I have become a reproach to all my soul through fasting and tears.
and he said to them, Don't bring in the captives here, for you have brought us in to sin against Yahweh, and have added to our transgressions and to our transgressions, because our transgressions are great, and because of the fierce anger of our God toward Israel.
If you say in your heart, How shall I drive these nations over me?
They listened to the words of Herod, and departed: and when they saw the star in the east, they took them face to face, and came to the place of the child, and lived therein.
Praise Yah! Sing a new song to Yahweh! Praise him among the saints!
He said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, come you to me; but if the children of Ammon be too strong for you, then I will come and help you.
Though they come up, and pursue you, and seek your life; yet shall my lord's life be there with Yahweh your God, and it shall be bound up in the fold of the living creature; and your enemies' life shall be brought forth, and it shall be brought forth as a tree out of the midst of the earth.
But if I am puffed up, I am not puffed up; for I speak the truth: but I myself, be careful not that anyone puts his hand to my side, will see and hear.
If it is so, who trample on the Son of God, And condemn him for the blood of the Lord, And for the Holy Spirit, What glory is there in their sight?
twelve bulls, twelve rams, twelve male lambs, twelve male lambs a year old,
I know your works. Behold, I have opened a door to you which no one can shut. I don't know what you will call me, but what you will call it.
Thus did Moses: as Yahweh commanded him to do.
They presented the seven bulls, and the seven rams, and the seven lambs, and the seven male goats, to make atonement for the nations, and for the sanctuary, and for Judah, and to make atonement for them. The king of Aaron's princes honored them, and made them altars to Yahweh.
You shall set it there, and read on it all the words of this law, and all these statutes, that you may fear Yahweh its God.
Jesus said to him, Leave the dead who are in the flesh, and bury the dead who are in the flesh; but preach the Kingdom of God.
They sent to him who was dressed, and told him, saying, Aren't we able to find these, that you may see the nakedness of your son?
They insult a man, And speak roughly with an evil tongue.
Let them be disappointed and confounded who seek after my soul. Let them be turned back and confounded who plot evil against me.
Now, behold, my testimony is in heaven. My confessors are on high.
I think that I ought to remind you all the time that I live.
For if the body has no spirit, so faith has no works.
Then Saul arose, and took the three thousand chosen men out of all Israel, and went down to the wilderness of Ziph, to seek David in the wilderness of Ziph.
When she saw that she was determined to go with him, she told him no more what she had said.
This might have been sold for a great price, and might have saved the poor.
Now, my God, I beg you, that your eyes may look, and your ears may hear, and pray in this place.
Zedekiah was twenty-one years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Hamutal the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.
For your arrows are flashed. The brightness of your spear is bright, and the sun and the moon are hovering over it.
You have the lot of those who are in custody. You have the lot of those who are taken away, for you know that it will be better for you to have the lot of those who are in custody.
Moses the servant of Yahweh sent me from Kadesh Barnea to spy out the land: and I was forty years old when the blessing was poured out on him from my heart.
Our sons grew up like a tree in their youth, And our daughters are like pillars in the corner, Built according to the fashion of the king's house.
Samson said to her, If a man binds me with a new cord, and doesn't pass through, then I shall be as weak as another man.
Jesus therefore touched their eyes, and said to them, According to your faith, so you were believed.
Then he divided him into three companies, and laid wait in the field, and saw the men of Shechem come out of the city, and rose up against them, and killed them.
So they went, and took the stone, and cast it, and stayed there with the soldiers.
It happened, when they saw Philip at Assos, that they prophesied in every city until Caesarea.
For the far part of the tent westward he shall make six boards.
For the grace which was given to you not only to believe in Christ, but also to suffer for Christ,
When you walk in the flesh, it stirs up the memory of your sins. It works in you all, even as you walk in the flesh.
This is the portion of the wicked in Yahweh, and the inheritance of the terrible in the Almighty.
Speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, When you come into the land which I give to you, then the earth shall be quiet to Yahweh.
But when the demons had driven him out, the mute began to speak. They were all amazed, saying, We have not seen this in Israel.
But if I don't accept my words, there is a judge who will judge; and the judgment will be for the last day.
Then will I make the words of the peoples clean, that they may call on the name of Yahweh, to serve him with all their heart.
Notwithstanding every offering made by any man to Yahweh forever, there shall be no place for a man, nor for an animal, nor for a land of his possession, any offering made by any man to Yahweh: it shall be a statute forever throughout his generations.
Therefore tell the house of Israel, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: I, house of Israel, have not done this for your sake, but for my holy name's sake, that you should sit among the nations.
The rain came down, the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat on that house, and it couldn't stand, for a firm foundation was laid on the rock.
He put a piece of bread in an unleavened basket before Yahweh, a piece of bread, a piece of oil, a piece of bread,
Moses went with Eleazar the priest, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Therefore will I save my flock from the prey; and I will judge between the sheep and the sheep.
You shall kill the lamb in the holy place, in the place where the sin offering and the burnt offering are killed; and the trespass offering shall be for the priest, as the sin offering, which is for the holy place.
Now before Yahweh's lamp was put out, behold, Samuel was asleep in the house of Yahweh, in the ark of the covenant of Yahweh.
The world will not hate you. They hate me, for my wickedness is always revealed.
Abram brought the tent to Mamre, to Hebron; and she made an altar to Yahweh.
Joshua took Makkedah that day, and struck him with the sword, and the king of it: and the men of it utterly destroyed him; he left none remaining: as he had done to the king of Jericho, so he did to the king of Makkedah.
Elkanah her husband said to her, Why do you weep, Hannah? Why didn't you eat bread? Why was your heart troubled? Didn't I be better to you than ten sons?
But if you must go, be valiant and valiant. Yahweh will set you up before your enemies; for Yahweh will be a helper, and he will lead away chariots.
Let my lips speak praise, For you have taught me your statutes.
Their horses are longer than the furrows, and their wolves are broader than the furrows: the horsemen are broader, and the horsemen come from afar; and they fly as eagles to eat food.
Therefore Yahweh was very angry in this land, and wrote all the curse that was written in this book on him.
and tell them, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Behold, I will call my servant Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon; and I will set the stone on its base, which is on the top of the rock.
All nations are as nothing before him, That he may see it, and be nothing at all.
Moses, Aaron, and all the princes of the congregation took the sons of Kohath after their families.
It happened on one of the Sabbaths, that he was teaching in a synagogue.
Yahweh has given great salvation to his king. loving kindness to the anointed, to David and to his seed, forevermore.
They sought opportunity to persuade the righteous, that they might trap him, and that he might be delivered up to the governor.
The children of Israel took the bones of Joseph, whom they buried in Shechem, which Jacob bought with a hundred pieces of silver from Hamor the son of Shechem, the father of Hechem.
For you are a holy people to Yahweh your God, and Yahweh your God has chosen you from the peoples of the earth, to be his own people;
But God alone is able to prevail. He brings the light down to the height, and the spirit ascends.
Abraham buried Sarah his wife with him in the cave that is in the field of Machpelah, which is before Mamre, in the land of Canaan.
Don't be angry with yourself, so that you mock; And don't turn aside from the price of redemption.
All the people ate, and were filled. They gathered up seven baskets full of the broken pieces that were left over.
Therefore all your statutes and your testimonies are upright. I hate every false way.
Brace yourself like a man, For I will question you. Answer me!
My soul refuses to live; I speak out of my mouth. The anguish of my heart I speak.
But if that day comes, you shall pray in my name. I don't tell you, I will make supplication for you to the Father.
then the assembly shall judge him according to those ordinances, in the place of the struck and in the midst of the avenger.
For if, in the Lord, you have established faith, you have lived assuredly.
The breastplate shall have a look, and the sides of it shall be straight, and the breadth a cubit and a cubit.
But where can we find wisdom? Where is the place of understanding?
This is because of the Chaldeans, for Ishmael the son of Nethaniah has slain Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, whom the king of Babylon made governor over the land; and they are afraid.
Though I am righteous, My own mouth will condemn me. Though I am blameless, I will show my form.
For everyone of you hurrys to eat of his own bread. Some are hungry, and some are drunken.
He brought me back to the gate of the sanctuary which looks toward the east; and the gate was shut.
Don't rejoice over the whole land of the Philistines, because their rod is broken. For out of their serpents there will be fiery serpents; and their offspring will be fiery serpents.
He looked at him, so that he was ashamed. The man of God opened his eyes.
But their eyes were opened. Jesus solemnly commanded them, saying, Let no one know this thing.
Now I beg you, brothers, through the love of our Lord Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit, that you do valiantly,
you shall not be afraid of them; for Yahweh your God is a great and terrible God among you.
He is Yahweh our God. His judgments are in all the earth.
They uncovered his nakedness, and struck him with the edge of the sword, and took his sons and his daughters, and put them in the midst of the women, because they had executed judgments on him.
How long shall my soul be sorrowful all the day? How long shall my adversary be above me?
The priest shall burn them on the altar of burnt offering.
Touching Jeremiah in the house of the king of Judah,
You shall make a basin of brass, and its base shall be of brass, with which to wash; and you shall set it between the tent of meeting and the altar in water.
I came near to the spring gate, and to the king's pool; but there was no word there concerning the animals that were to be rode on.
David said, As Yahweh lives, surely Yahweh will strike him, until the time of his death, or when he comes down to die in the battle.
Now the rest of the acts of Rehoboam, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
For this will I cause the sons of David to sleep, but not forever.
Let your speech not be with shame, with sexual immorality, or with crowns, but with thanksgiving.
Until they hear, they answer him: His folly and his dishonor.
Either in the garment, or in the skin, it is unclean; they shall be washed with water, and be unclean until the evening.
The fool is wise with discretion, But he who is diligent in speech is wise.
His lord said to them, This is what the enemy does.' The workmen said, Why do you want us to hide these darnel?'
All the cities of the priests who were the sons of Aaron were thirteen cities with their suburbs.
He has made the earth by his power, he has established the world by his wisdom, and by his understanding has he stretched out the heavens:
Don't be afraid of the king of Babylon your terror. Don't be afraid of him; for I am with you, says Yahweh, to deliver you out of his hand.
You shall do no manner of work. It shall be a statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings.
The prophets are of the world, speaking the world, and they are hearing their words.
He will cut off all the horns of the wicked. The horns of the righteous shall be lifted up.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: For Zion, I am very zealous. For her, I send out my wrath.
I will give you hidden treasures and hidden treasures, that you may know that I, the God of Israel, have called your name.
This is the testimony, that God has given you eternal life, which is from his Son,
The word was born in Israel to a man who works, and he is not God. The calf of Samaria will be broken in pieces.
There are many things that have been added to it, What profit does it have to man?
Blessed be Yahweh your God, who has commanded you to sit on his throne, to sit on the throne of Yahweh your God; for Yahweh loves Israel, to establish him, and to make him king over you:
Why do you cry out in your wound? Your pain is incurable; for your iniquities are great, and your sins are great; therefore have I dealt with you in these ways.
They sang one to another, and said, Saul has slain his thousands, David his ten thousands?' That is to say, isn't this David?
He looks to the earth, and it trembles. He touches the mountains, and they smoke.
Now in the seventh month, Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, king's brother, who was also the king's lord, came ten men to Mizpah to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam; and they ate at Mizpah.
Lift up your eyes, and see all four kinds of earth, and they will all come to you. Your sons will come from afar. Your daughters will be brought in.
He who has leprosy, his clothing shall be torn; and his hair shall be scattered, and he shall cover the top of his mouth with a loud voice, saying, It is unclean, it is not clean.
Moses and Aaron did so, and all the congregation of the children of Israel; and as many as Yahweh commanded Moses concerning the Levites, so the children of Israel did.
His refuge is cut off. His refuge is in hope.
When God had destroyed the Canaanite nation, he gave it for an inheritance to them, about four hundred fifty years.
Your eyes have seen you this day, and you have this day been delivered into my hand by Yahweh into the midst of the cave: and they have called me to you to be slain; nevertheless I have loved you, and said, I will not put my hand into my hand, because Yahweh has anointed me.
He also gave them authority over certain things.
We make our ordinances to ourselves, to give each man the third part of a shekel, for the service of the house of our God:
He went down to his feet, and fell on his flesh, and fell on it, and said to it, Don't be grieved, for it is still alive.
I asked him, What are these two branches of olive oil that go forth out of two golden bowls?
He fills the thick clouds with purple, And causes the lightning to shine out of the clouds.
Then the Gentiles and the Jews and their rulers conspired against the apostles to stone them.
but if they will not carry them away armed, but will possess you in the land of Canaan.
Therefore thus says Yahweh: As for the prophets who prophesy in my name, I have not sent them; yet they have spoken of the land to the sword, and to the famine, and to the famine, and to the destruction of the sword.
One who was pure in heart desired favor; and the king was one of his friends.
He has made many nations to overthrow the glorious land; but Edom, Moab, and the noble of the children of Ammon shall escape out of his hand.
But as for me, the secret has been revealed to me, not because of the fact that I was wise above all who live, but because I tried to make known to the king the interpretation of it, and the interpretation of it, and the interpretation of it in your heart.
I went and bought a belt, and girded it, according to the word of Yahweh.
Moreover in the days of Josiah the king did Yahweh tell me, Have you seen what the backsliding Israel has done? he has gone up onto all the high mountains, to play the prostitute under every green tree.
For God knows that the days in which you eat, your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, who discerns between good and bad.
For God first chose them, and also appointed them to be like his Son, that he might raise up his Son as a first among the brothers.
and thus says the king, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, who has given me this word this day, and I have seen it with my eyes.
Moreover you also will send messengers to those who are far off: and when they come to them, behold, they come; and you will wash for them, and bury them with your eyes, and rebuke them,
You shall tell them, As I live, says Yahweh, so will I do to you, words that you have heard.
But I am going back to him who sent me. None of you is asking me, Where are you going?'
All the people answered their fathers, saying, All that Yahweh has spoken will we do. Moses blessed the people.
Then the king of Israel called for all the elders of the land, and said to them, Behold, this man has a conspiracy against me; and he has sent to me to take my wife, and my sons, and my daughters, and my sons' wives with him: I have not called him.
The stars of the morning as one sing together. The children of God shout for joy.
Therefore their inhabitants were of small power, they were dismayed, being as the grass of the field, and as the green herb, as the grass on the housetops, and as grain blasted before it is grown up.
Strength and majesty are his. He walks on high.
He set the battle in array with ten thousand chosen men; and Jeroboam set the battle in array with eighty thousand chosen men.
You shall not eat the flesh of those abominations that come up to you, but the dead also shall be accursed.
So David gave Ornan the gold of six hundred shekels of gold for the field.
Remember what your servant promised, For you gave me hope.
Jesus therefore said to God, I will proclaim your name to my brothers, and will praise your name before the congregation.
The priest shall burn them on the altar, for an offering made by fire to Yahweh: it is more than a trespass offering.
Son of man, prophesy to the mountains of Israel, and say, Hear the word of Yahweh, you mountains of Israel:
I planted it, I planted it against you, I brought you forth from the field, your vineyards, and your fig trees, and all your olive trees are eaten in the field; but you haven't returned to me.
Then those who feared Yahweh said one to another, Yahweh listens, and has a book of memories written before Yahweh, that he may fear and remember his name.
Come now therefore to me, and help me, and go up, and strike Gibeon; for he makes a peace with Joshua, and with Israel.
He put garrisons in Edom; and all the Edomites became servants to David. Yahweh gave him victory wherever David went.
and the fattened calf shall be ten, and the fattened calf twenty, and one hundred sheep, with oxen, and goats, and plows, and fatlings.
When Moses was forty years old, he went to see his brothers the children of Israel.
and he said, Yahweh, the God of Israel, there is no God like you, who keep covenant and love with your servants, who walk before you with their heart.
You shall not gather fruit from the vine, neither shall you gather the fruit of the vine: it shall be for the poor, for the foreigner. I am Yahweh your God.
They shall be your ministers, and your tents; and you shall not come near to the vessels of the sanctuary, nor to the altar, that they not die with us.
For the house that was before the oracle, the depth of it was forty cubits.
Or don't you know that you will all be baptized with Christ Jesus, baptized with him?
The king said, Where is your master's son? Ziba answered the king, He is still at Jerusalem; for he said, The children of Israel have this day brought me back my father's blessing.
The spreading of the sky will become pools of water, And the dry land will become springs of water. In the haunting of the jackals, there will be grass, reeds, and bats.
Greet one another with a holy kiss. All the assemblies of Christ greet you.
and he cut off the words of Maacah his brother, because he had made for the Asherah an abomination. Asher took his image, and burned it at the brook Kidron.
Yahweh said to Moses, Don't be afraid of them; for I have delivered him and all his people and all his land into your hand: do to him as you have done to Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwells in Hebib.
Jesus answered them, You have spoken, but I tell you that you will see the Son of Man sitting at the right hand of the Almighty, and having made a cloud in heaven.
In the second year of Asa king of Judah began Nadab the son of Jeroboam to reign over Israel; he reigned two years in Israel.
You, Yahweh, have seen; for wickedness and envy you have searched, to bring recompense with your hand. The helpless give themselves to you; You are a nation that works for yourself.
For most assuredly I tell you, there is not a man who is born of a woman greater than John the Baptizer, yet he is greater than they all, in the Kingdom of Heaven.
If therefore the evil man strikes him, he scoffs at him who has no water.
and you shall teach them to your children, and shall talk of them when you sit in your house, and when you walk by the way, and when you lie down, and when you rise up;
To the wicked he deals graciously, and doesn't learn righteousness; Yes, he has done unrighteously, and doesn't consider the majesty of Yahweh.
Nabal answered the servants of David, Who is David, and who is the son of Jesse, that many of his servants have rebelled against his lord?
For it happened, when you rebelled against God, that your spirit died.
The screen for the gate of the court was twenty cubits long, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, the length of it, and the height of it, and the hangings of it.
Moses said, The people who are with me are sixty thousand who walk by the way. You will say, I will give them meat to eat, that they may eat for a month.'
As the reapers gather grain, And as the gleaners gather grain in the valley of Rephaim, So do they gather grain together.
The centurion leaned on Paul, and commanded him to be bound with two chains, and to ask him who he was, and what he was.
Ben Hadad and the kings of it drank wine in their tents; and when they heard the words, they said to his servants, Set in array, and fight. They set themselves in array against the city.
I have many months of vanity, and the time that I am weary.
For forty years God is angry with whom? Isn't it he who sins, and dies in the wilderness?
It happened after these things, that God tested Abraham, and called him, and said, Abraham. He said, Here I am.
Yahweh spoke to Aaron, saying,
Behold, I am with you as my father and your father had a covenant; and now have I sent you silver and gold, and have sent you away from the covenant that you have made with Baasha king of Israel, that he may go from me.
Not the evil man, but one as the chaff before the wind.
After many years will I go this way, that I may not return again.
Therefore you shall speak to the children of Israel, saying, I am Yahweh, who will bring you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians, and will deliver you out of the burdens of their hands.
Behold, I will make you grain and new wine and oil, and you shall be satisfied; and I will no more make you a reproach among the nations.
They answer with folly, And have no words to speak.
For I have declared to you the whole counsel of God.
The Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half-tribe of Manasseh, who were beyond the Jordan eastward, with all manner of instruments of war, were twelve thousand.
The husband also of your husband shall dwell with his wife, and shall love her more than the flesh; and he shall respect them, because they don't eat bread nor bread, because they have the gift of the living God.
The woman who had a spirit of infirmity, or had diseases, was with them; and Mary Magdalene was with them. He had seven demons out of her.
and they shall not gather wood out of the field, nor cut down trees out of the forest; for they shall kindle a fire, and shall plunder those who plunder them, and plunder those who plunder them, says the Lord Yahweh.
but he didn't inquire of Yahweh; therefore Yahweh killed him, and gave his kingdom to David the son of Jesse.
For this cause, I heard that you have faith in the Lord Jesus, and that love is in all the saints,
By faith, Moses didn't be afraid of the king's wrath, but departed out of Egypt. As if a man should see a God whom he didn't see, so he would not return.
For I am afraid that your heart may be deceived, because you have been deceived, because you have been rejected by the pureness of Christ.
Noah did so, as Yahweh commanded him.
He said to him the third time, Simon, son of Jonah, do you love me? You know that Peter therefore, because he asked him the third time, mourned greatly, and said to him, Lord, you know that I am Jesus.
Behold, all the peoples are burnt with the fire of labor, And the nations labor until they are no more; Isn't all of them from Yahweh of Armies?
But if they say, Let's go up; then we will go up; for Yahweh has delivered them into our hand, that this word may be a sign to us.
and make known to the multitudes, That Yahweh has not delivered by sword, Neither by spear; For a battle is on Yahweh; And he will deliver you into our hand.
Behold, there came a voice out of heaven, like a great wind, and filled every house with them.
In the nine and thirtieth year of Azariah king of Judah began Menahem the son of Gadi to reign over Israel, and reigned ten years in Samaria.
You shall do the service of the sanctuary, and the service of the altar, that your anger may not be kindled against the children of Israel.
These three were the sons of Noah, who filled the surface of all the earth of their children.
neither shall you steal, but shall uncover your thoughts among the ten thousands, that you may give glory to the law of God your Savior in every way.
A time in the street, And a time in the public squares. A time in the public squares.
You shall drive out your enemies. They shall fall by the sword before you.
Joshua struck the king Amalek, and all his people, with the edge of the sword.
Now therefore hear, you rich men; And weep bitterly, you who are in travail.
Saul said, Though I have sinned, let them therefore honor me in the sight of the elders of my people, and in the sight of the children of Israel, that I may worship Yahweh your God.
The Gentiles heard all these things, and glorified the word of God. They believed, as many as were able to live.
All the people passed over the Jordan, and the king passed over. The king kissed Barzillai, and blessed him; and he returned to his place.
But I was received, and I prayed to you to Yahweh. You, God, according to the multitude of your loving kindnesses, according to your true salvation, admonish me.
Until the king's gate came; for no man who was clothed in sackcloth could enter into the king's gate.
Jesus said to them, This is the will of my Father who sent me, and his work, which he did, even my food.
As it is written, I have no pleasure in Jacob, Nor in Esau.
Behold, they are Jews in the synagogue of Satan. They are not. They are liars. I will bring them down to your feet, And they will make me know your love.
Then Esther the king lifted up his golden rod to Esther; and Esther stood up before the king, and said,
Joshua stood besides in the midst of the Jordan in twelve stones, in the place where the ark of the covenant stood, to this day.
He called us in truth to himself, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Yahweh said to Moses, I will make the Amalekite's name to be blotted out from under the sky. This shall be to you for a memorial in the book, and for a memorial to Joshua.
He said, Take some of the meal. He put some of the meal in the pot, and say, It is poured out for them to eat. It was not enough.
For they are all standing at a distance, because they are afraid to see the suffering of this city.
For there is much in the dream, and much in the word, and there is vanity; but fear Yahweh.
It happened, as they were drinking, that his mother said to him, They don't drink.
When you look for peace, you don't find prosperity; But when you look for a time of prosperity, you fear.
The fig tree said to him, Should I leave my fresh and good fruit, and go to wave back and forth over the trees?
I have chosen the way in which I walk. You will answer me. Teach me your statutes.
If anyone sins unwittingly, then he shall offer the male goat for a sin offering two years old.
Didn't Hezekiah break the high places of Yahweh, and his altars, and command Judah and Jerusalem, saying, Worship before this altar, and burn incense on it?
Truly he was not an angel of the angels, but of the children of Abraham.
There were eight boards, and sixteen sockets of silver; two sockets under each board.
In the fourth month, in the ninth day of the month, the famine was sore in the city, so that there was no bread for the people of the land.
Jesus, perceiving in his spirit that the disciples were murmuring because of this, said to them, Do these words come on you?
Yahweh will do to them as he did to them this day, to destroy Sihon the king of the Amorites, and Og, and their land.
Rehoboam took eighteen wives, and sixty concubines; and he became the father of twenty-eight sons, and sixty daughters. Now she loved the daughter of Absalom, and she was above all that she had.
Declare you in Judah, and break in Jerusalem, and say, Blow the trumpet in the land, and cry, Gather yourselves together, and enter into a fortified city.
where you will serve other gods, which are the work of hands, wood and stone, which can't be seen, nor heard, nor eaten, nor smelled;
It happened at evening, before the fugitive came, that the hand of Yahweh was on me, and he opened my mouth: but in the morning that man came, my mouth was opened, and I said, I shall not move.
David danced mightily before Yahweh; and David girded up his linen ephod.
Let all the earth sing to Yahweh with joy. Sing aloud with singing.
A voice is in the wilderness, saying, Prepare the way for the Lord, Make his paths straight.
But I have told you these things, that you may know them in what season I told you; and I don't tell you these things at the first, because he is with you.
He has burned incense before his days to the Baals, and with his ears, and with various kinds of herbs, he has gone after his lovers, and has not remembered me: therefore will I punish him, says Yahweh.
The Philistines pursued after Saul and his sons; and the Philistines killed Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Malchishua, the sons of Saul.
For the idols of the house speak falsehood. The soothsayers see falsehood. They comfort the vain in their dreams. Therefore their dreams are like sheep, and they are angry because of lack of shepherds.
David said, Yahweh, the God of Israel, your servant surely heard the desire of Saul to come to Keilah, to destroy this city for my sake.
Why have you brought us up out of Egypt to this evil land? There is none to sow, and there is no fig tree, and there is no vine, and there is no pomegranate, and there is no water to drink.
Now, behold, they have repaid us, and have driven us out of your inheritance, which you have given to us.
They took it, and cast it into the pit, which was dry, and there was no water in it.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Therefore let the heart of the holy ones be like that of you: and God will reveal to you the vision of that which is not of the same heart.
You shall speak again before Yahweh your God, saying, I have brought forth a holy thing out of my house; and I have given it to the Levites, to the foreigner, to the fatherless, and to the widow; but you have not commanded my commandment, saying, You shall not allow me to return.
If you offer one of the lambs for a present, you shall offer it before Yahweh.
and the pure lampstand and the lampstand shall be according to your order before the oracle.
therefore will I do to you as I have done to the land which I gave to you and to your fathers, in this house, which is called by my name.
The serpent is the greatest of all the living creatures that Yahweh God has made. The serpent said to the woman, Is God able to say, Don't eat all the trees of the garden?
It happened about this time, when the king of Greece was persecuting some of the assembly,
It shall happen, if there be in your gates strife, between blood and blood, between strokes, between strokes, which you shall not know how to judge, then you shall arise and go to the place which Yahweh shall choose:
It happened, when I went up out of my place to offer the evening sacrifice, that I tore my clothes, and came down with my feet to lift up my hands to Yahweh my God, saying,
I regard my own flesh and my own nearness. If it is for them, I will be left behind in the curse, and I will be free in Christ.
When he had come out of the temple to be unclean to him, we took him, and tried him according to our law.
Then Joshua called for all Israel, their elders, and their heads of fathers' houses, and for their judges, and for their officers, all of them; and he said to them, I have lived many years.
Break in pieces those who are shut up, as those who are shut up; and break in pieces those who are shut up, as you do.
Everyone who hears the sound of the trumpet, and doesn't keep his word, and the sword devours it, his blood shall be on his head.
Kings shall see your righteousness, and kings your glory; and you shall be called after a new name, after the beauty of Yahweh.
They shall come in that day from Assyria to the cities of Egypt, from the River to the River, from the one sea to the other sea, and from one mountain to the other.
He spoke to him, and when he had come out of Judea into Galilee, he begged him to come down to Capernaum and heal his son, for his son was near death.
These are the four angels who were set free, and laid wait for the time, the day, the month, and the year; that they might destroy the third part of the body.
Moreover you also shall have many craftsmen, and masons, and enchanters, and all enchanters, to do all the work.
and the border shall go down from Sephan to Riblah east of Aven; and the goings down of the border shall be at the east of Chinneroth.
You seas, what do you mean by them? Shall you be to him as earthen pots, whose work you make? Shall you be to him as his God, who doesn't make me? Shall I be to him as the foundation of the earth? Shall I be to him as the foundation of the earth?
For I am a friend of those who are yours, of those who are my friends, and of those who are my friends.
They struck the cities of Gerar round about, for Yahweh had made them afraid: and they robbed all their cities; for there was a great spoil in the city.
The third was called Digruz, which is on the east side of Assyria. The fourth was Euphrates.
It happened, when he had eaten, that Boaz said to him, Come, eat bread, and feed yourself with the bread. He sat down beside the reaper, and he took the water for the rain; and he ate of it, and gave it to him. He arose and went to take it.
Oh that the salvation of Israel would come out of Zion! When Yahweh brings back his people from captivity, Then Jacob shall rejoice, And Israel shall be glad.
There were capitals of brass on the top of the pillars, five cubits high; and a network of networks and pomegranates were on the capital round about, all of brass.
I will strengthen the house of Judah, and will save the house of Joseph, and will bring them back; for I have compassion on them; and they shall be as I have not rejected their appearance; for I am Yahweh their God, and I will love them.
My people will live by faith, but I will not enjoy them, if they return.
Though there were treasures of gold and precious stones, The lips of knowledge were precious.
When the year brings forth its fruit, then it will be cut down, if it doesn't sow.'
This shall be to Aaron and his sons as a portion forever from the children of Israel; for it is a heave offering: it is a peace offerings to Yahweh from the children of Israel.
If a man lies with a husband's wife, and her husband with her husband dies; he shall put away the evil from Israel.
Jesus, perceiving their wickedness, said to him, You hypocrites, why do you test me?
Jeremiah said to Zedekiah, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Armies, the God of Israel: If you go forth, and strike the king of Babylon's princes, your life shall live; and this city shall not be burned with fire.
The heart of king David was exceedingly filled to remember Absalom; for Amnon was dead; and he was comforted.
But this letter I write to you, faithful brother Silas, exhorting you and testifying that it is the grace of God in truth. Show us the grace of this grace.
The world is corrupted and broken before Yahweh. The world is full of violence.
You shall take of it stones with your hands, and lay them up in the midst of the mortar in the gate of Pharaoh's house, which is before the children of Judah,
Ahijah took the new garments which he had put on, and took them, and made twelve pieces.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Now Isaac was old, and his eyes were dim, and he couldn't see. He called Esau his firstborn, and said to him, My son. Esau said, Here I am.
Joshua said, From the stone, all the way to the mouth of the cave, have they stayed there, and kept it.
Delilah said to Samson, Tell me, Where is your strength? Why then are you bound, that you may sleep in?
One of the lawyers stood up and tested him, saying to him, Teacher, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
Jonathan took his shoe on his feet, and went after him with his armor. The Philistines struck them before Jonathan with his armor.
Depart from evil, and do good. Seek peace, and pursue it.
Yet they tempt the Most High, And rebel against him, And don't keep his words.
The sons of the prophets said to Elisha, Behold, our place is too small for you.
It happened at the end of the days of feasting, that Job sent to them, and sanctified them; and he rose up early, and offered up burnt offerings according to the number of all; for he had said, Let my son be brought up to sin, that he should live.
She said, Let us love God with all our heart and with all our strength. Let us love our neighbor as ourselves, more than the burnt offering and the sacrifice which is for the livestock.
For he shall be beautiful, and shall return from all his iniquity which he has committed: he shall surely live, he shall not die.
Open your doors, Lebanon, That the fire may devour your cedars.
He shall sprinkle the blood of his plague on the altar seven times, cleanse him from the uncleanness of the children of Israel, and sanctify him.
before he was put in prison.
You have chosen Zechuth your king, and the Son of your soul, the stars of your gods, to do them.
Now therefore, please save yourselves, this man, that this temple may be destroyed, and that it may rise again in the third day; but if you are the Son of God, throw yourself down from the cross.
At his hand are all the precious life of mankind, And the breath of mankind.
The king sat on his throne, according to the words of it, which were by the wall: and Jonathan stood, and Abner was by Saul's side; and the words of David were left him empty.
Then all the congregation were filled. One shouted, and they didn't know what they were doing.
They said, Didn't Yahweh speak with Moses? Wasn't he with us? Yahweh heard this.
to Yahweh, the God of heaven, great and awesome, who keeps covenant and love with those who love him and love him.
He made the bells of pure gold, and the pomegranates of it pomegranates with pomegranates on the sides of the robe round about, and among the pomegranates.
Moses spoke to the children of Israel, and they gave him rods, one according to their fathers' houses, twelve rods; and Aaron's rods were in the midst of the rods.
Your servant fears you. You confirm your word.
He sent away the third servant; and the farmers wounded him, and drove him out.
Because they didn't obey the voice of Yahweh their God, but rebelled against his covenant, and didn't listen nor keep all that Moses the servant of Yahweh commanded.
It happened in the sixth year of the reign of Darius that the house was built on the third day of the month Adar.
Let that which is good satisfy your soul altogether, And turn your youth like eagles.
They found among the priests' sons those who had married foreign women, Jeshua the son of Jozadak, with his brothers Maaseiah, Elizer, and Elibar, and Gedaliah.
Their horses were seven hundred thirty-six; their mules, two hundred forty-five;
Jael stretched out her hand, and held the lamp, and the right hand the hammer of a hired servant, and struck Sisera with the hammer, and passed over his head, and pierced him through.
There am I left alone; I have seen the great vision, and there is no strength in my flesh, and the lusts of my face are darkened, and there is no strength in me.
You shall love Yahweh your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your strength.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh, the God of Armies. Listen to this, Jacob. Selah.
He charged them, saying, You tell my lord Esau, Thus says your servant Jacob, I have lived as a foreigner in Laban, to this day.
But he answered them, Blessed is he who keeps the word of God.
By reason of disobedience, sin is brought forth, and sin, after it has been brought forth, leads to death.
For then, all who call on the name of the Lord will be saved.
When the day had come that the king should bring them in, the prince of the eunuchs brought them in to Nebuchadnezzar.
The woman of Tekoa said to the king, No, my lord, O king, be guiltless to me, and to my father's house, both to the king, and to his words.
For forty years your garments will not be torn, nor your shoes miss.
I walked in the words of your mouth, and not in the ways of another man: I considered the way of him who didn't walk in violence.
I will command them, that they may come again to this city: and they shall fight against it, and take it, and burn it with fire; and I will make the cities of Judah a desolation, without inhabitant.
A hot-tempered man has great understanding, But a holy man brings out great folly.
I appointed Shelemiah the priest, and Zadok the scribe, and Petaiah the Levite, the captain of the guard, over the officers; and Hanan the son of Zaccur, the son of Hanan, the captain of the guard, was the captain of the guard: and Mattiah the son of Zichri, the captain of the guard, was among them.
All these Jews returned out of all places where they had been driven; and they came to Mizpah in the land of Judah, and came to Gedaliah, and gathered much wine and summer fruit.
You shall lend foreigner's money, but your brother shall not lend his money: that Yahweh your God may possess the land, and that he may bless you in the land where you go to possess it.
in the Lord, by the spirit of judgment, and by the spirit of burnt offering, to wash away the filthiness of the daughter of Zion, and to cleanse Jerusalem from the blood of those who shed blood.
Then Shecaniah the son of Jehiel, the son of Elam, answered Ezra, and said, Let us take of the foreign women of the inhabitants of the land, as wives, and trespass against our God; and let Israel dwell in the land.
Aaron returned to Moses, and came to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and the plague was stayed.
For if you confess your sins, God is true and righteous, and will forgive your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness.
The thickness of the spear was as the thickness of a weaver's beam, and six hundred shekels of iron in the top of it.
Behold, there was a man with a broken hand. Some sought him in vain, and said, Is it lawful to heal on the Sabbath?
In that night Yahweh spoke to Gideon, saying, Bring your father's calf, the second year of his calf, and break down all the altars of Baal that your father had made, and raise up the Asherah by the altar.
The Pharisees came, and talked with him, and tried to tempt him, and they begged him to do a sign from heaven.
Next to him the priests repaired those who lived in the plain.
For this cause, I wrote to you not while I was with you, lest, when I came, I should come to you with the authority of the Lord, which was given me to do with you; but it was a decree which would not be broken.
The voice of thanksgiving and gladness is gone out of them; and I will multiply them, so that they shall not be diminished, nor honorable, so that they shall not be diminished.
They are utterly vain in their engraved images, in which is no profit; and their witnesses don't see it, neither do they know it, that they should be ashamed.
Thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will build a destroying wind against Babylon, and against the Chaldeans who dwell there.
Moses said, This is what Yahweh has commanded you to do. The glory of Yahweh will be revealed to you.
Behold, he is bold, and doesn't speak to him. Do you say the things concerning Christ?
It shall happen in the fourth place that they shall return; for the iniquity of the Amorites shall be no more.
for which I asked the Lord three times, that the bough might depart from me.
He called the name of the second son Ephraim, For, he said, God has made me prosper in my afflicted places.
The people answered Joshua, and said, No; but we are appointed to minister to Yahweh.
The male goat of the gate was the king of Greece. The first king were the two horns of his eyes.
Those who took his weapons saw that Saul was dead, and that he had himself fallen by the sword.
Then he said, Listen, brothers, before Abraham your father goes to Haran, and the God of glory appears to him in Mesopotamia, before he comes here,
But woe to you rich men! For you have enjoyed the life of pleasure.
Gideon the son of Joash was old and well stricken in years; and he died, and was buried in the tomb of Ophrah of the Abiezrites, in the tomb of Joash his father.
Until the day your brother is angry, and is taken away.
The servants of Achish said to him, Isn't this David the king of the land? Is he one of those who sing in the dance, and say, Saul has slain his thousands, David has slain their faces, and are he also this man?
It happened after a long time, in the days of Kiriath Jearim, that all the house of Israel made mention of Yahweh.
Then another disciple, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, said to him,
The woman said to him, I have no husband. He said to her, You have said, you have neither husband, nor wife.
In the eighteenth year of king Josiah was this Passover to Yahweh kept in Jerusalem.
His eye is reddish-white by reason of it, And his teeth white by reason of it.
Will you shake the wind's beard? Or will you dry up the grass after you?
Yahweh is gracious and upright. He will show kindness to the sinner.
Now Paul was waiting in Athens for Silas and Timothy, and saw that there was an idol in all the city.
The disciples said to him, It is better for a man's wife than that he should marry.
Their herdsmen don't prosper. Their herdsmen don't spoil children.
one male goat for a sin offering;
Moreover I have said to the wicked, Surely you shall die, if he turn from his iniquity, and do that which is lawful and right;
I tell you these things, that your faith may not be moved.
The Pharisees therefore said to him, You testify about yourself, and your witness is not valid.
Hezekiah and the princes came and saw the heaps, and they blessed Yahweh, and blessed his people Israel.
then the priest shall command that they take up the stone that causes the plague, and cast it into the unclean places of the city.
As for the king, because he is a king, he shall eat bread in the sight of Yahweh, and he shall come in and go out of the porch of the gate.
God laid hold on Paul's hands, and abundantly executed his signs.
A woman who had a flow of blood for twelve years came behind him, and touched the fringe of his garment.
The teraphim were a magician. The silver was refined with gold, and the refiner refined it.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Stretch forth your rod over the dust of the earth, that he may be a murderer in all the land of Egypt.'
Now the rest of the acts of Menahem, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
For death has come on you by the window, and has brought you into your stronghold; and from outside you have destroyed the little ones, and from the streets the young men have destroyed them.
Moses said, Let me see your glory.
I have planted for myself gardens of flowers and gardens of fruit; In them I have planted every tree of fruit.
Neither shall you take your neighbor's wife, nor your neighbor's house, nor his land, nor his male servants, nor his female servants, nor his oxen, nor his donkeys, nor any of your neighbor's house.
We know that God spoke to Moses, but we don't know where this man comes from.
Their tents and their flocks shall be for a prey, and they shall take away all the dung, and all the vessels, and the camels; and they shall put them away for fear:
He said to me, Carry him out to the house of Shinar, and if the house is restored, you shall put him in your house.
Judah sent by the hand of Adullam his friend to get him a goat, that he might carry it back out of her hand; but he couldn't find him.
Every man and woman, whatever comes of all joy to the heart, to every man and to every woman, even the firstborn of their breasts, their ears, and their ears, and their hands with which they lay hold: this is the offering of Yahweh.
Moses and Eleazar the priest took their gold from them, every one of their skillful work.
Moses anointed the tent of meeting, and all that was in it, to sanctify them.
So the king passed over, and came to Gilgal; and Chimham passed over, and he; and all Judah, and all Israel, half of them, did the king pass over.
He came out to them, and said to them, Don't do this evil, my beloved; for he has come into my house, and you shall not do this thing.
For you know all things, in that God is greater than your heart.
The Almighty can't oppress him. He has great power. He is just and full of righteousness, and doesn't oppress.
Now Joab the son of Zeruiah was captain of the army; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud was recorder;
Who will go up in the day that he comes? Who will stand when he is revealed? For he is like a tried fire, And has become as an everlasting brightness.
Therefore they said to him, We don't know where we come from.
His lord will come in the days of his untimely death.
For Christ died for us, that we might live, or that we might die, even as he came.
I have given them knowledge of your name. I will show them my thoughts, That you may love me in their midst, And I in their midst.
that the peace of God, who is last in flesh, may be kept in mind through Christ Jesus.
They said, This is Jesus the prophet, the Nazarene, who is in Galilee.
He who plants, and he who waters, doesn't endure, But is nourished by the God of brass;
In him we all died. Therefore we glorified God, Amen.
God stretched out his hand, he struck the stone, and plucked it out of the roots of the mountain.
Let all the nations rejoice. Let them sing for joy, For you will judge the nations with righteousness, And the kingdoms of the earth. Selah.
Outside at the gate were the chambers, which were by the north gate; for the singers they had made; and their chambers were toward the south, and toward the east gate.
God, you are my King. Command, and save Jacob.
I have come to the pit today, saying, Yahweh, the God of my master Abraham, if you are willing, believe in the way that I have walked.
For Yahweh your God walks round about your camp, to deliver you, and to deliver your enemies to you: therefore be you holy and worthy of your camp, that you not be cut off from among your enemies.
Jacob went in to Rachel, and loved Rachel more than Leah. She served Laban seven years.
Do to them as you did to Midian, As you did to Sisera and to Jabin at the Kishon:
Then came Jehohanan the son of Kareah, and Jaazaniah the son of Hoshaiah, and all the people from the least of them to the greatest of them;
Is there a resurrection of all men? I must endure the days of my labor, Until the time of my mourning comes.
The magicians did likewise in their enchantments, and brought frogs into the land of Egypt.
But if you forsake Yahweh, who serves the foreign gods, Yahweh has blessed you, and will himself bring evil on you and destroy you.
Pour out your indignation on them. Let your fierce anger overtake them.
divide the sea before them, that they may go as dry land passes over; cast you their pursuers into the depths of the sea, as great stones into the waters;
Paul tried to enter into the multitude, but the disciples hindered him.
The children of Reuben and the children of Gad were very great with their livestock; for they saw the land of Jazer, and the land of Gilead, that it should be a place for their livestock.
like a baptism, or a laying on of hands, or a resurrection of the dead, or an everlasting ordinance.
Yahweh your God will send the hornet, even to the midst of them, until they are consumed, which are left.
Moses said to Aaron and to Eleazar his son, Don't let your hair be shaved, neither tear your clothes, lest you die, and Yahweh be angry with the congregation; but let all the house of your brothers, all the children of Israel, be burned with fire.
If a man says that he lives in light, he still hates his brother, and he is no more, but in darkness he lives in truth.
and on the mountains of No, No, and No,
It shall happen, when you are in distress, that all these things shall come on you; that you shall return to Yahweh your God, to hear his voice.
Peter, the author of this letter, greets you in the Lord.
Lift up the mountains, you who bring news to Zion; Lift up the voice of the news to Jerusalem, you who bring news to Jerusalem: Don't be afraid, lift up your voice, and say to the city of Judah, You see your God.
He who oppresses the poor blasphemes, But he who lacks mercy honors the Lord.
Where the body is, the eagle will gather together.
Kedemoth with its suburbs, Mephaath with its suburbs; four cities.
The remnant of the Syrians, the hill country of Ephraim, and the kingdom of Damascus, will perish like the glory of Israel, says Yahweh of Armies.
For you will go in and possess a land not like the land of Egypt, where you will sow, and tread on it, and be as a field.
Therefore animals of the wilderness and wolves will dwell there, And the sword will dwell therein forever and ever. There will be no inhabitant in the land.
You shall eat it to the full day, and the flesh shall come forth out of your nostrils, and you shall be put to shame; because you have forsaken Yahweh, who dwells among you, and wept before him, and you came forth out of Egypt.
Behold, he shines forth his light on them. He covers the sea also.
His wisdom prevailed above all, over Ethon the Ezraite, and over Heman the son of Mahor, and over Chalk, and over Taldad, and his praise was of the nations that were round about him.
He spoke to the king of Israel, saying, You have plucked the bow in your hand. So he plucked the bow in his hand.
Therefore call to me all the prophets of Baal, and all who serve Baal, and all his priests, and don't let one man be slain; for I will offer a great sacrifice to Baal, that none of you should live like Baal, and Baal the Jebusite.
If he can't afford two turtledoves or two young pigeons, then he shall bring their offering for his sin, which he has sinned: one tenth of an ephah of fine flour mingled with oil for a burnt offering, and one tenth of an ephah of oil for a sin offering;
Which is easier, to forgive your sin, or to say, Arise and walk?
He said to them, Set your mind on them to eat. They said, You have here five loaves and two fish. Why should we eat so much, if we don't buy?
Ahaz said, I pray, and I don't tempt Yahweh.
Then David the king went in, and sat before Yahweh; and he said, Who am I, Yahweh God, and what is my good house, that you have brought me into this land?
Now this is my bone and my flesh that I will call a woman, for he came forth from the man.
It happened on the third day of the seventh month, in the twenty-first day of the month, that the king sent the people away to their tents, to the favor of every man and to the gladness of his heart, because of the kindness of Yahweh which he had given to David, to Solomon, and to all Israel.
But they didn't help the teaching and teaching, which are about coming out.
Therefore will I also walk in my wrath, and my eye shall not love, neither will I have pity; yet I will not hear when they cry in my ears.
He who endures shall the ruler endure, But the gentle will break the bones.
Those who walked with the brooks turned about, and went: and they went up into the waste places, and died.
Let's not boast in man's work about his own knowledge, But if we hope in our faith, we will boast in our weaknesses.
It happened, when the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, that they said, This is the king of Israel, and they are turned over to fight with him. Jehoshaphat cried out, and Yahweh helped him; and Yahweh didn't help them.
Their Redeemer is mighty. His name is Yahweh of Armies. He will plead their cause. He will bring peace to the whole land. His people who dwell in Babylon will tremble.
Then I said in my heart, I have found that which is foolish; shouldn't I be wiser than they? I said in my heart, No;
It happened, when she had said these things, that she turned and saw him standing, and that she couldn't prove that he was Jesus.
Be of good courage, and let us play the man for our people, and for the cities of our God: Yahweh do that which seems him good.
For Yahweh will not be able to bring this people into the land which he swore to them, and he killed them in the wilderness.
It was the word of Yahweh which he spoke by Jeremiah, until the land had rest from him; for he had rest from his waste time even to seventy years.
All these things were done for the eyes of all the people; and they made the posts broader, and the leaves of their skirts broader.
Seeing you are a remnant, and not a burnt offering, I will bring you out of my mouth:
He said, What will I liken to the Kingdom of God?
They made two rings of gold, and two rings of gold, and put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate.
Whoever touches its flesh shall be holy; and his blood shall be sprinkled on the garment on which it was sprinkled, and you shall wash it in a holy place.
For they all saw him, and they marveled. Immediately Jesus said to them, Peace be to you, I am and I will not be afraid.
Wail, daughter of Israel, for Saul! For he made you all clothe yourselves with scarlet, And made your garments gold-plated.
He said to him, What do you want? He said, In your place, when you are king, give me this one of my sons to sit at your right hand, and this one to sit at your left hand.
Some of the multitude heard them, and said, Truly this man is the prophet.
Then he called to him one of the young men, and said, You have trusted in him, that you may kill him. So he went and struck him, and killed him.
Of Asher he said, Blessed be Asher the son, for whose sake I have obtained the joy of their brothers to put his feet in the oil.
You think that the Father is jealous of you, and loves you, that you may be called children of God; and indeed you are children of him in truth. Therefore the world doesn't know you, because they don't know God.
When her sister Oholibah saw it, she became more adulterous than she, and committed adultery more than her sister.
At evening Aaron shall burn incense, when he has lit the lamp; but you shall burn the incense continually before Yahweh continually throughout your generations.
An evil man prides himself on his face, saying, He will not follow after salvation. What he thinks, it is the ship of no God.
You shall sprinkle on him who is to be cleansed seven times, and shall pronounce him clean. You shall release him who lives.
I gave to you then this land, which was before the valley of the Arnon, which is by the Arnon, and half the hill country of Gilead, and the midst of it, even the cities of the children of Reuben and of the children of Gad.
When the net was full, they brought up their fish, and brought them down, and brought their fish with them, and cast them out.
Then will I bring a lamp to Jerusalem, and I will punish those men as at the beginning of the generations, who say in their heart, Yahweh will not do good, nor know evil.
So the priests, and the Levites, and the porters, and the singers, and all the people, and the Nethinim, and all Israel, lived in their cities.
If he have no brothers, then you shall give his inheritance to his relatives. He shall have it for an inheritance, according to the commandment of Yahweh by Moses.
Samuel said to him, Thus and thus has Yahweh cut off the kingdom from you this day, that he may give the kingdom to one of your neighbors better than you.
They go forward continually. Where the spirit goes, they go. They don't turn when they go.
He arose, and went to his father. When they were yet a long way from him, the father saw him, and didn't care for the horn, but ran to him; and he held his peace.
But we aren't afraid to walk before them, so that we will be delivered through faith.
The voice of the wings of the cherubim is heard abroad, as the voice of the Almighty God.
It is well with the lips to give answers. It is well with the words of a man.
That they may know that it is of your hand; You Yahweh have done it.
Therefore you shall be hungry, and thirsty, and naked, and have nothing to do with; and Yahweh will send him against your enemies, and he shall lay his trust in you, until you perish.
The fruit of light is likeness, righteousness, and truth.
The sheep will not go after the strangers, but will flee, because they don't know the voice of the strangers.
It happened in the first month, after the first year had come out of Egypt, that Yahweh spoke to Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, saying,
If anyone sins, even if he hears the voice of an oath, he shall come and testify; but if he sees it or knows it, he shall not say, He shall bear his sin.
You say that you have counsel and strength to fight. I say this in vain. In whom do you trust, that you may rebel against me?
Abner took counsel with the elders of Israel, saying, You have longed for David to reign over you.
The temple is to be refined with silver, The furnace is to be refined with gold, And people will be tested with praise.
But concerning the Holy One, he said, Your throne, God, remains forever, and the dominion of your kingdom is upright.
You shall give to the priests the sons of Zadok, who are near to me, the bull for a sin offering, says the Lord Yahweh,
To the angel of the assembly in Sardis write: He who is seven Spirits of God, he who seven stars, says these things: I know your works, and you live in all things, and are dead.
My son, don't forget my teaching. Keep my commandments in your heart.
Their household is secure, and doesn't fear. The rod of God doesn't strike them.
The men said to them, What is the name of the man who built this house?
Herein, then, let those who keep the commandments of God, and those who believe in him, be made sorry.
the ark of the testimony, its poles, the mercy seat,
Now this Ezra was from Babylon, according to all the law of Moses, which Yahweh, the God of Israel, had given him, and he was a scribe who had all his requests made, according to the hand of Yahweh his God.
Pharaoh took sheep and oxen, and donkeys, and male servants and female servants, and donkeys and female servants, and female servants and female servants, for the woman's sake.
The house is to be refined silver, and the house is to be refined gold; but Yahweh is the refiner of heart.
But if a man keeps the way of God, he is perfect with love. So we will know that we live God's way.
It happened on the next day, in the second day of the month, that the words of David were still empty; and Saul said to Jonathan his son, Why haven't the son of Jesse eaten, as at this day?
But each one of us has his portion according to the gift of Christ.
Whoever shall worship on the housetop all the army of the sky, and all the worshippers, swears by Yahweh, and swears by Malcam;
Those who hate me hate my Father.
I will make his mountains full of the dead, And his slain with the sword will fall on your hills, And on the valleys, And on all the borders of it.
Behold, an angel of the Lord appeared beside them; and the glory of the Lord troubled them round about.
When he had dug and dug a house, and had plastered it, until the beginning, and had appeared in that house,
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, to proclaim and to proclaim loving kindness; for you delight, children of Israel.
Now when God had made Christ perfect, he became a spring of eternal salvation to all those who obey him.
Entrust your matters to Yahweh, And take refuge in him. He will fulfill your heart.
An angel of the Lord will come down at the same time, and will shake the waters, and when they are shaken, the first fruits of a man will be no more.
Jesus said to them, I am the bread of life. He who comes to me will by no means be hungry, but he who believes in me will never be thirsty.
He said, Their gods, they trust in a rock.
Haven't you heard the words of this people? They said, He has rejected the two tribes of which Yahweh spoke: thus have they despised my people, and made them a nation before their face.
In the third year of Asa king of Judah did Baasha strike him, and seek his words.
Your beautiful praise is perfected in the sight of the nations; for I have given you my glory, says the Lord Yahweh.
I have said, You are gods, and you are the children of the Most High;
For thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: The meal offering of the land shall not be diminished, neither shall the fat of the land fail, until the day that Yahweh rains on the earth.
But Paul said to the people, We are Romans, who have not been judged. They told us in their hearing, and put us in prison. Now they will be delivered up into captivity, that they not be cast out and be led out quickly.
For their glory is destroyed, for there is a roaring of the shepherds. Listen, a roaring of the young lions; for the forest of the Jordan is laid waste.
Therefore we prophesy more abundantly. Listen, therefore; for the word is as a lamp to the darkness, and to the brightness of the sky, and out of the light it appears to you.
The priest shall offer burnt offerings and meal offerings on the altar, and the priest shall make atonement for him, and he shall be clean.
All the vessels of the tent, and the lamps of the ceiling, and the lamps of the court, shall be of brass.
Oh, Yahweh of Armies, my King, my God! Oh, the sparrows have found a house for themselves, Or a house for their children, Even a altar to you!
and that it may be well with you, that you may receive it altogether.
Now I, Yahweh of Armies, have planted you a plant. I command evil against you, because of the wickedness of Israel and the house of Judah, to burn incense to Baal, to provoke me to anger; and I make myself a burden, and a reward.
how he has glorified himself, and done that which was evil in his own sight; for he says in his heart, I sit as a queen, and I don't sit as a widow, but as a widow.
Let the heavens sing, because Yahweh has formed them; in the lower parts of the earth let the voice of joy come forth; and let the mountains sing, and the trees of the earth be heard; for Yahweh has spoken, and the God of Israel has spoken.
if indeed you are ignorant, that you may be justified by the will of God.
As the daughters of Job, So were all the women of the land. Their fathers gave them inheritance among their brothers.
A voice of the horse, a voice of the rushing of the chariot, a voice of rushing of the horses, a voice of rushing of the chariots;
Then they brought him to the high priest. All the chief priests, the elders, and the scribes gathered themselves together.
Don't you understand? Didn't you remember that I ate five thousand loaves, and gathered up ten baskets full of broken pieces?
But I have this against me, that I stood up in the midst of them with a loud voice, saying, I am this day judged by you for the resurrection of the dead.'
It became a great wealth, increased by a great number, and became a great wealth.
The people answered Joshua, and said, We will serve Yahweh our God, and obey his voice.
Amaziah killed Edom in the Valley of Salt, and took Silas, and called him Joktiel, to this day.
Then they asked him, Is the Sabbath a good thing, or an evil thing; and how much more are the lives of the men who save, or the lives of the men who are in the sea? They couldn't strengthen them.
The length of king Solomon's house, which he built for Yahweh, was sixty cubits, and the breadth twenty cubits, and the height thirty cubits.
He is like a man who builds a house, and digs it, and lays a foundation on a rock; and the flood comes, and the streams overflow, and the house is not shaken; for the house was very fortified.
But if you will not listen to me, but keep the Sabbath holy, behold, on the Sabbath day everyone shall be brought into Jerusalem: I will set on fire every gate, and it shall be burnt with fire, and the children of Jerusalem shall not be broken.
Then Jesus went through the grain fields on the Sabbath day, and his disciples were hungry. He plucked the heads of grain, and ate.
They turned aside from the first, and were condemned in their own sight.
I thank my strength, which is Christ Jesus our Lord, who esteemed me faithful, and granted to serve him.
For you shall all die: as waters that spread on the earth, you shall not be gathered again: but Yahweh will not take life from man, but he will cast out the city from him.
When you warn a man of his iniquity, you make him perish with the desire as with a moth. Surely the son of man is in vain. Selah.
To the perfect, you show loving kindness. To the perfect, you show perfect kindness.
Yahweh, my rock, he has redeemed my Lord. Let your acceptance be according to the mouth, and according to the heart.
For who is God, save Yahweh? Who is a rock, save our God?
When Saul saw it, he saw that Yahweh was with David; and Michal the daughter of Saul loved her.
He made the ephod of gold, of blue, and purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen.
But the God who brought you up out of the land of Egypt with great power and out of the arm: fear him, worship him, and sacrifice him.
This is a small matter in your sight, God; for you have spoken also of your servant's house for a great while to come; for you have dealt with me, Yahweh God, as you have dealt with the nobles.
Why are you in despair, my soul? Why are you disturbed within me? Hope in God! Yet I will praise him, for he is my glory and God.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Speak to the men of Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying, Don't you observe to teach, and don't do my words?
The way of the wicked is an abomination to Yahweh, But he who pursues righteousness shall love him.
There was not a day like this in the latter days, that they should hear the voice of Yahweh, because Yahweh fought for the children of Israel.
Surely you shall die, says the evil man; and if you will not warn him, neither warn the evil man, that he should turn from his evil way, and save his life; and the evil man shall die in his iniquity, but his life will I require at your hand.
He entered again into the synagogue, where was a man with a small hand.
There is a river, and its channels are open, That the city of Yahweh may rejoice, Even the Most High.
Man goes out of the way, and wanders back and forth. There is no one who does good, no, not one.
It is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop, Than to share a house with a contentious woman.
But if you had not waited, behold, the second time has come.
When they enter into the inner court, they shall put on fine linen: they shall not wear wool in the doors of the court, nor in the courts, for the service of the house.
It happened at the time of the morning, that Yahweh fell from the pillar of cloud and fire, and struck all the army of Egypt, and their mighty men.
Yahweh gave me two tables of stone, the first fruits of which Yahweh wrote on it, according to the day of Yahweh's wisdom on the mountains, and in the midst of the fire.
Yes, he is lowly in judgment, And none holds his right. Who can declare his generation? For he has finished his life on earth.
Let me also take a little water, and let them wash your feet, and let them lie down under a tree.
You blind guides him, But you watch, and rise up, And the camels swallow up.
This is the thing which Pharaoh shall do, and shall set officers over the land: in the seven years' time shall you take of the fruit of the land of Egypt, and shall take the fifth part of the animal.
Aaron is about to die, because he is not able to enter into the land which I have given to the children of Israel; because you have transgressed my commandments in Meribah.
The king lived in the plains of the Jordan, between Succoth and Zerethan, in the lowland.
I will bring your body again, and she will bring you into ruin, says Yahweh; for all the people have taken you in their place: it is Zion; there is none who waits for the hair of the hair.
I am the vine, and you are the branch. He who lives in me will live in it. He who lives in me will grow fruitful, for nothing will be lacking from you.
They persuaded the people, and the elders and the scribes, that they should take Stephen, and give him up to the council.
These four were the sons of Gath, born to him; and they fell by the hand of David, and by the hand of his servants.
Now when the Passover was in the year, his parents went up to the feast at Jerusalem.
Your bow is gone forth. The oaths of these tribes are true. Selah. You have divided the land by rivers.
You shall do all that Yahweh your God shall command you, that you may live, and be blessed, and that you may continue in the days to come.
but this your son, a prostitute, gave you all of your substance, and came back, and you killed for him the fattened calf.'
But they all marvel that he is good at all things, and that he is good at all things, and the deaf can hear, and the mute can speak.
He lifted up his eyes, and saw Esau coming, and four hundred men with him. He divided the children, and gave them to Leah, and two to Rachel.
I will obey your statutes. Don't make me utterly forsaken.
All who were numbered of the Levites, whom Moses and Aaron and the princes of Israel numbered according to their families and according to their families,
For he has established your bars, And blessed your sons and your daughters.
They brought him to Annas, for he was a high priest of the people, and the elder of the elders of Caiaphas that year.
One of his servants answered the king, and said, Send you five men within the city, that they may buy as you have sold, (and behold, buy as you have sold the house of Israel; and send as you have sold the house of Israel),
His scepter is great, but not from his own scepter: He shall utterly destroy, yes, he shall prosper, and shall do according to his own will, and shall utterly destroy the princes and the saints.
Now the name of the other was Eliezer: for Moses said, My father helped me, and he delivered me out of the sword of Pharaoh.
Her branches were broken, and she would burn them up; for the people had made a fool of them: therefore would God not have compassion on them, and would not have favor with them.
If the bright spot stays in its place, and is no more, and is a scarlet cloud, then the priest shall pronounce him clean.
Yahweh did according to his will in heaven, on earth, in the midst of the sea, and in all the depths of the earth.
I will shake the nations, and all the kingdoms that desire them will come; and I will fill this house with glory, says Yahweh of Armies.
I will be to him a Father, and he will be to me a Son; And I will not take away my loving kindness from him, As I took him from a king before you.
Seeing a fig tree beside you, he came near, and found no fruit in the trees, but a leaf. He said to the fig tree, Go now, and don't delay. It was a very small tree.
Then Jesus summoned the multitude and the disciples, and said to them, If anyone wants to follow me, let him leave himself alone, and take up his cross, and follow me.
I will make Jerusalem a heap, a dwelling place for jackals, and I will make the cities of Judah waste, without inhabitant.
Of all your loving kindness and your truth, which you have shown to your servants, I am not worthy to receive. I have taken my staff, and passed this Jordan, and have become great.
Joshua rose up early in the morning, and all Israel with him, and departed from Shittim, until he was passed over the Jordan, and he rested there, until he was passed over the river.
Samson said to them, I have this time wounded the Philistines; they shall not charge me with sin.
Those who escape shall be in Mount Zion, and they shall be holy. The inheritance of the house of Jacob shall be his.
It fell on a day, that Eli lay in his own place, and his eyes were dim, and he couldn't see.
Therefore hope is rooted out of faith, that promise may be given to the free gift of Abraham, to all his seed, and to all the circumcision, even to Abraham's servants, and to Abraham's servants.
It happened in the first month, in the twentieth year, in the first month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Pharaoh prepared his chariot, and took the people with him.
God said to the man clothed in linen, Go in, and take between the whirling wheels, and the cherubim, and take from among the cherubim, two handfuls of firebrands full of it; and I will let the man go out of the city.
You will father a wife, and another will lie down with her. You will build your house, and not be able to stand therein. You will plant vineyards, and will not be able to eat the fruit of them.
saying, Where is the Lord, who has promised to? Your fathers died, but all things are now alike, from the beginning of the creation.
They came near to Philip the Bethsaida of Galilee, and begged him, saying, Sir, we want to see Jesus.
His lord answered him, I tell you that I will make whoever he is, and he will be greater; and whoever doesn't have, that also he will take.
Samson fell on the stone which was at Etam, and destroyed them with a great slaughter.
For to one the Spirit is given, and to another the gift of healing is given.
Prepare yourselves, and be ready, you, and all the army that is with you; be you their counselor.
Yahweh preserves all those who love him, But he destroys all those who work iniquity.
Don't you remember how I gave to the four thousand seven loaves to eat, and how many baskets you had left to gather?
We sat by the river Babylon, and remember Zion at one time; and our eyes fail.
For the Levites have no portion among you: he shall eat, and he shall eat, he, and he who is foreign, and he who is fatherless, and he who has widows, and he who dwells in your gates; and Yahweh your God will bless you in all that you do.
They are disappointed and confounded together for the hope.
Then Gideon took the people, and brought them down to the waters; and Yahweh said to Gideon, All who drink of the wine let them stand still, as a dog does, and all who drink of the water; but let them stand still.
With every vow, and with every oath of the covenant, he shall afflict himself; and the husband of his soul shall consecrate him, and the husband of his soul shall put him to death.
One of his disciples saw them in his anger, and said, Woe to them for whose soul he was grieved! He said to the man, Stretch out your hand. He put out his hand, and went into the field.
It happened on that day, that Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
They are a curse on the surface of the waters. He doesn't turn again to walk in the vineyards.
They will die in the youth, But their lives will be as children in bitterness.
For Israel has forgotten his lord, and he has built his house. The fortified cities of Judah will I send a fire on their cities, and it will devour their camp.
Having said these things to them, the Lord Jesus was taken up and sat at the right hand of God.
I will lay a stone on you in purple, a stone of blue, that you may be shaken out of the wind, you who are not able to comfort.
When you cry with a loud voice, save you those whom you have gathered together; and they will swallow them up with their mouths; but the one who trusts in me shall inherit, that he may be my inheritance.
Therefore, house of Israel, says the Lord Yahweh, I will judge you everyone after his ways: return you from all your iniquities, and don't be consumed in these things.
They were all astonished at his knowledge, and at the multitude of his words.
These are those who were king between Succoth and Zerethan in the plains of the Jordan, in the land of the clay clay clay, and in the caressing of the clay.
He measured the length of it, twenty cubits, and the breadth twenty cubits, before the house; and he said to me, It is most holy.
But Saul was very angry, and didn't approve the word; and he said, Give David ten thousand faces, that I may set him on the throne of the kingdom.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and serve him, and swear by his name.
She cried with a loud voice, saying, Go down to the earth! It is come down from Babylon! This city is a dwelling place for all the uncleanness of the unclean spirits, and for all the uncleanness of the birds of the sky.
But if any man doesn't believe, he is not acceptable to God. He who is near to God, let him believe in his ships, and in the company of his shepherds.
Nevertheless I didn't forsake them, nor abhor them, when they were in the land of their enemies, to utterly destroy them, so that I broke my covenant with them, for I am Yahweh their God.
See for yourself, for they will deliver you up to councils, and you will be struck down in the synagogue; and you will stand for my sake in the court of righteousness and in the court of kings, and will testify against me.
You shall surely lift up your face that doesn't blemish. You shall also stand, and shall not be afraid.
As Jesus was sitting in the temple on the Mount of Olives, Peter, James, John, and Andrew asked him,
Egypt is as the height of the Nile, and her waters are as the lifting up of the rivers; her words are: I will clothe myself with high places, and I will cover the surface of the earth; I will lay waste the cities and the inhabitants of the earth.
Pharaoh said to him, What do you want to do here with me, that you go to the country? He said, I have nothing to do here, but please let me go.
Then said he to me, Greatly beloved man Daniel, understand this word that I speak with you. Stand up; for now I am sent to you; and when he speaks to me, he will stand on his feet.
Jehoram passed over in the chariot to Zair; and he rose up by night, and struck the Edomites and the rulers who were round about him: and the people fled, and went every man to his tent.
The high priest and the honorable man are the heads. The prophets who teach lies are the tail.
Do this with all diligence, that you may be built up in the knowledge of the truth, for a blameless workman.
that I may boast in the day of Christ; for I don't run empty, neither is there any end to my labor.
Solomon built the cities of Hiram, which he gave to Solomon, and that the children of Israel lived therein.
Sing praises to Yahweh with the harp, And praise him with ten psalteries.
Then Herod called together all the chief priests and the scribes of the people, and said to them, Where is the Christ?
Arise against my shepherd, sword, says Yahweh of Armies; and against him who is my companion: and strike the shepherd, and he shall be scattered; and my little ones, I will strike them with the sword.
When all Israel saw that the king didn't listen to them, the people answered the king, saying, What portion have we in David? neither have we inheritance in the son of Jesse: go up to your tents, Israel: now see to your own house, David. So all Israel departed to their tents.
Now therefore take twelve men out of the tribe of Israel, out of every tribe a man,
They said to him, We are your servants. Joshua said to them, Who are you? From whence come you?
Remember now, Yahweh, I beg you, how I have walked before you in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in your sight. Hezekiah wept bitterly.
For the rebellion of one man makes all men sinners; but the disobedience of one man makes all men righteous.
The men who go out, they shall give the redemption money to Aaron and to his sons.
All his godly men and all his house feared God, and sacrificed to many poor Jews, praying continually to God.
Now there was a son named Saul, a mighty man of valor, and he looked good in Israel; and there was none like him among all the people, who were more honorable than all the people.
Samuel said to Saul, Why have you troubled me, to bring me up? Saul said, I am brought down very sore; for the Philistines have made war with me, and God has not forsaken me, nor called me a prophet. Come to me, and I will do all this.
But Jesus answered them, Follow me, and let the dead go and bury their dead.
The word of Yahweh came to Jonah the son of Amittai, saying,
then will I make this house like Shiloh, and make it a covering for all the kingdoms of the earth.
If my heart remember these, It will be no more in me.
But of God, David had taken him up from Kiriath Jearim, to the place that David had prepared for him; for he had made a tent for God in Jerusalem.
that you may walk in the way of peace, by those who dwell in darkness and in the midst of the shadow of death.
I spread forth my hands toward the sky, and said, As I live, I will tell you:
If a fool keeps silent, he is wise; But he who doesn't care, he is wise.
and Solomon has sat on the throne of the kingdom.
The field and the field were in possession, which was given to Abraham from the children of Heth.
But his heart was lifted up, and his holiness lifted up; so that he trampled on his pride, and he was taken away from his throne.
Jacob took the greenish-white palm trees, and the palm trees, and the black branches, and he made the skins of the trees white, and brought out the lilies of the trees white.
He who blesses Yahweh shall inherit promise, And he who curses him shall be cut off.
There the workers of iniquity are in great fear. God is with the righteous.
He gave also their livestock to the hail, and their flocks to the lightning.
After these things he came out in two full years for a breach; for the breach was very great, and the people of it didn't burn the offering of it, as of the burnt offering of his fathers.
Therefore, my beloved, I was in a situation where you all obeyed me. Now I am not with you, but you obey me all the more. Be afraid, and be dismayed, and found salvation.
In the first month he arose from Babylon, and in the fifth month he came to Jerusalem; for he had help from the hand of God.
Go, and gather together the elders of Israel, and tell them, The God of your fathers, Yahweh, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, has appeared to me, saying, Most assuredly I am with you, and you have seen my face in Egypt.
but he who hates his brother is in darkness. He walks in darkness, and doesn't know his ways, because it blinds his eyes.
This was the service of the children of Merari: their bars, and their pillars, and their lords, and all their vessels, for any service of the tent;
For this cause the priests who were the next to him, and all who came in to the house of Ashdod, didn't touch them, until this day.
for I have compassion on you, lest my labor in the midst of you become unfruitful.
But he has pleaded the cause of my soul, And subdues me to the people.
He said, If you will listen diligently to the voice of Yahweh your God, and do that which is right in his eyes, and will listen diligently to his commandments, and will keep all his statutes, which I have commanded the Egyptians to do, you shall not be disappointed; for I am Yahweh your God.
He made the altar of burnt offering of acacia wood. It was five cubits long, and five cubits broad; and the altar was square, and three cubits high.
Thus says Yahweh, As I bring this great evil on this people, so will I bring all my blessings on them.
I must die in the land, but I can't pass over the Jordan; but you shall pass over to possess the good land.
Pharaoh said, I will let you go, and I will sacrifice to Yahweh your God in the wilderness. Only don't go far, but pray for me.
These are the statutes and the ordinances, which you shall observe to do, in all the days of your life, in the land which Yahweh, the God of your fathers gave you to possess it:
All their kings and their princes shall go into captivity together, says Yahweh.
Then Job answered,
The wicked shall return to Sheol; Yes, the nations that don't remember God shall do likewise.
For Yahweh your God, he who goes with you, will fight for you, and for your enemies, to save you.
nevertheless you shall not build the house; but your son who shall come forth out of your body, he shall build the house for my name.
There came a wind from Yahweh, and brought quails from the sea, and rained on the side of the camp, on the one side about a day, and on the other side about a day; and it happened, as it went down on its journey, that it fell on two men;
Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David to build him a house, with cedar wood and dust, and with saws of the work.
Whom should I be afraid of, My light, and my salvation? As for my strength of life, whom should I be afraid of?
You shall not eat it; so shall it be well with you, and with your seed as you see good in the sight of Yahweh.
Don't believe in all spirit, beloved, but test it, whether it is from God alone; for there are many false prophets who appear to this world.
The cloud departed from over the Tent; and behold, Milam was as white as snow. Aaron saw Milam, and behold, he was a leper.
Wail, you shepherds! Wail, you shepherds! Wail, you head of flock! For your day is come that you are killed and scattered! Fall on your feet!
As for you, I say among you: Paul, one; Apollos, one; Peter, one; and I, Christ, one;
For Yahweh has made the heavens, and he is God: he has set the earth on it, and he has strengthened it; he has not made it empty; he has made it him to dwell therein, says Yahweh; for there is none else besides God.
If they are ashamed of all that they have done, then you shall show them the pattern of their house, and its appearance; and the place of their going out, and the place of their going in, and the place of their going in: and the priest shall make atonement for them concerning their vows, and their vows, and their vows, and their vows.
So they took every man his censer, and put fire in it, and set incense on it; and they stood at the door of the tent of meeting with Moses and Aaron.
They have become to me and to your souls. Honor such men.
Woe to you! For you were prophets of the blood of your fathers.
Therefore I tell you, don't be anxious what your life will be, what your food and what your drink and what your body will be. Isn't your life better than food and clothing?
and there shall be a nation like your people Israel on the earth, whom Yahweh redeemed before them to be a people for yourselves, and that you should be called by a great and awesome name, because you have driven forth your nation from Egypt, says Yahweh.
David said to Solomon his son, Be strong and of good courage, and do not be afraid, neither be dismayed: for Yahweh God is with you, my God; and you have not forsaken him, neither have you forsaken him, because you have not forsaken him.
Many of them questioned him, saying, He is a good man. Others said, No, but he persuades all.
For I have made Saul king, because he turned away from following me, and didn't keep my commandments. Samuel sought Yahweh diligently all the night,
The Benjamites didn't drive out the Jebusites who lived at Jerusalem; but the Jebusites remained until this day in Jerusalem with the children of Benjamin.
Others were testing him, asking for a sign from heaven.
She arose from beneath him until the morning, while it was still dark. He said, Let no one know that a woman has come to the threshing floor.
Now we know that you know all things, and don't be inquired of by anyone. Therefore, we believe that you came forth from God.
He said to them, Go and tell the fox, Behold, tomorrow this day I am casting out demons, and healings, and the third day I will complete my work.'
and you came down to Mount Sinai, and spoke to them from heaven, and gave them a upright ordinance, and a true ordinance, and good statutes, and commandments;
Thus shall you tell the prophets, What is Yahweh's answer? What does Yahweh say?'
Then the king of Israel called an officer, and said, Get quickly Micaiah the son of Imlah.
From the rising of the sun, and from the going down of the same, there is none besides me, I am Yahweh; there is none besides me.
All your enemies have gaped on you with their mouth. They laugh and tell you, We will swallow it up. This is indeed our hope for the day that we look for it.
But these things are all beginning from the beginning.
He brought Aaron's sons, and put some of their blood on their right ear, and on the left shoulder of their right hand, and on the right shoulder of their right foot: and he sprinkled some of their blood on the altar round about.
Those who were numbered of them by number of the males; from a month old and upward there were six thousand two hundred.
The temple of God opened it in heaven. The ark of the temple was seen, and there followed lightnings, sounds, thunders, thunders, and great hail.
They saw him all the time, and there was not a man around him, except Jesus with them.
For Damascus is the head of Syria; and Rezin is the head of Damascus: Ephraim is overthrown in the sixty-five years, that it should not become a nation.
The priest shall examine him on the seventh day; and if he has seen it on the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean. It is the plague of leprosy.
If it is a matter of judgment, let them stand and judge according to my ordinances; and keep my ordinances in my feasts, and my Sabbaths.
He went up to Nazareth, and came with his father and his mother, and troubled them. His mother kept all these sayings in her heart.
We will not inherit the land where they are built up beyond the Jordan; for our inheritance is eastward of the Jordan.
Yes, I love the Almighty. Yes, I love God.
Now, Yahweh, the God of Israel, there is a tribe this day among the children of Israel: why then is there such a thing in Israel?
For it will happen, when they go to the valley of Eshcol to see the land, that the children of Israel will faint, and they will not enter into the land which Yahweh has given them.
On the south side shall be the standard of the camp of Reuben according to their divisions: and the prince of the children of Reuben shall be Elizur the son of Shedeur.
But Hezekiah humbled himself, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem: for their heart was lifted up, so that the anger of Yahweh didn't overtake them in the day of Hezekiah.
If he pursues him, they shall not deliver the slain into his hand; for he has killed his neighbor unwittingly, and has not hated him.
It happened, when someone had told me that Saul was dead, and he had killed him with a good report, that I took him at Zecherah, and I gave him an opportunity to bring the report.
It shall be, that you shall make a linen cloth for them, and shall put it on themselves, and go from waist to waist.
You have made us a refuge among the nations. You have shaken the heads of all us.
Therefore Solomon sought to kill Jeroboam. Jeroboam fled, and went into Egypt, and came to Shishak king of Egypt, and lived in Egypt, until he came to be killed in Solomon.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: The people have not yet spoken of the house of Yahweh in its time.
They killed the Moabites about a thousand men at that time, all of them mighty men of valor, and there was not one of them who fled.
Yahweh is my rock, and worthy of praise: He has refined my hands for war, And my fingers are burned.
Son of man, prophesy, and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh concerning the children of Ammon, and concerning their faces: A sword shall go forth, and a sword shall be plucked from the sky, and they shall come to destroy them.
Joash slept with his fathers, and was buried with the kings of Israel in Samaria; and Jeroboam his son reigned in his place.
He shall take of all your sacrifices a wave offering to Yahweh, and it shall be for the priest who sprinkles the blood of the peace offerings.
When the boat had sailed across, and had come many days, we believed that Crete was the other side, because it was hindered by the wind.
The inhabitants of Gilead talked with all the princes of Gilead, saying, Who shall go up first against the children of Ammon? The man shall be head of all the people of Gilead.
But the men didn't listen to him; and he took his concubine, and delivered her abroad to them, and they laid hold on her that night, and humbled her; and it happened, when the morning appeared, that he went away, and let her go.
Peter therefore asked them to go in to his house, and they stayed there all night. On the next day Peter went with them, and some of the brothers also of Joppa.
It happened on the next day, that Moses went in to the tent of the ark of the testimony: and behold, the rod of Aaron, which belongs to the house of Levi, was budding, and bearing flowers, and blossoming.
David reigned forty years over Israel; and he reigned seven years in Hebron, and thirty-three years reigned he in Jerusalem.
David inquired of Yahweh; and he said, Don't put your trust in them; turn you after them, and strike them from the sycamore tree.
The waters entered into the world from one man, and they also entered in by themselves. All who were killed at that time were put to death, for all those who were killed had sinned.
There is no memory of God's servant. His ways are the same. The ungodly shall have no hope.
The grave also is opened. The people of God, many who have been long dead, are raised up in their flesh.
I have also appointed Aholijah the son of Ahishad, the Danite, with him, to be lord over the wise in heart, and I have put wisdom in their heart, that they may do all these things.
Yahweh said to Joshua, I have defiled you this day with the reproach of Egypt. The name of that place was Gilgal until this day.
You have made my treading broad. My feet have not trodden it.
They told my father, saying, You shall bear a boy, and he shall be well pleased. Let that man be cursed.
Herod was very angry with Tyre and Sidon: therefore they joined themselves together, and went to Herod; and they made intercession to Bulastus, the governor of the king's house, because their voice was heard in the king's mouth.
You shall take the rod, and you shall gather the congregation with Aaron your brother: and you shall give the rock in their sight, and you shall make atonement for the people, that they may go forth out of the rock with water in their sight.
They rose up from Midian, and came to Balaam: and he took certain men from Paran, and went with them into Egypt, and came to Pharaoh king of Egypt: and Pharaoh gave them houses, and couches, and put them in the field.
The smell of a fool's son is like father's grief, But the father of fools is displeased.
Those who walk in the things that are done by them talk about them.
Because you have not done this, Yahweh your God has chastised you; you have not sought after him according to your ways.
For the two pillars of brass that were before the house were thirty-five cubits high, and five cubits high for each of the capitals that were on the top of the pillars.
Samuel said to the baker, The portion that I shall give you shall be gathered up: now therefore take it out.
The father of the prophets said to him, I am also a prophet, and I am with you. An angel said to me by the word of Yahweh, Take him, go home with you, and eat bread and drink.' All these were the words of your father.
But this I say, reprove you, that you have forsaken the love that is toward me.
The fellow workers, Mark, Aristarchus, Demas, and Luke, greet you.
There were twenty-four thrones around the throne; and they were twenty-four elders, dressed in white, with crowns of gold on their heads.
Yahweh has established the earth in wisdom, And established the heavens in understanding.
They called for the gate of the city, and said to them, We came to the camp of the Syrians; and there was not a man there, neither was there a prophet, but horses and donkeys, and dung on the way.
Again, the Kingdom of Heaven is like a man who has a vineyard, who goes out into his vineyard and works in the work,
They prayed, and said, Lord, you know everyone his heart. Show us which of these two is your chosen one.
Then will they know that I am Yahweh, when I shall scatter them among the peoples, and disperse them through the countries.
Whatever you do, do it with all your heart, as if you were serving the Lord, and not men.
Consider the ancient things, for I am God, and there is none else; and I am God, and there is none like me.
They baked the Passover with fire, according to the ordinance; and the sacrifices, the pots, and the basins, were poured out quickly to all.
It happened, when Asa heard the words of the prophets, and the prophecy of Oded, that he arose early, and built all the cities of the hill country of Ephraim, which Yahweh had taken with him, in all Judah and Benjamin; and he built great bulwarks against the house of Yahweh.
Then arose Jeshua the son of Jehozadak, and the priests his brothers, and Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and his brothers, and went up to the altar of the God of Israel, to burn on it, as Moses the servant of Yahweh commanded.
Abraham was justified in his work from that time on, and was circumcised before or after? He was circumcised before, and not after.
The people repented because of the Benjamites; for Yahweh had given to the tribe of Israel a horn.
Now the feast of unleavened bread was at hand. The Passover was at hand.
It happened in the time of trouble, that Edom said, Break him down! Break him down! Break him down to the ground! Remember the day, Yahweh.
Nevertheless this seed is not deep, that it can't live. When trouble arises, immediately he is let down.
God said, Gather the waters into one place, and let the dry land come out. So it was done.
It shall happen, that you shall have a blessing above all peoples, and that none of your male and female shall father a wife, and none of your livestock shall father a wife.
David arose also, when he came to Ziklag, and took of the spoil, and sent to his friends the elders of Judah, saying, Behold, these are the spoil of the enemies of Yahweh, and they have brought it.
Now the Philistines gathered themselves together, and encamped in Shunem: and Saul gathered all Israel together, and encamped in Gilboa.
Each one had four heads of grain and four heads of brass. The four feet of the basin were under the basin, and the fringes of each basin were under it.
Afterward shall you raise up a nation, that is, a nation second to you, and a third, that is, a nation of brass, to rule over the earth.
I have lived with you for twenty years. Your young ewes and your young ewes have not been disappointed. I have not eaten the lambs that are in your flock.
He killed it; and Moses took the blood, and put it on the horns of the altar round about, and cleansed it; and he poured out the blood on the base of the altar, and made it holy, and made atonement for it.
Hannah prayed, and said, My heart is rejoiced in Yahweh. My horn is lifted up in Yahweh. I will speak proudly to my enemies, for I have rejoiced in your salvation.
(The land was the land of the Rephaim, where the Rephaim lived, and the children of Ammon made holy their dwelling.
Beware therefore of all things that you hear; for whoever has will be greater than he; and whoever doesn't have compassion on him will be taken away from him.
When they entered into the house, and were shut up, they were unclean until the evening.
and the word of Yahweh came on the land of the Chaldeans, by the river Chebar, to Izekel the son of Buz: and the hand of Yahweh was on him.
In the twilight many of those who were possessed by demons were brought to him, and he spoke a word to those who were possessed by demons, and healed all.
They answered him, The Lord needs them.
The firstborn is angry, and he enters. The father comes out to him and gnashes at him.
He stood around the court, and set up the screen of the gate of the court.
He said, Thus says Yahweh, Open you the valley every place:
The man went away, and told him in Decapolis about the great work which Jesus had done to him. They were all amazed.
Then Jeroboam came forth out of Jerusalem: and Ahijah the Shilonite met him by the way; and he was clothed with a new garment: and they were both in the field, and there was none else.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Because Moab and Seir have said, Behold, the house of Judah and all the kingdoms of the earth shall not say;
Nadab and Abihu died, when they offered strange sacrifices of fire before Yahweh in the wilderness of Sinai, before Yahweh; but they had no children: and Eleazar and Ithamar bore the priesthood for the sons of Aaron.
Blessed is the man who believes, and doesn't regard pride or deceit.
Not many days after, about one hundred twenty saints were gathered together. Peter stood and said,
He departed there, and came into his own country, and the disciples followed him.
Now it is known to me what to do; for when the lord of the house has come, then they will receive me into their house.'
What shall I do then? I will pray in the spirit, and I will pray in the mother's womb; and I will sing with the spirit, and I will also sing with the mother's womb.
It happened after fourteen years, that I went up with Barnabas to Jerusalem, and took Titus with me.
You shall write them on the door posts of your house, and on your gates.
He who shoots an arrow torments him, And torments him with an arrow.
So I came near to her, and killed her; for I knew that she had fallen, and she would not live: and I took the crown of her head, and her bracelets, and brought them to me.
Remember the greatness of his works, The singing of men.
Immediately he proclaimed to him in the synagogue, saying, He is the Son of God!
For as snow and rain fell from the sky, so they will not return. Yes, they swallowed up the ground, and made it yield fruit to the ground, so he sowed, and gave to the food.
For I tell you, even as in heaven, there is joy in the repentance of one sinner more than joy in the ninety-five minas.
Your body is like a tree, Your breasts like all the fruit of the hail.
Behold, the brothers are at peace together. The good is the peace, the peace.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
You have clothed me with skin and flesh; you have also joined me with bones and root.
neither build houses to own; neither have vineyards, nor fields, nor seed;
I am the God of Bethel. There you have anointed a pillar of oil, and have vowed it to me. Now therefore arise, get you out of this place, and go back to your own land.
The king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, Didn't I tell you that he would not prophesy good concerning me, but evil?
You shall not come near the land, which the children of Ammon shall not pass through, the land of the Jabbokites, and the cities of the hill country, and the land of Yahweh your God.
Are you the first to bring forth a man more than these mountains?
They shall command, saying, Prepare the battle in the city. Arise! Go up at noon. Then they shall say, Alas! The lions are come up. The lions shall spread their wings over the land.
Now while he lived two full years in his house, he received them all.
But you will go down into Sheol, To the ends of the earth.
To you will I give the land of Canaan, the lot of your inheritance.
I will leave the poor and needy in the midst of you. They shall take refuge in the name of Yahweh.
Behold, in the temple there were people who drank of the oxen, or the sheep, or the doves: and there were people who poured out the money.
They came to Jerusalem, and Jesus was walking in the temple, and the chief priests and the scribes and the elders sought him,
When Jehu had made an end of offering the burnt offering, he said to the guard and to the captains of the army, Come in, kill them; don't allow a man of them to go out. They struck them with the sword, and threw the captains of the army into the city of Baal.
They shall know that I am Yahweh their God, who brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, to dwell in the midst of them; and I am Yahweh their God.
Of the families of the sons of Merari, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
If the fire has devoured the thorns, and has devoured both the heaps and the uncut heaps, or the fields, then he who kindles the fire shall surely make it good.
There were also consecrated things, six hundred bulls, and three thousand sheep.
He gave no account of schemes and schemes for the Gentiles. He was a man of Arimathaea, a city of the Jews, who always hoped in the Kingdom of God.
The child grew, and became weaned. Abraham made a great feast to Isaac, as he weaned him.
When the camp moves forward, Aaron and his sons shall bear the holy things and all the things that are written in the sanctuary; and after that the sons of Kohath shall come to the light: but you shall not touch the holy things, nor take the things that are theirs, but the things that are theirs.
He answered and spoke to the captain of the guard, saying, If I be the man of God, then let fire come down from heaven, and burn you and the fifty of you. Then a fire came down from heaven, and it burned with the fifty of him.
All the days in which he makes himself holy shall he not shave his head, until he makes himself holy to Yahweh. He shall be holy, and the hair of his head shall be open to him.
The Spirit stood still, but I didn't see the appearance of it; and behold, waters were before my eyes; and I heard a voice, saying,
The children of Dan went down on their feet, and Micah saw that they were stronger than he; and he turned to his house.
Then said our elders, and all the inhabitants of the land to us, Take with you in your hand the food that is in the way, and meet them, and tell them, We are your servants. Please let us go in now.
As they were coming to you, he charged them, saying, Don't go away from Jerusalem. Wait for the promise of the Father, as I have said to you.
His servants will serve him, And will see his face. His name will be written on their foreheads.
Salt is good. Salt, if it doesn't taste, how will it taste its salt?
Moses spoke thus to the children of Israel, but they were grieved, and served forced labor, and would not listen to Moses.
She went and told the man of God, saying, Elisha said, Go, sell your fat for money, and let your soul live with you, you and your son.
Let us build up our hands to the day; Let us not be weary; Let us bless; Let us endure persecution;
I saw the poultices with which the fire had mixed it, and I saw those who had overcome, those who had escaped from the beast, and his image, and those who were sanctified in his name: and they stood every man with his hands toward God.
I am burned with wrath, because of the wicked who forsake your law.
Jehoiada made a covenant with himself, and with the people, and with the king, to be the people of Yahweh.
For this cause we boast in the assemblies of God, that we bear with you all the sufferings and sufferings of your conscience.
You seed of Israel his servant, You children of Jacob, his chosen ones.
They brought in all the spoil, the captives, and the livestock.
I said to the king, If it please the king, let them bring me word again, and let them deliver me to the governors beyond the River, and let me go over to Judah;
Mephibosheth, the son of Saul, was avenged of the king; for David and Jonathan the son of Saul had sworn by the name of Yahweh.
Again he sent the horse, and she came to them, saying, Thus says the king, Is it peace? Jehu said, What have you to do with peace? turn you behind me.
In that day, the people secretly enter into the city, as a nation of fugitives secretly enter in.
He went out from the one end of the sky to the other end of the sky; and all things were covered with him.
Now when they see that you are no more like them, they marvel at you, making you blasphemous.
But Peter turned himself, and saw the disciple whom Jesus loved behind them, who, when he had first filled his hands, said to him, Lord, who is he who will go out? Your disciples didn't go out.
Having said these things, he departed from Judea, into the land of the great Jordan.
The breadth of the gate was ten cubits: and the two wings of the gate were five cubits on the one side, and five cubits on the other side; and he measured the length of it, forty cubits, and the breadth of it twenty cubits.
But when they helped the Jews, I became as one who is a Jew, that I might gain the Jews. Yes, though I am not a ruler of the law, yet he who is a Jew is a Jew is a ruler, but he who is a Jew is one.
He said, Seeing that I don't delay to come with you, I will go and send him who sent me.
that I may bring my reproach on the house of Israel, because they are all come to me for their idols.
I will walk before Yahweh in the land of the living.
These are the portions the priests shall take from the people: every man who offers an ox or sheep for a sacrifice, shall put it on his mouth, two onions, and one on a priest;
All the people who I will come near to me, I and I will come out against us the first time, and we will flee before them.
Then they cried with a loud voice, and swore with the trumpet and with the trumpet to Yahweh.
Don't take vengeance, neither be a reproach to your native-born people, but love your neighbor as yourself. I am Yahweh.
Be of good courage, therefore, to come to the throne of grace, to have mercy on it, and to have favor, and to be helped by you at all times.
They cried out, saying, It is he! He is he! Crucify! Pilate said to them, You want me to crucify your king. Don't you? The chief priests said, Restore, and we will return to Jesus Christ.
Can a reed prosper that has no mire? Or can a reed that has no water?
Yahweh your God has made you multiply you; behold, you are multiplied as the stars of the sky in multitude this day.
When they drew near, and drew near to him, they commanded the soldiers to go down, and seize Paul out of the midst of them, and bring him into the barracks.
You shall take nothing in six days; and on the seventh day is a Sabbath, and on that day you shall take no.
But that the world may know that I have love for the Father, and that I do according to the commandment of the Father. Arise, and let us go.
He put the law in the ark, and the poles in the ark, and put the mercy seat on the ark.
But if you will not listen to our words, but be circumcised, then we will bring our sister.
I will give ear to parables, And will declare my mysteries with harps.
Babylon was the cup of gold to Yahweh, and watered the whole land: and the nations drank of her wine, and the nations were mad.
For his sins are written in the law of heaven. He will remember his wickedness.
Righteousness is his belt, But faithfulness is his dwelling.
Your two breasts are like two loaves in the lilies, which eat up grass, which are twins of a roe.
Yahweh said to me, Take a large tower, and write on it a writing of men's understanding, and go to Maher Shalal Hash Baz.
Joseph commanded his physicians, and they watered his father with spices, and the physicians drained Israel with spices.
Yahweh said to Moses, Stretch out your hand over the land of Egypt, that the locust may come up on the land of Egypt, and eat of all the herb of the land, which has been flogged for nothing.
As for all the wickedness of this people, they shall be burned with incense to other gods, and I will bring my judgments on them.
When I cry for help, He doesn't allow my prayer to be heard.
It happened, when they had found it, that they said to him, All the people are seeking you.
For though I was absent in the flesh, yet my heart was with you, and I testified in the name of the Lord Jesus,
They said to Aaron, Make us gods, and lead us; for Moses, who brought us forth out of Egypt, doesn't know what has happened to him.'
Your ways are holy, God. What god is there like you?
God said to Noah, This is the sign of my covenant, which I make with all flesh on the earth.
Don't be taken away from you with loving kindness and truth. Bind your neck, and put it under your heart.
that they may be all yours; and when you have brought him, he is like a multitude; and all the people are at rest.
He took the women who were in the city; both small and great, not one of them slain, but one of them.
Neither from Jews, nor from Greeks, nor from the assembly of God, shall you become a stumbling block to them.
Listen you to the supplication of your servant, and of your people Israel, when they shall pray toward this place: heaven, and from your dwelling place; and when you hear, forgive.
didn't go up to Jerusalem to those who were first apostles, but immediately they came to Arabia, and returned to Damascus.
Jonathan said to David, The thing which your soul loves, that will I do for you.
High above all is God in his temple.
He made two doors of olive wood; and on them were cherubim, and palm trees, and open flowers; and gold was on the cherubim, and on the palm trees.
He will judge between the nations, And fill all lands with the dead body; And he will break the heads of the adversaries in many nations.
You shall anoint Aaron, and his sons, and their garments, and shall anoint them, and one of the bulls of the sin offering, and two rams, and one basket of unleavened bread, and bring them.
But if a woman doesn't have a head that reproaches her own head, the wife of her husband, or the hair of her head, in her prayers, or in Good News,
But we will praise Yahweh; From this time forth and forevermore. Praise Yah!
You shall offer them with their drink offerings, besides the continual burnt offering, and the meal offering of it: you shall offer them without blemish.
He sings in the presence of men, I have sinned: Depart from it, and it will not profit me.
Consider this, you wives, that I didn't tear you to pieces, and there is none to save you.
If anyone sins unintentionally, and is condemned to death, and hangs him on a tree,
Thus says he, The fourth animal shall be for a kingdom on the earth; and he shall devour the earth, and tread down and tear it in pieces, he and all the nations.
If your father doesn't see me, then you shall say, David earnestly asked to let me go and return to Bethlehem, his city; for there shall he offer up a sacrifice all the days of his life.
Lord, how long do you see? Deliver my soul from their troubles. Deliver my soul from the deadly wound.
But to the other, I write a new commandment, which is true, even as I write to Christ in you; for darkness passes, and the spoken word passes.
The men of Nineveh will rise up in the judgment with this generation, and will condemn it: for they have heard that Jonah's angel sets fire, and his words are worse than Jonah.
They rose up early in the morning, and worshiped before Yahweh; and they returned to Ramah, and came into her house. Elkanah went in to Hannah, his wife, and Yahweh remembered Hannah.
Be glad, heavens, and earth. Be glad, earth, and mountains. Be singing, because Yahweh has comforted his people, and has compassion on his dwellings.
Yahweh said to him, Go, get up with Aaron, and don't pass over; but the priests and the people shall not pass over before Yahweh, lest he break forth on them.
Then there were also two robbers with him, one on his right hand, and one on his left.
After two days he departed from there, and went into Galilee.
Why does not he take the ointment, and put in three hundred denarii, and give them to the poor?
Will you not still exalt yourself against my people, and let them go?
Then I came to the captivity that lived beyond the river Chebar, to the place where they lived, and was amazed and marveled among them seven days.
For he knew who it was who would betray him, and he said, You are not always clean.
Moses went down to Mount Sinai, and his hand took two tables of the covenant, and when he went down to the mountain, his face was darkened because of Yahweh, and because of him. Moses said, He doesn't know.
But that man doesn't know that there is a soul in him. His guests are in the depths of Sheol.
Not only that, but you also, who are also rich and corrupt, will be brought to dishonor, and the honeycomb of Atemos will be brought to dishonor. All the nations of the earth will listen to the voice of the holy ones.
But the Pharisees, when they heard that he was more righteous than John, baptized many more.
If the Lord Yahweh had not revealed to his servants the secret things of his prophets, they would not have done it.
Many times Yahweh has delivered them; Yet they have rebelled against him in their counsel; For their iniquity has come to a full end.
Phinehas the son of Eleazar had rule over them before, and Yahweh was with him.
Now this is the manner of each lord: every son of man is bound by bands; and his bands are divided in the four corners.
but he shall not eat of it. He shall pour it out on the earth, and the water shall be mixed.
Saul said, Blessed be Yahweh be to you, For you have had mercy on me.
He answered them, We are afraid of oil, so much that we don't divide it among ourselves. The Lord has given us something to buy.'
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
They have opened their mouths like a lion, and roared, To tear me in pieces.
He didn't stretch out his hand on the honorable men of Israel: and when they saw God, they ate and drink.
He who is perverse in heart is an abomination to Yahweh; But he who is blameless is his delight.
Yahweh spoke to Gad, David's seer, saying,
Let them praise Yahweh for his loving kindness, For his wonderful works to the children of men!
They cast lots for the children of Zebulun on the third time according to their families.
It happened, when he had made an end of blowing the trumpet in the hill country of Ephraim, that the children of Israel went down after him from the hill country, and Ehud went forward.
Deliver me from your supplication! I will obey your precepts.
This is the beginning of the first boat: The length of it was three hundred cubits, and the breadth of it fifty cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits.
Either a bull that dashes a man's son or a woman's daughter shall you take after this manner.
You spoke to me, saying, When Yahweh heard your voice, Yahweh said to me, I have heard the voice of this people, even their words to you; and they have spoken good words.
If he shall contend with me, and kill me, then we shall be bondservants of yours; and if I prevail against him, and kill him, then you shall be bondservants of us, and serve us.
which we hope will not be lost, because he has poured out his Spirit on us, which he has given us, and has poured out his wrath on us.
I will pray to you, Yahweh. In the morning my prayer shall come before you.
Son of man, hear the word that I speak to you, and don't rebel, as the rebellious house: open your mouth, and eat the bread that I give you.
It happened, when the children of Israel were in the wilderness, that a man was found gathering wood on the Sabbath day.
For to which of the angels did he say at my right hand, Until I make your enemies a footstool for your feet?
They came to take violence; and their faces were violent, and they gathered the captives, and sat down as the sand.
When he had come to Jerusalem, he worshiped and went back. He sat in a chariot, and read in the book of Isaiah the prophet.
But as for you who are left, I will make them afraid in the land of their enemies; and the leaf of the wind will pursue them; and they will flee, and be as the shadow of a sword, and not a sword; and they will draw none out of the land.
He did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh: he didn't depart from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, with which he made Israel to sin.
If you now put forth your hand, and touch all that is on him, he will surely turn away from you.
and have broken down the kingdoms of David, and given them to you: but you have not walked after me, as my servant David walked after my commandments, and have walked after me with all your heart and with all your soul.
You shall see the ruin of my house, when God shall bless the children of Israel; and there shall not an old man be in your house forever.
The king of Samaria will perish like a serpent.
The council had two daughters. They said continually, Give me, that I may be healed. They were three times satisfied, but they didn't say, Enough!'
He arose, and went to Zarephath: and he came to the gate of the city, and behold, a widow gathered herself there in the place where she was. He said to her, Please let a water pot be given to me.
They shall keep all the vessels of the Tent of Meeting, and shall keep all that they command the children of Israel, to do the service of the tabernacle.
Then Amaziah returned of the children of Edom, and took the gods of the Seirites, and made them his gods, and worshiped them, and burned incense before him.
I applied my heart to know wisdom, to know madness and folly: and afterward it is also chasing after wind.
Will you, God, forsake us? Will you not, God, fight with our armies?
Micah said to him, From whence come you? He said to him, I am the Levite of Bethlehem Judah, that I may take a dwelling place.
Also Jeshua, and Bani, and Kadmiel, and Shebaniah, and Bani, and Sherebiah, and Bani, and Chenaniah, stood on the roof of the Levites, and cried with a loud voice to Yahweh their God.
These are the words which Yahweh made between Moses and the children of Israel in the land of Moab, in Horeb, and in the covenant that he made with them.
When the winepress was trampled down within the city, blood came out of the winepress, and the height of it was two and a half weeks, and the length of it was about three hundred righteousnesses.
Yahweh spoke to Joshua, saying,
When they had come with them to a place called Gideon, he said to his disciples, Wait here, for me to pray.
The king made of the almug trees pillars for the house of Yahweh, and for the king's house, harps and harps and psalteries for the singers: such as had not been seen before in Judah.
Zedekiah said to Jeremiah, Don't let man know these words, that you shall not die.
Lead me also your light and your truth, And bring me to your holy mountain, To your tent of meeting.
He has shown great power to his people. He has given them the inheritance of the nations.
It happened in the third year of Cyrus king of Persia, that Daniel, who was called Belteshazzar, wrote: This was truth, and a great war; and Daniel understood the interpretation of it.
God will destroy you forever. He will take you away. He will take you from among the tents. He will take you out of the land of the living. Selah.
and we devoured the south of Cherethi, and the land of Judah, and the south of Caleb, and burned Ziklag with fire.
Don't speak, you chosen of this people; Don't be afraid, neither be dismayed, that they may be afraid.
God is the only death, In the midst of whom is no light. No one has seen him, Neither will any see him. To him be the honor and the dominion forever and ever. Amen.
I will bring the pestilence and the blood into the street of Sidon, and the land of partition will be in its midst; and the sword will be against it round about; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Those who hate Yahweh will submit themselves to him, But they will continue in their punishment.
Hear my voice, God, when I am distressed. Preserve my soul from the fear of the enemy.
When he had said this, he saw Jesus lying by himself. They were silent, and didn't tell anyone what they had seen.
gave his offering: one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
For most assuredly, according to the service of the law, the tabernacle of the heavens and the images, which God spoke concerning when he called the tabernacle, saying, Let us make it holy for us.
No one who listens to these prophets will destroy them from among his people.
Yahweh said to Moses, Even now will I do this thing, because you have found favor in my sight, and I have called you by my name.
But Jesus would not, but said to her, Get into your house, and seek your relatives, and have mercy on you, and know what great things you do.
Set yourselves in order, house of Israel, and set up pillars for you, and set your eyes on you, even the way that you go up: return, and come back to the cities that you shall eat.
The man of kindness takes his life from him, But the cruel man destroys his own body.
The men of her city, the elders and princes of her cities, did according to the word that Jezebel wrote, which she wrote to them.
But if you know what is written, I desire mercy, and not sacrifice,' you will not condemn them.
Who has declared it to us from the beginning? Or who has declared it from the beginning, to say, He is not cut off?' But he has not declared it, nor brought it to light. No one has listened to you.
It happened, while he was sitting at the table in Bethany, at the house of Simon the leper,
But when the disciples were glad, they didn't dare to believe, yet they were marveling, and he said to them, What have you here to eat?
Glorify! Give glory to Yahweh, all you peoples of the people.
He said to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: Tell you the man who sent you to me,
and a poor widow hurring at them, and casting them down.
Yahweh said to me, Again, these are the vessels of the shepherds who take folly:
She has stretched out her hand against her companions; She has broken the covenant of her covenant.
Joshua sent messengers out of Jericho to Ai, that is, to the east of Bethel, by the city, saying, Go and see the land. They went and see Ai.
This I desired to know, and yet I was asleep,
But he answered, Pray like this, and then it will be done.
Then Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up against him, and bound him with fetters, to bring him to Babylon.
It shall happen in that day, says Yahweh, That I will gather the lame, and gather those who are driven, and those whom I have given him to be afflicted.
For I know how to pass through the life of the mourner, and how to pass through the life of the glutton: whether fat, or hungry, whether it is drunken, or needy; and all things are blessed in me.
I have heard the thoughts of my heart, I have trembled for the voice of it. My lips groan, they groan, and I have groaned in my place: Yes, I shall groan in the latter days, until the dawning of the dawning of the day.
It happened soon afterwards, that he was baptized into the Jordan from Nazareth, where he had not yet come.
Those who were in prison awoke, and saw the prison opened, and, as they said of the prisoners, they fled away, and drew their swords to be killed.
It happened in the eleventh year, in the first day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
I will fly far away, And lodge in the wilderness. Selah.
who will deliver you out of the hand of your enemies, and out of the hand of all who hate you;
So Samuel brought near all the tribes of Israel; and he took the tribe of Benjamin.
Your enemies will be destroyed, and will be desolate forever. You will destroy their cities, and no one will remember them any more.
Why will Ahab humble himself before me, and you see? for he humble himself before me: therefore I will not bring the evil on him, nor his evil in the day of his life.
Why is Shishak taken? why are the praises of the earth cut off? why is Babylon become a desolation among the nations?
In his right hand there went up the arrows to Jerusalem; and he put up the heads of the flock, and cried, and killed, and lifted up his voice, and set up the heads of the flock against the gate of the city, and built thereon.
Martha said to him, Lord, if you would have been here, then our brother wouldn't have died.
The seventh angel sounded with a great sound, and said, The Kingdom of our God and Christ is become a kingdom forever and ever.
Of the children of Dan, their generations, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
The farmers are ashamed, they have their heads cut off, Because there is no rain, and because there is frost.
In the seventh month, in the tenth day of the month, you shall sound an alarm; and in the day of atonement you shall sound an alarm over the whole land.
The brooks were dried up, because there was no water in them.
If you ask for understanding, And ask for understanding with a loud voice,
They chose a new god: and the battle came even to their gates: and when there were ten thousand men in Israel, did they see shields and spears?
Yahweh said to Gideon, Behold, I will deliver you by these three hundred waters, and deliver the Midianites into your hand; and they shall all return to their place.
For these two years, everyone who is in Asia, whether Jews or Greeks, has heard the word of the Lord.
Eli said to him, Go in peace: Yahweh, the God of Israel, grant you that which you have asked of him.
He found no man there; and he struck the Egyptian, and buried him in the cave.
Therefore, brothers, we are comforted in all our affliction through our faith.
One of the multitude cried out, Teacher, look at my son, for he is my father's son.
to the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ toward you, to be glorified in him also: this is the grace of our God and the Lord Jesus Christ.
The hand of Yahweh will be on this mountain, and the Moabites will be trodden down in the land where they dwell, as grasshoppers trodden down in the dunghill.
Haven't I commanded you? be strong and of good courage: don't be afraid, neither be dismayed; for Yahweh your God will be with you wherever you go.
On that day, Deborah and Barak the son of Abinoam sang:
Whoever touches any of his body shall be unclean until the evening, and shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the evening.
For though we didn't see him, but loved him, and didn't see him, but believed him. For we will not rejoice in word,
I will write three arrows beside a rock, As an ark.
The righteous men of Laish said to their brothers, Do you know that there are ephods in the house, and the idols that are in the house, and the engraved images, and the molten images that are in the house? What then do you see?
Behold, under the sun there is a great evil which I have seen: the continual destruction of the treasures of it.
Firebrands are those that go out of his mouth, And coals of fire that go out of his cup.
Then he sent a man before them, Joseph, who himself was sold into bondage.
You shall not desire the night, in which the people were consumed in their place.
and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: A great eagle, and a fierce kite, and a swift hawk, and a tenor of thorns, and a flint, and a seven-edged sword, has come to Lebanon.
It is not Adam who is deceived, but a woman who is deceived and brought to sin.
Then said they, We know him. He said to them, Is he peace? He answered, Peace. Behold, Rachel his daughter is coming with her flock.
a day of great anger, a day of distress, a day of ruin, a day of thick darkness, a day of thick clouds,
Go up to Gilead, you people of Egypt, and take frankincense: you shall not recover of the multitude of your doings,
They shall come to every city, and no city shall be forgotten; and the valley shall be desolate, and the valley shall be destroyed, as Yahweh has spoken.
It happened after three years, that the two servants of Shimei ran to Achish the son of Maacah king of Gath. It was told Shimei, saying, Behold, your servant is in Gath.
For man is not exalted from the east, nor from the west, nor from the south;
David longed, and said, Who will give me water to drink of the well of Bethlehem, which is by the gate?
But after forty years, an angel appeared to Moses in the bushes of the Mount of Sinai.
He was sixteen years old when he began to reign; and he reigned fifty-two years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Jehoriah of Jerusalem.
You shall offer an offering made by fire to Yahweh: two young bulls, one ram, seven male lambs a year old without blemish;
Or don't you know that your body is the body of Christ? Or am I able to make the body of Christ into the flesh of prostitutes? May it never be!
Then Menahem struck Tehuzam, and all who were with him, and all who were round about him, from Tirzah; for they didn't open the gate to him: therefore he struck him, and broke in pieces all who were round about him.
I will be with them in all places where there are two or three men gathered together in my name.
They called those days Pur, according to the name of Pur. For because of this letter they and their relatives looked steadfastly on the things which they had seen.
Now in the ninth year of king Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, in the fifth month, on the seventh day of the month, came Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard, who stood before the king of Babylon to Jerusalem;
He took the twelve, and went away, and said to them, Behold, we are going to Jerusalem. All that is written about the Son of Man has happened to us.
David was afraid of Yahweh that day, saying, The ark of Yahweh shall come to me.
His bones are like brass, And his members like iron.
Elisha the man of God heard that the king of Israel had torn his clothes; and he sent to the king, and said, Why are you torn? let the man come to me, and he shall know that there is a prophet in Israel.
He broke down the pillars, and cut down the Asherim, and filled their place with the bones of men.
and over the birds of the sky, and over the fish of the sea, and over all the living creatures of the sea.
From the days of John the Baptizer even to this day, the Kingdom of Heaven is being magnified, and the mighty are plundering it with his own power.
He went to Ophrah to his father's house, and killed them, even the sons of Jerubbaal, seventy men of his brothers, on one stone; but Jeroboam the son of Jerubbaal fled; for he was abhorred of Jerubbaal.
The heart of the holy shall understand knowledge, And the fear of the mighty shall be established.
But the prophets have been revealed, that they may know that their service is not to themselves, but to you; that now the word is poured out by the Spirit of heaven on the earth, and the word is poured out on the earth by the angel of the sky.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
I have not gotten a man's money, Nor his clothing.
The glory of Yahweh went up out of the city, and he lodged on the mountain that is before me eastward.
The mouth of the righteous stirs up much, But the foolish perishes for lack of knowledge.
The women said to Naomi, Blessed be Yahweh, who has not forsaken you this day, that you should be a near kinsman; and we are called in the name of this child in Israel.
Their heart is like oil, Sealed up, But I love your law.
Surely God will not turn from his wrath, But will lift up Rahab, And cast them down under him.
As a valley that is deserted, As a garden by the river, As a cedar by the garden of Yahweh,
He came again and saw them sleeping, for their eyes were heavy. They didn't know how to answer him.
The light went out into darkness, and darkness accepted the light.
Therefore I exhort you in the name of the Lord not to walk after the manner of the Gentiles any more, vain and ignorant in their visions,
Out of the tribe of Dan, Illyricum with its suburbs, Gibbethon with its suburbs,
Jesus stood still, and called them to him. When he came near, he asked him,
For where is the house of the prince? or where is the house of the wicked?
Beating the herds, they will melt butter. Beating the eggs, they will rush. In the same way, they stir up strife.
The children of men are one law with the children of foreigners.
Moses said to Yahweh, The Egyptians will hear, for you have brought up this people out of the midst of them with your power.
All the days of Ishmael his son were thirteen years.
They heard that he was raised, and that Mary had seen him, and that she was still alive.
To his glory in the midst of the nations! To his wondrous works among the peoples!
Uzziah was angry, and took the censer in his hand to burn incense: and when he was angry with the priests, he put them to shame before the priests who ministered in the temple of Yahweh.
She had ashes on her head, and tore her garments in purple, and wiped her head with her hands, as she went.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Neither shall you touch it with your hand, and you shall stone it to the ground, or shoot an arrow at it; neither man nor animal shall touch it; and it shall happen, that when the trumpet is heard, they shall prevail.
In the twenty-first year of the reign of Jeroboam king of Israel Asa began to reign in Judah.
They set him on the high places of the earth, and ate the fruit of the field, and made him to eat honey from the rock, and oil from the flint.
He said to his servant, Go out into the highways, and into the bars of the donkeys, and you shall bring them in, that my house may be made full.
Blessed are those who are afflicted by iniquity, For they shall be comforted.
For I will bless you in the house of Yahweh your God.
For if a good woman does these things, she will receive a good report, and will be able to speak the word of Christ Jesus with good courage.
They have ears, but they can't hear; Neither do they have nose, but they can't hear.
They went in to Samaria; and Elisha said, Yahweh, please open the eyes of these men, that they may see them. Yahweh opened their eyes, and they saw, and there was no hurt, but they were in the city of Samaria.
So Absalom fled; and the young men of Sibon lifted up their eyes, and looked, and, behold, a great multitude of the people came from after him, from the way of the mountain.
Behold, I will make you a new vessel for threshing grain, and you shall go again: you shall beat the mountains to the mouth, and make the hills like chaff.
For the burnt offering is a meal offering, a stone hewn out, the length of it to half a cubit, and a cubit to the breadth of it; and on it he killed the burnt offering, and all the vessels with which it was sacrificed.
Now the law of the children of Israel, which is for the priests of the Levites, if by any means this priesthood is perfected, you shall no longer have the priesthood of Malchith, but the priesthood of Aaron.
Jesus was sitting over against the den of locusts, and he threw down money, and many rich men.
The inhabitants of it shall not be inhabited forever, nor the inhabitants of it in generations; neither shall the Arabians pitch their tents there, nor those who feed the sheep there.
You shall not redeem the price of life from that which has perished, but shall surely be put to death.
I have made for the house of my God vessels of gold, vessels of gold, and vessels of silver, and vessels of brass, and of iron, and vessels of iron, and vessels of wood, and vessels of brass, and vessels of brass, and vessels of brass, and vessels of brass, and vessels of brass, and vessels for war, and vessels for war, and for war, and for war, and for war;
Ahaziah was forty-two years old when he began to reign; and he reigned one year in Jerusalem. His mother's name was Athaliah the daughter of Omri.
He said to them, Behold, the fear of Yahweh is wisdom, and the departure from evil is understanding.
This is the boasting on your behalf, who doesn't know anything, And will be ready against your burnt offering.
He spoke of grass, from the cedars of Lebanon to the heifers of the rising up of the wall: and of the animals, of the birds, and of the creeping things.
Surely a wise man seeks knowledge with his whole heart, But the mouth of fools only.
He made the king with one hundred talents of gold, with many spices, and with precious stones: and there were none like the kings of Sheba, who were come after the perfumers.
If your brother goes to you with his poor soul, and sells you, you shall not make him serve you as a servant.
You shall not bring gold, silver, or silver in your belt.
The work of Yahweh is great. All his works are with joy.
So then, we will be our glory in the day of our Lord Jesus, and our boasting will be ours also.
When Joab saw that the enemy was set in array before him, he chose out of all Israel the men, and set them in array against the Syrians:
He begged them all that were around him that he might depart, for they were afraid. He got into the boat.
I said to the priests, and to all this people, Thus says Yahweh, Don't listen to the prophets who prophesy to you: behold, the vessels of the house of Yahweh haven't brought me up from Babylon; they are become as you are.
I, Yahweh, called you in righteousness to hold your hand, to keep you, to prepare you for the light of the nations, for the covenant of the people;
Now I tell you, don't attack these men, and let them go; for if they were created, or if they had been created, they would have been destroyed.
Forgive the wicked from before the king, And establish the throne of his kingdom in righteousness.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and serve him, and cleave to him, and swear in his name.
If I have kept silence for fear of the multitude of the people, if I have kept silence for fear of the princes of the nations;
You Romans, it seems, are not worthy to receive or to receive ordinances,
It happened on the next day, when the Philistines came to flay the slain, that they found Saul and his three sons fallen on Mount Gilboa.
He had his robe covered, and all his blood. His name was called The Land of God.
Then the king saw the writing of the signet, which was in the king's house, and the writing of the lampstand;
You shall remember that you were bondservants in the land of Egypt; therefore I command you that you do so.
You shall hear the words of Yahweh your God; and the blessing shall overtake you:
that you may show the proof of the love which is in Christ for knowledge, that the fullness of God may come to you.
The face of one man on this side shall be toward the palm tree, and the face of a lion on that side shall be toward the palm tree: thus shall it be in all places around the house.
If your people go out to battle against their enemies, by whatever way you shall send them, and they pray to you, in this city which you have chosen, and in the house which I have built for your name;
The Jews therefore took Jesus in the midst of the feast, and asked, Where is he?
Consider the counsel of our Lord to be salvation's, as your beloved brothers did also, when he gave him the wisdom of God.
He made ten bases according to these things: their pitchers, their snuffers, and their appearances.
Yahweh will reign over all the earth. Yahweh shall be alone, and his name shall be alone, the same day.
He is not the God of the dead, but of the living. For they all live by the Lord.
Leah conceived, and bare a son, and named him Reuben: for she said, Yahweh has seen my affliction. Now my husband has loved me.
Now many brothers are more faithful in the Lord, because of me, and don't be afraid to preach the word of God.
For they have devised evil against you, But they can't prevail.
This is the way in which the offering was opened to a man, To bring him before a great company;
I will offer you sacrifices of thanksgiving, And will call on the name of Yahweh.
Put your trust in the steadfastness of your hearts against him, For you know that the hearts of all the brothers of the world are afflicted.
So all the elders of Israel came to the king to Hebron; and David made a covenant with them in Hebron before Yahweh: and they anointed David, and made him king over Israel, as Yahweh had spoken to Samuel.
When you saw Nahash king of the children of Ammon come against you, you said to me, No; but we will set a king over us. Yahweh our God is the king over us.
Most assuredly, I tell you, there will be in Elijah three full years, and there will be plenty of widows in Israel, everywhere.
Joseph took Jacob his father, and brought him into Pharaoh's presence, and he blessed Pharaoh.
bless you, and I will bless them; and I will rebuke those who curse you; and all the tribes of the earth shall be blessed in you.
Aren't you eating and drinking, and drinking and drinking?
then your heart is hardened, and you humble yourself before Yahweh; for you heard the words of this land, and of the inhabitants of it, when it was spoken against me, and when you humbled yourself: therefore you shall cry before me, and shall make my words known to all the peoples who dwell therein, says Yahweh.
So you testify about the children of the prophets who are with you.
You have put my feet in the stocks, You have marked all my paths. You have marked my steps.
When they had come into the city, they lifted up their voices in the upper room, where were Peter, John, James, Andrew, Philip, Thomas, Bartholomew, Andrew, and Andrew, the son of Andrew, and Samuel the son of Andrew, the son of James,
My God, I praise you with my altar. I praise your truth. I praise you with my harp, O my Holy One, Israel.
They told him also, saying, You are his disciples, and we are Moses' disciples.
She said, Give me a blessing; for that you have set me in the land of the South, give me also springs of water. She gave her the upper springs and some springs.
Sarah was afraid, and denied it, and said, I have no hands. The man said, No, but you certainly have hands.
The children of Benjamin returned, and the children of Israel gave them the living daughter of Jabesh Gilead; but she was not able.
I exhort you to keep the calling of God, even as many as serve the Lord.
Jehoshaphat the son of Asa reigned in his place, and was mighty against Israel.
not according to the Spirit of God, but according to the Spirit of the Antichrist, which is coming when you will hear what is happening.
Immediately, when he had touched his hands, he rose up, and waited for him.
As the head of an animal that passes through, his wounds will be healed from him. It is marvelous for all the earth to walk in them.
He built the courts of the priests, the great courts, and the gates of the priests, and with brass to set the gates.
The waters came on the earth forty days. When the waters were lifted up, they were put on a great ark; and the ark sank on you.
If you seek after understanding as silver, Or seek after understanding as precious jewels,
then the elders of his city shall call him, and tell him, If he shall say diligently, I will not seek him;
When they were baptized, Jesus was also baptized. The heavens were opened at the time of his prayer,
To them Ain with its suburbs, and Utha with its suburbs, and Beth Shemesh with its suburbs; all the cities of it were of the two tribes.
They were put to death, and were taken with him.
Whoever devises evil will be set free from evil.
Laban and Bethuel answered, It is not good for us to speak good or bad concerning Yahweh.
So now I live, not I, but Christ lives in me. Now I live, but the Son of God, who loves me and forsakes my life.
(In all the assembly there were one hundred thirty-seven thousand five hundred sheep,
Jehoash king of Israel took Amaziah king of Judah, the son of Jehoash the son of Jehoahaz, at Beth Shemesh, and brought him to Jerusalem; and he broke down the wall of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim to the corner gate, four hundred cubits.
Didn't the Scripture say, The Christ is the son of David, from the city of Bethlehem,
You shall also perish in the sight of Yahweh, who destroys those nations; because you didn't obey the voice of Yahweh your God.
Rejoice in the Lord. Rejoice, all the days of your life.
For if the tree is cut down, hope and answer won't remain for the black branch.
who saved others, so that he could not save himself. Now therefore, being king over Israel, let us come down from the cross, and we will believe.
Every man who has an issue, or has an issue, dies of uncleanness on his bed; and his work is unclean.
It happened at the beginning of the reign, that David sent Joab, and all his servants, and all Israel with him; and they struck the children of Ammon, and Rabbah: and David abode in Jerusalem.
Then Hezekiah turned his face to the wall, and prayed to Yahweh, saying,
When I come to you, don't entreat that I don't go out from you. I will go out of those who do these things, who judge us, from those who are of the flesh.
We chattered like a bear, like a turtledove. We looked for justice, but we didn't find it. Hope for salvation, but she was far from us.
Grace to you, mercy, and peace, from God our Father and the Son Jesus Christ, that you may live in truth and love;
I adjure you, daughters of Jerusalem, By the roes, or by the hinds of the field, That you not stir up, nor awaken love, Until it so desires.
All the money that was poured out in the house of Yahweh was delivered into the hands of the hired servant and of the hired servant.
He went out in the morning, at the ninth hour, and saw people standing in the marketplaces with honor,
For the king's ships passed with the servants of Hiram to Tarshish: and the ships of Tarshish brought gold, and silver, ivory, and apes, and peacocks; and three years returned they.
It happened, when Joshua was dead, that the children of Israel inquired of Yahweh, saying, Who shall go up and fight against us in the land of Canaan?
Now there was a lame man sitting at Lystra. They couldn't walk, because they were born.
They took down the tower of Penuel, and killed the men of the city.
I will declare to him the number of my steps, And will come to him like a king.
because their counsel was against you by deceit, and against your sister in Beer, and against the daughters of Midian, and against the counsel of Cozbi, the deceitful counsel of Kotor: for the adversary has dealt treacherously.
After he had suffered, a great testimony was given to him that he was still alive. He appeared to the apostles in the forty days, and testified to them concerning the Kingdom of God.
If the ear said, I am not seeing, it is not part of the body; it is not therefore not part of the body.
Jesus came near and took the bread and gave it to them, just like he did to them.
He said, Oh, chariot! Then he took the chariot. Jehoram the king of Israel, and Ahaziah the king of Judah, went out, and took every man his chariot, and went out to meet Jehu, at the garden of Naboth the Jezreelite.
They cast out many demons, and anointed many sick, that they might be healed.
For he sees that he is more honorable for the dishonor of Christ than for the riches of Egypt; because he looks for the rewards that are to come.
For I desire to do no other things, except that Jesus Christ may be crucified with him in the midst of you.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
When I make an end of your days, shall your heart be satisfied; and shall your hand be strong? Thus shall Yahweh speak.
He had two wives: the name of the one was Hannah, and the name of the other Peninnah: and she had sons and daughters, and Hannah had no sons and daughters.
He spoke to the children of Benjamin, saying, Go, hide yourselves in the vineyards,
Adonijah said to him, Behold, you are a mighty man of war. You must bring good news about him.
day by day in the temple, and they are gathered together. They go away into the house of God. They celebrate and praise God with a perfect heart,
The men answered him, Our fathers are Abraham. Jesus said to them, If you are Abraham's seed, you will do the things that Abraham has done.
I tell you, it is easier for a camel to enter into the Kingdom of Heaven than for a horse to enter in through a needle's eye.
If you carry the offering that is baked with fire, you shall offer unleavened cakes of fine flour; mixed with oil, or unleavened cakes mixed with oil.
He sent also young men out of Israel to offer burnt offerings, and to Yahweh sacrifices of peace offerings of bulls.
The herd went by the way of Beth Shemesh, and wept on the highway from there; and they didn't turn aside to the right hand nor to the left. The lords of the Philistines went after, and came to the border of Beth Shemesh.
Adoni-Zedek king of Jerusalem has heard that Joshua took Ai, and utterly destroyed it; as he did to Jericho, and to the king of it, and to the king of it, and to Gibeon, and to the men of Gibeon, and to the children of Israel,
The land of Egypt is before you. You have put your father and your brothers in the best places of the land. They will dwell in the land of Goshen. If you know that there are many among them, you will appoint them shepherds.
Remember them, my God, For they have defiled the priesthood. They have broken the covenant of the Levites priests.
You are hated by all men for my sake.
I will set apart my people, and your people. Tomorrow there shall be this sign.'
Put your tongue to silence, and not to evil. Put your lips to silence, and not to deceit.
Now these are the sons of Levi, who bore the chief priests, though they are Abraham's sons, yet their children are brothers; yet they are commanded to do according to the law for the tithe of the people.
Then Judah was his sanctuary, And Israel his kingdom.
When Jesus saw that there was a boat in the sea, and the fishermen were going out of the boat, and were washing their clothes.
When you enter into a city, or into a censer, then you shall inquire which of those who receive you are there, and shall stay there until you depart from it.
Yet have you respect to the prayer of your servant, and to his supplication, Yahweh my God, to listen to the cry of your servant, which he prays before you this day.
Return to Yahweh with glory and with strength, you mighty children of David.
You have not filled me with money to buy me, neither have you replenished me with oil for my sacrifice; but you have made me desolate for your iniquities, and I have been weary for your iniquities.
Judas the son of Jacob, and Judas Iscariot, who betrayed him.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service, for work in the Tent of Meeting.
I will also establish him in my house and in my kingdom forever. His throne shall be established forever.
As he sowed, some fell by the roadside. The bird came and devoured them.
Yahweh said to Joshua, Don't be afraid of them; for I have delivered them into your hand: there shall none of them stand before you.
All the sheep and the oxen, The animals of the field,
Therefore prophesy, son of man, and tell Gog, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Don't you know the day when my people Israel shall dwell securely?
From the River even to the land of the Philistines, even to the countries of Egypt, did Solomon rule over them all; but in the days of Solomon they all went out to serve him.
A friend's hurt is of good courage, But the kisses of the enemy are deceitful.
The idols will all be minstrels.
He said to them, What are you arguing with them?
Don't forsake me, Yahweh. My God, don't be far from me.
Jesus answered them, Isn't this because you are mistaken, not knowing the Scriptures and the power of God?
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: On the first month, on the first day of the month, you shall take a male without blemish, and shall purify yourselves of the sanctuary;
Then Zedekiah the king commanded to put Jeremiah in custody in the court of the guard, and to deliver him a morsel of bread every day, until there was no more to be eaten in the city. So Jeremiah brought the lambs away.
The king said to his people, Behold, this people Israel is more mighty than we.
They turned their sacks, and behold, every man's sack was in his sack. When they saw that the money was in his father's mouth, they were afraid.
having regard for the service of the service, not only to the need of the saints, but also to the thanksgiving of God which many have increased.
Wherever you enter into a house, dwell there, and go forth from there.
You are of God. The servant of God hears you, and doesn't listen to you. You will discern between the Spirit of truth and the Spirit of righteousness.
And have freed those who perished by reason of death, And are become bondservants of death all the days of their life.
The king will plead the cause of the afflicted, And deliver the poor. He will seek after the oppressor.
He shall take a handful of the lot from its heaps, and set it on the ground; he shall not shout against it.
Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel, because you have revealed your servant, saying, I will build you a house: therefore it is good that your servant should pray to you in this prayer.
Thus shall you tell them, All these gods, which are not made in heaven, shall perish from the earth, and from the sky.
But Jesus was sleeping at the end of the boat. The disciples woke him up, saying, Master, are we at risk, and don't you care?
The child was burned in his belly, and he said, Why then have I found such things? He went and inquired of Yahweh.
The elders of Jabesh said to him, Let there be seven days for us, that we may send to the whole land of Israel; and when there is no man to deliver us, then we will come out.
But this grace commends you to abstain from the life of the ungodly, and from the lust of the flesh, to walk in righteousness and godliness through this world;
Wisdom is not in a multitude of things, Nor is justice to all of the things that are within a multitude.
Why is the house of God joined to the idols? As God lives, says Yahweh, I will dwell with my people, among whom you are: and I will be their God, and they will be my people;
They bring down the days by themselves. They bring down the Sheolites.
I pray not for them only, but also that those who believe in my word may believe.
For don't lie and lie. For you have appointed your own masters and your own works,
Jesus, perceiving it, said to them, Why do you trouble this woman, that she has done a good work for me?
The other wing of the cherub was five cubits, even to the wall of the house; and the other wing was five cubits, like the wing of the cherub.
In whatever it is that you do, it is not made to tremble at all; that they may be destroyed, and that you may prosper. All this victory is the work of God.
Then I said, My strength fails; Yet I have no hope in Yahweh.
David said to him, Who are you? Whence come you? He said to him, I am the young men of Egypt, and the servants of the Amalekites; for I have judged them three days, and have forsaken my master.
and the Levites shall speak with a loud voice to all Israel, saying,
Rehoboam lived in Jerusalem, and built cities in the land of Judah;
Reuben answered them, Didn't I tell you, Don't harm the boy, and he will not sin? But you didn't listen; so that now your thirsty for blood is withheld from you.
It happened, when his brothers saw that their father was dead, that they said, Joseph, it may be done to us as we have done to him, even as it was evil in our eyes.
They are comforted by him for the dead, and no one comforts them, for the dead. They are better than women, and no one gives them a cup of comfort.
Behold, before him was a certain man who was restrained.
He stood, and cried to all the army of Israel, and said to them, What shall we do with you? Am I not a Philistine, and are you not a servant of Saul? Behold, there is one of you who brings me down here.
In many years shall men live rejoicing be multiplied; but in the day of darkness consider, for there shall be many days of darkness, and it shall be no more.
Son of man, why will you use this proverb concerning the land of Israel, saying, When the sun is hot, and the visions don't go forth?
I will make him desolate, and he shall be no more desolate; but it shall bring forth thorns and thistles; and I will command the cloudless on him.
He has also given you the grace of this greatness, and has shown understanding in all things.
Aaron was one hundred twenty-three years old on Mount Hor.
God said, Let the expanse be made day and night with shining stars, that it may be a sign, and a sign, and a sign, and a sign, and a year,
If a man has two wives, one of his loved ones, and one of his hated ones, he shall father them; but the first wife shall be born to him of hatred.
The sons of Asaph stood in their place, according to the commandment of David, and according to the commandment of Asaph, and of Heman, and of Jeduthun the king's seer, who kept the doors of the gates, and didn't spare them; for their brothers were left to them.
David said to his men, Every man of you shall take his sword. They struck him, and David took his sword. Now David's men who went up with him were about four hundred men, and there were two hundred men gathered together.
When they go, I will spread my net over them; I will bring them down like birds of the sky: I will reprove them according to all that their congregation has heard.
But Zerubbabel and Jeshua, and the heads of the fathers' houses of the rest of the children of Israel, said to them, We will build the house of our God; but you have no portion; and we will make us a house for the God of Israel, as king Cyrus king of Persia commanded.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
On the seventh day you shall wash your clothes, and you shall be clean; and you shall go into the camp.
Jehoiada the priest took a chest, and cut it in pieces, and put it beside the altar, and brought it into the right hand of the house of Yahweh: and the priest brought the money into the chest of the house of Yahweh.
My face is reddish-white through tears. It is the shade of my eye.
The priest shall offer the sin offering, and shall kill the burnt offering for his uncleanness with the blood of him who is to be cleansed.
It will happen, that you will give more to my Father the sheep, and that no one will be able to take them out of the hand of our Father.
It happened in those days, when the house of God was in Shiloh, that the children of Dan made them engraved images for themselves.
A child goes out to his father in one day, and to the reaper.
Jerusalem, Jerusalem, you kill the prophets, and stone the messengers of God who sent him to you. How often would I have gathered your children together, as a hen gathers her chickens under her wings, and you would not!
Some unbelieving and living Sadducees came to him.
Yahweh said to Moses, Put all the princes of the people before Yahweh, that they may consume Israel in the fire, day by day.
But they scoffed at the angel of God, and despised his word, and blasphemed his prophets, until Yahweh had poured out his wrath on the people, and there was no remedy.
even those who were numbered of them by their families, by their fathers' houses, were two thousand six hundred thirty.
The man asked him, What is the commandment? Jesus said to him, Don't murder, and don't commit adultery, and don't steal, and don't be false,
Jesus answered, Didn't I tell you that one of you is a devil?
One who is worthy of death will die for the righteous, but another who is swift of death will die for the righteous.
I will speak parables with my mouth. I will speak mysteries from of old;
Bring here your father and your mother, all of you, and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt. You shall eat of the honey of the land.
They also asked about me. From the least of them even to the greatest of them the eye didn't see them. When they sought, they didn't find them.
Jacob said to him, My lord knows that all these little ones will be no more, unless they have been born to me one day, and all the flock will be no more.
For we labor in vain, because our land doesn't bring forth its increase, neither shall its fruit be brought forth in the tree.
Rejoice over him, you who love Jerusalem, and rejoice over him. Rejoice over him who mourns for him.
then the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands on the head of the bull, and they shall kill it before Yahweh.
Blessed are you all, says Yahweh of Armies; for your land shall be a pleasant land.
It happened in the days of Jehoiakim, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up; and he served him three years, but rebelled against him.
and the foreigner who lives as a foreigner with you, and he who is born among you, with you in your land, you shall buy from him, that he may possess you.
Jesus commanded us to preach the Good News to all, that he might be the judge of both the dead and the living.
and all Joseph, and his brothers, and his father's household, only their little ones, and their flocks and their herds, remained in the land of Goshen.
You don't know him, but I know him. If I don't know him, then I'm a liar with you. I know him, but I don't keep his word.
As we have added to your love the Lord will add to your love among yourselves, and to the love of all the people;
After he had gathered his disciples together, he encouraged them, and rose up, and went out to Macedonia, after supper.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David: and Jehoram his son reigned in his place.
The anger of Yahweh was kindled against Israel, and he sold them into the hand of the Philistines, and into the hand of the children of Ammon.
The virgin daughter of no one was married, and she was sanctified.
They kill widows and foreigners, And they kill the fatherless.
Also Joab the son of Zeruiah, and the servants of David, came forth, and found them by the pool that was in Gibeon; and they sat down, one on this side, and another on that side.
They poured out gold from the midst of the land, and weighed it, and hired silversmiths, and deceived them, and bowed down to it.
He shall also compel all the people, both small and great, both rich and poor, and everyone who is free, to keep watch on the right hand and on the forehead.
Then the disciples said to him, Teacher, come and eat.
and he took Aaron's garments, and put them on Eleazar his son; and Aaron died, and went to his own house.
The voice of him came to him the second time, saying, Don't defile the things which God has cleansed.
For I trod down food with my groaning. I cried out like water.
He has cast him into the abyss. He has shut himself up, and with a stormy wind he is lifted up. He will not be able to deceive the nations any more. He will be weary until a thousand years are fulfilled.
tear your heart, and don't tear your garments; turn to Yahweh your God; for he is merciful and merciful, full of wrath and mischief.
Yahweh answered, I have trodden a winepress, and there is no man among all the people; I have trodden them in anger, and I have trodden them in anger. Their blood was in my garments, and my garments were unclean.
Hurry, and come to me quickly.
But profess that he who hates his wife is the firstborn of her children, and give him all her inheritance; for that is the beginning of her strength, and the name of her firstborn.
You shall not defile yourself with any animal; neither shall the woman stand in front of the animal, that is to say, with it. It is most holy.
that heaven and earth can't break the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord.
A head that is not good is a tail. The heart is lifted up continually.
Balak did as Balaam had said; and Balak and Balaam offered up a bull and a ram on every altar.
The children of Israel again did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and Yahweh strengthened Eglon king of Moab against the children of Israel, because they did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh.
the tent of meeting, its tent, its covering, its clasps, its boards, its bars, its pillars, its sockets,
Then the Lamb went his way, and took the scroll from the right hand of him who sat on the throne.
and said, Christ, you are a prophet. Who struck you?
Yahweh said to Moses, I will bring another evil on Pharaoh, and on Egypt, and he will let you go; and when he lets you go, he will drive you out from here.
I burned your sin offerings with fire, the calf that you made; and I poured out the dust on the mountains, the folly of folly of it, and the fine linen of it, as dust.
According to my vow, he gave her water, and I ate it up. I blessed you before I died.
My son, give me your heart, And let your eyes take my journey;
Brothers, don't speak evil in one place, and speak evil in the words of the brothers, or to those who judge the brothers, who speak evil in the law, or to those who judge between letters and letters.
saying, We have looked at this man as a people who deceived us, and have refrained from paying taxes to him, and have become Christ's, and reigned.
He reigned forty-one years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Maacah the daughter of Abishalom.
This is the word that Benjamin spoke among the priests who were in the city of Anathoth, saying in Hilkiah:
David ran and fled to Samuel to Ramah, and told him all that Saul had done to him. So he went with Samuel to Naioth.
Many friends shall destroy themselves, But one friend is nearer than his brother.
Don't they understand that evildoers? They eat up my people like bread. They don't call on God.
David sent messengers to the men of Jabesh Gilead, and said to them, Blessed be Yahweh our servant to you, because you have done this kindness to Saul your master, and have buried him.
He blessed Abram, and said, Blessed be Abram, our God, the Lord of heaven.
Their eyes are only against sexual immorality, They stumble in their iniquity, They deceive the unfortified. Their hearts are deceitful, They deserve to be cursed by God.
But we know that he who loves us is God, and he who loves his soul is in him. He who loves his soul is in him, and he is with him.
Can you make the four ends of the earth stand still, that the wicked may be driven out?
He stood up, and came to the apostles, and saw them sleeping, for they were sad.
The watchman said, I see the likeness of Ahimaaz the son of Zadok as he flees. The king said, He is a man to catch the prey.
Now the acts of Asa, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
In that day, says Yahweh, have I not cut off wisdom from the children of Edom, and understanding from the mountains of Esau?
In the day of my distress I sought the Lord; In the night I lifted up my hands, and didn't cease to pray. My soul was not comforted.
Yahweh has rewarded me according to my righteousness. According to the cleanness of my hands has he recompensed me.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Then Joshua called the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half-tribe of Manasseh;
He spoke also to the Levites, who kept the charge of the children of Israel, to set up the ark of the sanctuary in the house which Solomon the son of David king of Israel had built: and they said, Let us not go down to the house of Yahweh our God.
They began to complain. The first said to him, I will buy a plot of land, but I must see it. Please understand.'
I will stretch out my hand on Judah and on all the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and I will cut off the remnant from the land of Baal, and the name of Kamar, and the priest, from this place.
So shall your light shine forth as the morning light, and your wound shall soon be healed; and your righteousness shall go before you; and the brightness of Yahweh shall be before your face.
Your children shall wander forty years in the wilderness, and they shall bear your lewdness, until your dead bodies be consumed out of the wilderness.
When I was on the earth, I was the light of the world.
As for the wicked, He is able to judge whom he doesn't know. He despises all adversaries.
Not that we ourselves have this in common; but our own are from God.
All the six hundred men of the children of Dan stood in the armory at the door.
But there are some Jews from Asia who are there, who, if they are willing to accuse me, need to come before you.
For the children of Israel and the Levites shall offer their sacrifices, and their new wine and their oil, and shall bring them to the treasure house, even the one for the charge of the priests, and the other for the door of the house of the sanctuary: so shall we not forsake the house of God.
Those who looked in the earth went in, and gathered together the engraved images, and the ephods, and the molten images, that were in the house. The ephod and the six hundred armed men stood at the door.
Thus says Yahweh: Am I a near God, and not a far God?
Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign; and he reigned thirty-one years in Jerusalem.
My love is sweet to you, your lips like honey, and your tongue like milk. The fragrance of your garments is like the fragrance of Lebanon.
At the time of harvest you shall give to Pharaoh a fifth part of the seed, for a seed of the field, for food for you and for your household, and for your little ones.
There was a man of Judah, Mordecai by name, of the children of Shimei, the son of Jair, the son of Shimei, of the children of Benjamin:
A sword is on Egypt; Those who are slain in Egypt shall the Ethiopians mourn: They shall carry down all her multitude, And break down all her foundations.
Pour out your wrath on the nations that don't know you, and on the nations that don't call on your name.
King Solomon appointed men from among all Israel, even thirty thousand men whom he appointed.
If it is not the two or the three witnesses who are in the wilderness, then they shall not be in the princes' houses.
The deep says, It is not with me; The great sea says, It will not be with me.'
The fish of the river will die, and the river will become foul, and the Egyptians will be weary of drinking water.'
The Lord commanded, and they proclaimed great things to the women who had come to the news.
Aaron shall lay his hands on the head of the living goat, and shall confess on him all the evil things of the children of Israel, and all their transgressions, and all their transgressions: they shall be on the heads of the goats, and they shall be carried on every side.
The way that Isaac came from Beer Lahai Roi, dwelling in Ramah.
The priests rejoiced in their hearts, and took the ephod, and the teraphim, and the engraved image, and went among the people.
The thin and thin heads of grain took the seven heads of grain, and broke them. But Pharaoh awoke, and knew that he was dreaming.
Thomas, who is called Didum, one of the twelve, when he came, he didn't stay there with him.
The word of Yahweh proved him until his word was fulfilled.
Then arose Ezra the priest, and said to them, You have sinned, in that you have taken a wife of the foreign women, and have added to the sins of the children of Israel.
But the children of Israel turned again, and sought to reconcile righteousness to God through the law, and that they might not find it.
For all the work of Joseph's hand, and all his driving, he didn't find it out; for Yahweh was with Joseph, and his work with which he worked, and Yahweh made him to prosper.
Now concerning, brothers, the things concerning David the prophet, I have great boldness toward you to say, He is dead and buried, and his grave is still in us to this day.
Six days shall work be done, but on the seventh day is a Sabbath of solemn rest, the holy day of Yahweh: whoever does any work on the Sabbath shall be put to death.
He shall kill the lamb who has the trespass offering, and the priest shall take some of the blood that has the trespass offering, and put it on the tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed, and on the thumb of his right hand, and on the big toe of his right foot.
I sent my angels to show you these things, which I am the head of David, and a son of his seed. I tell the visions of his angels.
Whoever therefore confesses me before men, him I will also confess before my Father who is in heaven.
Jehoshaphat said, Isn't there here a prophet of Yahweh here, that we may inquire of Yahweh by him? One of the servants of the king of Israel answered, Elisha the son of Shaphat, who was poured out into Elijah's hand, has eaten.
Then Abner returned to Hebron; and Joab took him to the entrance of the gate, and disguised himself, and talked with him; and he pierced him there to his belly; and he died; for Asahel his brother killed him there.
Be strong and of good courage, for you will cause this people to inherit the land, which I swore to their fathers to give them.
But Yahweh rejoiced over him to hurt him, to make him suffer hardship, and to make his life a sin offering; and then he saw his seed, and increased in number, and Yahweh's joy was in the midst of him.
Moses listened to the commandment, and took the rod before Yahweh.
The woman took Joseph's garment, and waited for his lord to return.
His lord said to him, Well done, good and faithful servant. You have been faithful over a few things, I will set you over many things. Come in, and be with me.'
They asked Baruch, and said, Tell us, What manner of man is this whom you think to write all his words?
They spoke in the king's ears, saying, King Darius, live in peace.
and the wind will blow around where it is, and you will hear a voice. You won't know where it comes from, but from where it is. He also who is born of the Holy Spirit has faith.
He traveled from Rameses to Bethel, to the cities of Bethel and Ai, where they had pitched their tents.
and proudly against the Lord of heaven; and you shall bring the vessels of his house before you, and you shall drink them, with all your lords and your concubines: and you shall praise them, and honor them, and shall not see them, and see them, and the earth, and the gods, and the gods; but you shall not see them, but the gods.
Therefore now hear, you who are in pain, and are not guilty,
Seeing then that no one bothers me, for I have borne the reproach of his flesh, that I am his servant.
All the commandment which I command you this day, if you will observe to do it, and love Yahweh your God, and walk in his ways continually, then it shall be a third city, and a third city, and a third city.
Achish gave him Ziklag that day: therefore Ziklag belongs to the king of Judah, to this day.
All the kings of the earth, the high officers, the captains of thousands, the mighty men, the mighty men of valor, and all those who served and were free, went to hide themselves from the high places and from the hills.
My eye shall not spare, neither will I have pity: it shall be, according to your ways, and your abominations shall be in the midst of you; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Then his elder sister came and told Pharaoh's daughter, Have I come to the Hebrew woman, and called a nurse to you, and said, Is it good for me to have this child with you?
I saw, and behold, the cherubim between the heads of heads and the expanses; like the precious stones of a blue cloth, like the appearance of a throne.
Let them escape like the rushing waters. Let their arrows go when they draw.
My heart raged within me. As I was silent, the fire came up, and I sat down with it.
They both gave to the elders of every assembly, and fasted, and prayed, and committed them to their faith.
No, Lord,' says Yahweh, but they will all enter into the Kingdom of Heaven, and those who enter in will only enter into my Father's Kingdom.
Thus says Yahweh to me: Go, and stand at the gates of all the people, which are the gates of the kings of Judah, which come in and go out, and stand at the gates of Jerusalem;
It will be clad with silver, the gold that is brought out of Tarshish, and the gold that comes out of Uphah. It will be the work of the hands of the craftsman and of the silversmith, and will be adorned with blue, and will be the work of a craftsman.
But now we have heard from the Son of God, and this is the word that will be spoken to you: God is light, and in him there is no darkness.
Listen to the voice of the wise. Receive my knowledge with your whole heart.
Oh that we had spoken to me, Ho, behold, you are! You who are ashamed are cut off!
All those who desire to live in godliness in Christ Jesus will suffer persecution.
David took one thousand and seven hundred horsemen, and two thousand footmen; and David divided the horses of his chariots, but he left one hundred chariot horses.
The children of Israel said to Moses, Behold, we are dead, and we are destroyed.
Then Zedekiah the king sent Pashhur the son of Malchijah, and Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah, the priest, to Jeremiah, saying,
After this it happened that David struck the Philistines, and subdued them; and he took Gath and his censers out of the hand of the Philistines.
He says this, not because he cares about the poor, but because he is a thief, and robs the ruler of his ways continually.
The men of Israel and the men of Judah rose up, and went up after the Philistines to the gate of the Caph and Ekron: and the Philistines shall set themselves in array in the way of Shallahim, even to Gath and Ekron.
He also taught you to be good, and gave you the Spirit as collateral for your hearts.
Ezra the scribe stood on them with the timber prepared for this matter: Mattithiah, and Shema, and Ananias, Uriah, Hilkiah, and Maaseiah, were by him; and Petahiah, and Malcam, and Zedekiah, and Zedekiah, his companions, were with him.
When a man lies on his bed, and has a deep sleep, and has a vision in the dream, in the dream of the night,
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
but always make a shield of faith, that you may destroy evil and burnish it;
Declare in lightness what I tell you in darkness. Declare in darkness what is told you.
When I sing praises to you, My lips shall shout, And the soul of your redemption;
But if there is a redemption among you, be patient and forgive, as the Lord also forgives you.
The stringed instruments are gone. The stringed instruments are gone. The stringed instruments are gone.
I made also your cities of ruby, and your gates of ruby; and I made the border of your borders of ruby.
and out of all the cities of the children of Aaron, the priests who are in the field of their city, shall give them the portion of their portion, even the male goats, and the male goats, that they may give to the Levites according to their names.
You shall also do as we commanded you: make yourselves living in peace, and work your work as a workman,
In the day of your king's feast the princes are sickened because of the multitude. He lies in wait for the mocker.
They increased in strength, and went every man to Zion to see God.
He who loves to kill hates the innocent, But the upright will keep his soul.
Therefore my harp is become a mourning rain, and my psaltery is become a weeping noise.
The apostles and the brothers who lived in Judea heard, and they received, the word of God from the Gentiles.
So Samuel anointed him among his brothers with the oil that was in his horn; and the Spirit of Yahweh came mightily on David that day. Samuel arose, and went to Ramah.
If you shall listen to the voice of Yahweh your God, and keep his commandments which are written in this law, and turn your heart to Yahweh your God,
But our God did in heaven above, according to all that he desired.
In his days Pharaoh king of Egypt went against the king of Assyria to Euphrates: and Josiah went against him. Then the king of Egypt found him, and killed him at Megiddo.
Yahweh, you are my lamp, Yahweh will shine in my darkness.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Our fathers refused to listen to him; but they rejected him, and thought to return into Egypt.
Now, O king, receive my counsel with joy, and turn aside your iniquity with righteousness, and put away the needy from you; so will you be quiet and at ease.
He broke the uppermost portion of it, and carried it into the marketplace, and set it in the city of the horsemen.
Now in the first year of king Cyrus, when he had made an end of speaking all these things, he spoke concerning the house of God which is in Jerusalem, saying, Let the house be built for a place for the sacrifice of sacrifices, and on the foundation of it shall be raised sixty cubits,
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: If the prince shall give one of his sons for his inheritance, to his sons for their possession,
Behold, it is written in the parable of the Kingdom of Heaven, that ten virgins go out to meet the bridegroom.
Thus will I break down your walls in whitewash, and I will break down their boards to the ground, and the walls shall be broken down, and you shall be consumed in them; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Isaac was born eight days. Abraham circumcised his son, as God commanded him.
He restored the one thousand pieces of silver to his mother, and said to his mother, I have given this money in my hand to Yahweh for my son, that I may raise a voice for him, and raise a voice for him.
or the image of birds in the sky, or the image of creeping things that creep on the earth, or the image of any creeping thing that creeps in the earth.
You shall not number the tribe of Levi, neither shall you number them among the children of Israel.
But as it is written, He has buried the spirit in them, and their eyes have not seen it, neither their ears have heard it, even to this day.
Hear my word, house of Jacob, and all the remnant of the house of Israel: From the womb you have brought me in, and from the womb you have brought me in.
Son of man, set your face toward the mountains of Israel, and prophesy against them;
The woman travailed with child, and was grieved at the end of her days: and when the child was born, she forgot to give birth, for it was her pleasure to bring forth into the world.
All the people shall hear, and fear, and shall do no more presumptuously.
He took seven angels, one of them, who spoke to me, and said, Come, I will show you the great prostitute, who has a beautiful and beautiful spirit, set in the midst of her.
But the Jews rebelled against him. Unrighteously I chose Caesar, and I didn't seek my own people.
Have mercy on me, Yahweh, and raise me up, Be merciful to them.
Then the princes took the scroll, and put it in the chamber of Elishama the scribe, and went in to the king into the court, and told all these words in the king's ears.
Pharaoh said, Tomorrow is tomorrow. He said, Let it be according to your sayings, that you may know that there is not a God like God.
But the king of the children of Ammon would not listen to the voice of Jephthah.
When Jesus had come into Jerusalem, into the temple, he looked around at a loop. For it was now evening, and Jesus went out, he, and the twelve disciples, into Bethany.
Jotham slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David: and Ahaz his son reigned in his place.
It happened at the threshing floor of Kittim, that Uzzah stretched out his hand, because he had stumbled.
Our adversaries have opened their mouths to us.
Blessed is he who cares for the poor. In the day of trouble Yahweh will save him.
If there is nakedness among you of the father, If there is nakedness among you of the unclean woman;
He who believes in me will never die. Do you believe so?
Afterward they prayed after this manner, saying, Yahweh, you are Yahweh. You have made heaven and the heaven of heavens, and all the army of heaven, the earth, the earth, the sea, and all that is in them; and you have commanded them.
and they shall sacrifice to his grave, and burn incense to his great grave; for they shall eat the fat and the full of it.
No, brothers, you are not in darkness for the day of your death. It is not like a thief in your house.
From a distance he shall hear words that can't be spoken, which a man shall not speak.
It may be that they will listen, and every man turn from his evil way. Then I will repent of the evil, that I might bring on them the evil that they have done.
If you are of this world, then the world will love you as its own; but because you are not of this world, I tell you that you are of this world, and I hate you.
Don't be partakers with them, for your request has not yet been made, and the Father knows your need.
God came to Balaam, and said to him, Who are these with you?
But if the heart of the Most High is against you, don't depart from your throne, for there is a great disobedience.
He rebuked the sea, so that it was dry, and the rivers were not guilty: Bashan and Carmel were ruined, and the flower of Lebanon was ruined.
Don't be bold with him who is greedy for money.
So the king of Israel, and the king of Judah, and the king of Edom, went, and went seven days' journey: and there was no water for the army, nor for the animals that were with them, to drink.
The bridegroom was sore displeased, and the virgins began to afflict.
Yahweh said, Who shall entice Ahab, that he may go up to Ramoth Gilead? One spoke saying after this manner, and another saying after that manner.
Those who were numbered of the sons of Gershon by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
To deliver the mocker and the mocker; To provoke themselves to dishonor, And to reprove the wicked;
Remember how you made me a derision, That you would turn me into dust?
So the Spirit came into me, and set me on my feet. He talked with me, and said to me, Go, shut yourself in the house.
The children of Israel did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; they didn't remember Yahweh their God, but went and served the Baals and the Ashtaroth.
because a great multitude could not carry the light to Jesus' side, they tore the upper chamber of Jesus' house, and let the cot down.
because you received them, and refused them, and became enemies to them; and because you received them from the chosen ones, and they loved their fathers,
As for the land, bread came out of it. Its fire consumed it.
Though wickedness is sweet in his mouth, Though he hid it with his tongue;
In the nations he has said, Yahweh reigns! The world is established that it can't be moved. He judges all people according to justice.
I will set the bow of Judah on my face, and the bow of Ephraim will I set on your bow; and I will stir up your people against the inhabitants of Javan, and make you like the sword of a mighty man.
You shall command your own men also, that they do well, to sustain those who are right, that they not bear fruit.
It shall happen, if you shall observe all the commandments which I command you, to do them, and to love Yahweh your God, and to walk in all his ways, and to cleave to him;
one male goat for a sin offering;
Yahweh, you will bless the righteous, And surround them with the gentleness of a shield.
Of the tribe of Zebulun twelve thousand, Of the tribe of Joseph twelve thousand, Of the tribe of Benjamin twelve thousand.
When we had finished the journey a great many days, and because of the lack of fasts had passed, he began to be greatly troubled.
In the field of Jezreel the dogs shall eat Jezebel, and none shall bury her.' The young men opened the doors, and fled.
You shall reckon to yourself seven days. Seven days shall you reckon to yourself seven days, when you shall cut down your grain with pruning hooks.
Yahweh has sworn, says Yahweh, that he will make war against the Amalekites throughout their generations.
Have any said to God, I am punished, and not sinned any more?
For the wall is built with rigging, And the wall itself is built with pure gold, like a poultice.
There will be people who will dwell therein, and there will be no curse. Jerusalem will be quiet and at ease.
When Jesus heard that John was taken into custody, he fled from Galilee,
It shall be to them an everlasting statute, and the man who sprinkles the water for impurity, he shall wash his clothes; and whoever touches the water for impurity shall be unclean until uncleanness.
This is the day which Yahweh has appointed: rejoice and be glad in it.
So Judah went: and Yahweh delivered the Canaanite and the Perizzite into their hand.
Again therefore he said to another, Come after me. He said to him, Lord, allow me to go up and bury my father.
I will be condemned. Why will I labor in vain?
Obey Yahweh our God, and fear him, and keep his commandments, and obey his voice, and serve him, and remain in him.
Look at Zion, and keep holy feasts; And your eyes will see the houses of Jerusalem laid still, And the tents of it will not be removed from it; Neither will it be removed from you.
Saying, If Esau comes and fights against this multitude, then the multitude will flee away.
There you will remember your ways and your doings, which you have defiled from them; and it shall be to you for all your evil doings, that you shall loathe yourselves.
When a rich man offers this offering to Yahweh for your life, it shall not go out greater, neither shall a poor man go out lower, neither shall any man go out of the midst of a pit.
He built an altar there, and called the name of it Eleazar Israel.
When his servants had spoken, David said, So and so.
For I am with you to deliver you and to deliver you; and I will utterly destroy all the nations where I have driven you; but I will utterly destroy you, and will in no way leave you unpunished.
Who delight in the best seats, And in the best seats in the synagogues;
So the people went forth, and took the Syrian camp: and there was not a shekel of silver in a little one, and two shekels of barley in a little one, according to the word of Yahweh.
For the house of Israel and the house of Judah have dealt very treacherously against me, says Yahweh.
Cursed be he who lies with the elders. All the people shall say, Amen.
It shall be, when you have accomplished these days, that you shall stand on your right hand, and bear the iniquity of the house of Judah; and I will give you forty days, in one year.
Now I have no need, brothers, for myself to be in the cup, both when it comes, and when the Lord comes.
Thus shall the inhabitant of that city go to that city, saying, Hurry and seek Yahweh's favor, and seek Yahweh of Armies; or else I will go also.
and humbled you, and made you hungry, and didn't know you, neither did any of your fathers feed you, that you might know that no man trusted in bread, but in the word of Yahweh which he spoke.
Even so you called, and I answered; Or, Answer me!
He spread a cloud, and covered the heavens, and made the mountains to spring forth with rain.
Solomon answered her all her questions: there was not anything hidden from her which Solomon didn't know.
in whom we also receive our building up, that we may be built, in the place where God dwells;
As has been done this day, so has Yahweh commanded to do for you, to make atonement for you.
For I know the God of my redemption, Who will stand on high in the days to come,
But as for the virgins, and the daughters who lived with them, let's save for ourselves their lives.
Watch, for you don't know what the Lord will do in its day.
For all the secret things will come to light. All the secret things will come out in time to know it.
This border shall turn about from the Absalom into the brook of Egypt, and shall go out into the sea.
and behold, a cake of bread was baked on the coals of it; and the jar of water was on his head: and he ate and drank, and went down.
Sing, you who don't conceive, because you have not borne. Sing, you who haven't brought forth, the voice of gladness; for greater is her who has lived than she who has borne. says Yahweh.
Go up to the house, and make wood; and I will be glad and glorify you in it, says Yahweh.
When you lend him money, you shall not take him interest; Neither shall you lend him bread.
Jeroboam said in his heart, This kingdom is yet for the house of David.
I will not cut the bull of your stall, Neither will I cut the goat of your stall.
For you shall forget Yahweh your Savior, and the Rock of your strength; and you shall know therefore the apple of your heart, and the seed of your heart.
The workmen came and told the master of the house, saying, Lord, aren't you planted in your own garden? Where are the darnel from?'
When it was day, Jesus came into a deserted place, and they sought him, and they found him, and he said to them, Don't leave him.
Sing to Yahweh, praise his name! Show forth his salvation from day to day.
The forest of it, and the glory of the fat land, from the spirit even to the flesh, devoured it; the world became as a tumultuous tumult.
The posts of the king's men, and the letters of his princes, went throughout Israel and Judah, according to the king's commandment: and they said, Israel, turn you to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Yahweh, the God of Israel, and let us return to the remnant of the kings of Assyria.
They went over in haste as the sail, And plucked up as the eagle flies.
Esther's maidens came to her, and told her: and she was very sad, and sent for Mordecai by clothing, that he might take off her coat, but she wouldn't take it.
but what I shall say before you, Write on the faces of those who sit, and on the heads of the elders of my people, and if you will redeem it; and if you will redeem it, I will redeem it; and if you will redeem it, you shall not be known among the nations.
Every man had blue, purple, scarlet, fine linen, goats' hair, and a ram's skin. Every one of the skins of the sea was taken away.
Yahweh did according to the word of Moses: and all who were in the houses, and in the courts, and in the fields, died.
All Israel departed from David, and went after Sheba the son of Bichri: but the men of Judah stayed behind from the Jordan to Jerusalem.
When the kings of Hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, they made peace with Israel, and subdued them: and the Syrians would not help the children of Ammon.
David commanded to gather together the foreigners who were in the land of Israel, and to set up the stone cutters to build the house of Yahweh.
Ishmael the son of Nethaniah fled, and the men of war with him, out of the hand of Johanan, to the children of Ammon.
A certain young man ran and told Moses, and said, There is a prophet with Ildad and Bethad in the camp.
There is a way which seems right to a man, But in the end it leads to death.
For he doesn't need to show men the things concerning men, because he knows a man's heart.
You shall eat no bread in any place where you dwell, whether it be the blood of the bird or of the wild animal.
David went and struck Moab, and put them on the earth, and measured two rows of cords: and he killed one row of a cord; and Moab returned to David, and returned every row of cords.
Ask of Yahweh your God a sign, That it may be inquired of in the deep, or in the high heavens.
Turn us, Yahweh, and we will turn ourselves to you. Make our days fresh, as in the days of old.
Flee, you men of Benjamin, out of Jerusalem; blow you the trumpet in Tekoa, and let the smoke go out of Bethlehem; for evil is come down from the north, and a great destruction.
And some of them will draw near like a sword, And will swallow up the afflicted men and the poor of the earth.
Then he will tell those who are cursed, Return from me, and go in to the fire that is prepared for the devil and for his angel.
For we are not as in the word of God, that many should stumble, but that we should become one in the sent word of God, prophesying concerning Christ.
We will bring you again to Joppa, according to your desire, from Lebanon; and you shall bring it to Jerusalem.
I saw visions by night; and behold, the four winds of the sky went back and forth over the great sea.
A crooked thing can't make it straight, Neither shall it be reckoned any more.
He has broken down his hedge, like a garden. He has destroyed the assembly. The appointed feasts and the Sabbaths are forgotten in Zion. He has made her desolate. His anger is kindled by his fierce anger.
Then he looked at those who sat around him, and said, My mother and my brothers are these.
Also Yahweh was angry with Aaron, to destroy him; and I prayed for Aaron while he was in the city.
For this is surely the reason why I set my heart on you for good.
But they didn't understand the saying, for they were hidden from him, so that he couldn't make them understand it. They didn't dare ask him any more.
They came to the wilderness of Sinai on the third day of the third month after the children of Israel were come out of the land of Egypt.
Remember what happened to his wife,
Then Nathan went and told David according to these words, the burdens.
For we all have the ability to preach God's word together, that we may learn and exhort one another.
They will teach Jacob your ordinances, And Israel your law. They will put incense on your face, And all the burnt offerings of your altars.
He went in with the men of Israel, and struck both of them in the midst of the city, even the children of Israel, and the belly of the woman. So the plague was stayed from the children of Israel.
The queen made it like king Solomon, of one hundred twenty talents of gold, and of many spices, and of precious stones.
Moses and Aaron went in, and said to Pharaoh, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Let my people go, that they may keep my feasts in the wilderness.
You shall sanctify all that comes of the herd, and of the flock, and all the firstborn of the flock, to Yahweh your God; and you shall not allow the firstborn of the herd to go forth; neither shall the firstborn of the flock come near him.
Therefore don't you sit down to eat, nor to drink, nor to send, nor to be sown on the Sabbath day.
You have slain many in this city, and filled the streets with dead bodies.
She said to him, Not so; for you have driven me out, and have dealt treacherously with me. But Amnon would not listen to her.
then hear in heaven, and do them. Judge your servants, requiting the wicked, to bring his way on his own head; and justifying him in his righteous way.
Thus says Yahweh to me: Shall men fall, and not rise again? shall men turn back, and not turn back?
He led them through the desert, and they didn't thirst. He brought forth waters out of the rock for them; and the rock broke up, and waters came out. Yahweh said, The wicked shall peace.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, You shall not go down again to the bed where you go up, but you shall surely die.' Elijah went.
Then Hanani the seer came to Asa king of Judah, and said to him, Because you have trusted in the king of Syria, and have not trusted in Yahweh your God, therefore the army of the king of Syria has escaped from your hand.
Don't say among those who are tempted, I am led astray by God, for God is not ensnared by wickedness, neither is he himself ensnared by man.
Let an evil man rule over him. Let an enemy stand at his right hand.
In the twelfth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel began Ahaziah the son of Joram king of Judah to reign.
He did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh his God,
God's wisdom is deep, and knowledge is vast. His judgments are hard to comprehend, and his word hard to find.
The high priest, Eliashib, and his brothers the priests, rose up at the door of the sheep gate, and sanctified it, and set up the door of the gate, which is at the tower of Hammeah; and all the towers of Hananel were sanctified.
He made the one thousand seven hundred seventy-five shekels of silver pillars, and overlaid them with capitals, and made their fillets.
Don't forsake your anointed prince, who appointed you for David your servant's sake.
I also live before the law. When the commandment comes down, the waters will rise and live, and I will be no more.
The king and his men came to Jerusalem to fight against Jebus, who dwell in the land. They said to David, If you don't take away the blind and the lame, you can't come into this land. They told David, saying, They shall not come in here.
Now from the first day until the end of the day Ezra read the law of Yahweh daily. They were all kept feasts seven days. On the eighth day there was a solemn assembly, to set it in order.
Behold, I will do a new thing. See you? Don't you know? I will open the way in the wilderness, And the rivers in the desert.
Turn my eyes away from falsehood. Let me walk in your ways.
These also belong to those who are called by God, and are heirs of Jesus Christ.
For when the Canaanites and all the inhabitants of the land heard of it, they came around to destroy us in the earth. What would you do for your name's sake?
You shall keep the covenant, which you have promised to David my servant, and shall speak to him; and it shall happen, as it is this day, in your own mouth.
You know that Yahweh is God. You are his Maker. You belong to him. You are his people. You are the sheep of his pasture.
When the congregation couldn't drink, they were gathered together against Moses and against Aaron.
For the righteousness of man is futile, but God is able to save him from sin and from the law of death. He made himself a Son, and all those who sin with him in the body, in the body, and in the flesh.
How long will you wait? Consider, and we will speak later.
Arise, God, to judge the world, For you shall possess all nations.
I will tread them down in my land, and in my mountains will I strike them. His yoke shall depart from my people, and his burden shall be from the shoulders of my people.
The unclean spirit, when he is absent from the body, seeks for a resting place where there is no water, but he is not found.
But he will come and destroy the farmers, and will lease out his vineyard to others. When they hear these things, they will say, Not so.
My son, listen to your father's instruction, And don't forsake your mother's teaching.
Jacob returned from Paddan Aram in peace to Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, and spread his tent before it.
Menahem slept with his fathers; and Pekahiah his son reigned in his place.
Some of the scribes and Pharisees were watching, and saying that he had a consultation on the Sabbath, that they might bring him word again.
But since you pervert your law and your understanding, I don't desire that you do such things.
Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah lived fifteen years after the death of Joash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel.
The tribes of Israel sent messengers throughout all the tribes of Benjamin, saying, What is this that you have done among you?
Jesus said, Father, forgive them, for they didn't know what they had done. Then they cast lots for his garments.
My mouth has made my wife weary. My mother's womb weaned me.
The children of Israel traveled on their journey from the wilderness of Sinai, and the cloud stayed in the wilderness of Paran.
Happy is your man, and blessed is your servant: They are continually before you to hear your wisdom.
But because our fathers provoked Yahweh to anger with the sky, he delivered them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, into the land of the Chaldeans, and he broke down this house, and carried the people captive to Babylon.
Behold, the days are come, says Yahweh. The appointed evil is done. The rod is opened, and pride is budned.
Wail about him, for he is faint. He is broken down, for the wall is broken down; for this is the vengeance of Yahweh: you shall preserve him; and as for him, you shall do likewise.
The shooters were on Josiah the king; and the king said to his servants, Take me away; for I am shot.
I have not done the good that I desire, but have returned to that which I don't desire.
I am Yahweh your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt: open your mouth, and I will satisfy you.
When he had said this, he breathed from them, and said to them, You have received the Holy Spirit!
Saul and all the people who were with him assembled themselves together, and went to the battle, and saw every man of the Philistines consumed with the sword, and great confusion.
But he who is greedy for his own will, and thirsts for all wisdom,
Take firm hold of instruction. Turn your ear to wisdom.
He taught them many things in parables. He taught them, saying,
Let each one of us beware of his neighbor. Let none of us put our trust in our brothers. For all the brothers are dishonored among themselves, and the neighbor walks around in slander.
I am a stranger and a foreigner living on the earth. Don't hide your commandments from me.
Yahweh's ransomed ones will return, And come with singing to Zion; And everlasting joy will be on their heads. They will be glad and rejoice; And sorrow and sighing will flee away.
The sixth poured out his bowl on the Euphrates, and immediately the river dried up, and prepared for the kings who came from the east.
I will see with my eyes, and hear with my ears in this place.
I have come to you in the sanctuary, seeking to see your power and your glory.
When I had given the deed of the purchase to Baruch the son of Neriah, I prayed to Yahweh, saying,
You increase the people, Yahweh, And multiply the kingdom. You are glorified, And have enlarged the surface of the earth.
Then Jesus said, Father, I thank you, Lord of heaven and earth, that you have kept a secret from the wise and discreet man, who has a very little child.
Jesus answered him, Because I told you that I saw you under the fig tree, and you believed me? You saw things greater than this.
David said to Jonathan, Tomorrow is a new moon: let me sit down with the king, and let me hide myself in the field until the third day.
They stayed with him seven days and seven nights, but he didn't speak to him; for they saw his anguish.
They shall set themselves in feasts, and set up watchmen, and shall eat and drink; and rise up, and anoint your shields, Sirs.
No one puts a piece of unshrunk cloth on an old garment: otherwise the piece would be torn in a new way, and there would be a greater hole.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah after the king had burned the scroll, which Baruch wrote about Jeremiah, saying,
Yahweh, don't turn away your loving kindness from me. Let your loving kindness and truth keep me continually.
My brother is to me as a brook, As a brook that passes away,
If they weren't sent, why do they prophesy? For as it is written, He who prophesies is beautiful in his feet.
For Yahweh has made the time of your visitation near: so shall you do to yourself, and your deeds shall be on your own head.
He told a parable to them. A farmer went out to sow, and while he was farming, some fell by the road, and caused the farmers to tread, and the birds of the sky devoured them.
You are good, and your works are good. Teach me your statutes.
They spread on the tent of meeting tents, and put over them coverings of the tent, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Doesn't he who comforts the ear hear? Or he who makes eyes, doesn't he see?
He wrote them, and restored them to the synagogue, and sat down. All the people of the synagogue looked at him.
Now the Philistines stood on this mountain, and the children of Israel stood on that mountain, and there were valleys among them.
What shall we do to our sisters, who are young and tender, before they are grown old?
He said to me, Son of man, rise up to the house of Israel, and speak to them in my name;
Bringing me one of the six pieces of silver, they brought me another of the silver, and Jesus saw it.
He took all the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and also the treasures of the king's house; and he broke all the treasures of the house of Yahweh, which Solomon king of Israel had made, according to the word of Yahweh which he had spoken.
You have put my friends far from me. You have made them abhor me. I am shut up, and I can't go out.
and the ark of the covenant, both of flesh, and of wine, and of frankincense, and of wine, and of fine flour, and of wheat, and of oxen, and of horses, and of chariots, and of male servants, and of those who were of the same spirit;
even a day will they themselves be freed from the corruptible, that they may be glorified with the children of God.
Then Zedekiah the king swore secretly to Jeremiah, and said, As Yahweh lives, who made your life, I have sworn to him that I will not kill it, neither will I give it into your hand.
Yahweh said to Moses, How long will you refuse my commandment and my law?
The wilderness and the desert shall rejoice, And the desert shall rejoice, And shall blossom like a flower.
It shall happen, that when I shall be glorified in Pharaoh, and in his chariots, and in his horsemen, then shall the Egyptians know that I am Yahweh.
For I tell you, I will eat no more of this kind of bread in the Kingdom of God.
As the heavens are now breaking away, so is the book. The mountains and the sea are shaken out of its place.
You shall make curtains of goats' hair for a covering over the tent.
He looked down from his throne, And saw all the people who were on the earth.
Your children shall soon return, And destroy your land, that it may be laid waste.
For I have said, Your loving kindness will be established forever. Your truth will be established in heaven.'
Yahweh said to Moses, Joshua the son of Nun, who has the spirit in his heart, bring him, and lay your hands on him,
It shall happen, that all who are twenty years old and have seen me from Egypt, from Abraham, from Isaac, and from Jacob, and from the land of the oath, because they have not walked after me with all their heart.
They said, Please set us a king over us, that he may judge us: and Samuel didn't rejoice in that thing; that Samuel prayed to Yahweh.
The Spirit lifted me up, and took me up from the Spirit of God in the visions of the Chaldeans; and I went up from myself,
Many of his tax collectors and sinners were eating bread in the Levite's house, with his disciples also. For many followed him.
So that man doesn't go naked, But his belly is hungry.
Then said Jephthah to them, I, my people, and the children of Ammon, am gathered together: you have not delivered me out of their hand.
I prepared in my sleep for the house of Yahweh ten thousand talents of gold, and one hundred thousand talents of silver, and brass and iron, so that they could not be weighed, because they were many: I didn't prepare them, and make them grow.
Arise, go you; it is not a resting place for you; for the land is corrupt, and its corruption is very great.
Jesus answered her, Unless God had given you authority, you wouldn't have power over me. Therefore delivered me up to you, and his sin was greater.
He shall take two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, according to their strength; the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering.
When he came to hear him speak, Paul caught him by his eyes, and saw that he had faith to be healed,
though these three men were in it, as I live, says the Lord Yahweh, they should deliver neither sons nor daughters; they only should be delivered.
Yahweh said to me, Don't be afraid of him; for I have given him into your hand, and to his people, and to his land: deal with them as with Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwell in Hebib.
Again he appeared to five hundred of his brothers, who were about to die, but who were still alive on the surface of the earth.
But if he buys anyone, he shall buy it for money, and he shall eat holy things. He also shall eat his bread, which is born in his house.
Therefore wisdom makes you walk in the way of men, And observes the way of the righteous.
Hurry, get you down to the place where you were hidden, at the rock of knowledge, on the third day.
The widow, or her who keeps her vows, and her bonds with which she has bound her, shall be in his bosom.
that they may judge the people from their own times, and bring them to you from the first, that they may judge themselves: so shall you be a burden to them, and they shall bear with you.
It happened, as he was about to go to Achaia, that the brothers from Ephesus encouraged him, and they sent to meet him Achaia's disciples, and came to him, and spoke kindly to the elders of the city,
Yahweh prepared a great fish to devour Jonah; and Jonah was in the fish's belly three days and three nights.
Because he loved your fathers, and chose their children, and brought them out of Egypt with great power,
He commanded them, saying, Don't carry it by the way, except a rod; Don't carry bread; Don't carry it to the ground, and don't stretch out the line to the waist.
Samson went down to Timnah, he and his father and his mother, and they came to the vineyard of Timnah: and behold, a young lion came and touched him.
Jesus said, Two people went into the temple praying, one of the Pharisees, and one of the tax collectors.
When the skin of a man is sown, and he has conceived it, or has given birth to a bright spot, and has become a plague of leprosy to his skin, then he shall bring it to Aaron the priest, or to the priest of his son;
and he said to him, Make haste, and tell the young man, Jerusalem will be inhabited like a censer that is not walled, because of the multitude of those who dwell therein.
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
The burden that has come on subdues. Thus says the Lord Yahweh concerning Edom: When we hear from Yahweh, and have sent messengers to the nations, Come up, and fight!
When I saw him, I fell down at his feet, having the right hand on my face, saying, Don't be afraid. I am the first, and I am the last.
He tore his clothes, and girded himself with sackcloth, and mourned for his son many days.
But the children of Manasseh could not drive out the people; but the Canaanites would dwell in the land.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
The Lord, who gives peace, gives you peace in all ways. Let the Lord be with you all.
Go to my father's house, and to my relatives, and take a wife for my son.'
What will I do when God is lifted up? What will I answer when he is silent?
As soon as he had seen her, he had compassion on her, and said, Don't wait.
One said, We have taken of the field and of the vineyards, and have lended them to the king.
When evening had come, he was with the twelve disciples.
They went both of them out to the hill, and stayed there three days, until they could follow after them. Those who followed after them sought after them, but they didn't find them.
The days will be from evening until morning, when the cloud will cover them; and in the morning, when the cloud is taken up, they will depart: in the night, in the day, and in the night, the cloud is taken up; and they will travel.
Then was Naaman angry, and turned back, and said, I thought he would surely come out to me, and stand still, and call on the name of Yahweh his God, to shake his hands in the land of trouble.
Do you think that I have come to send peace on the earth? I tell you, no, but contention.
Let's therefore rejoice in this, though we are now tempted, in our sorrows for a time.
For as it is written, We will raise up a lamb for slaughter all day long for your sake.
The righteous shall inherit eternal land, And dwell in it forever.
Preserve me from the snares of their snares, From the oppressions of the wicked.
You shall set the Levites before Aaron, and before his sons, to offer them up for a wave offering to Yahweh.
Therefore the book of the war of Yahweh says, The valleys of Zuphath, and of the Arnon,
Rejoice with those who rejoice, And mourn with those who mourn.
How can we not be ignorant in due season?
God spoke to Noah, and to his sons, saying,
You shall persecute the Midianites, and strike them.
I will give to you, God, the sacrifice of mercy, Of your vows, which I have vowed.
The elders of Gilead said to Jephthah, Yahweh is witness among you, that we will do your words.
He covered his seat, And spread a cloud on it.
They said to him, Where is Sarah, your wife? He said, In the tent.
If your people Israel be put to death in the sight of the enemy because of sin, and if they return to you, and confess your name, and pray in this house, and make supplication to you,
Blessed are those who do well, and obey the law of Yahweh.
Don't let your eye pity him, But put away innocent blood from Israel, That you may be blessed.
This he said to Judas, the son of Simon of Carioth, who was one of the twelve, betrayed him.
Moses went down to the people to sanctify them, and they washed their clothes.
For the Scripture says, Abraham believed God, and it was accounted righteous.
For my loving kindness will I keep forever. The covenant that I make with him shall not be changed.
They provoked him to jealousy with other gods, And provoked him to anger with abominations.
If we are judged today concerning his good deeds which were done on his feet,
But when you have fully obeyed, we will chastise those who don't obey.
Lest you make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land, who play the prostitute after their gods, and who sacrifice to their gods; and you eat their sacrifices.
As for you, O house of Israel, thus says the Lord Yahweh: Go, serve every man his idol; neither shall he hear my words any more, nor spare my holy name.
I will multiply Zion's food, And her poor people will I fill with food.
Asia has certain rulers who are Paul's friends, who also sent to tell him that he shouldn't enter into the field,
The priest shall take some of the oil and put it in his hand.
The beast that I saw was like a leopard. His feet were like the feet of a bear, And his mouth was like the mouth of a lion. His tail was like the beast's nest.
It happened, before Jeremiah was gone, that the captain of the guard said to him, Return to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan, and present him to the king of Babylon, who shall set him over the cities of Judah: dwell with him in the midst of the people, that he may go with you, and die: so shall you put away the evil from him.
The eagle doesn't know. The eye of the eagle doesn't see it.
All the pilots of Gebal, and the skillful men, were worthless in the midst of you; and all the sailors, and their mariners, were in the midst of you.
and he sent out the burnt offering, to distribute it to Yahweh according to the families of the people, as it is written in the book of Moses; and so did the oxen.
He shall offer after the strength of his power the one turtledove or the other young pigeon, which he has;
For they are vanity and a vain thing of my worship, Because they make a commandment to the children of men.
and I will do to you as I thought I would do to them.
If you observe to love your neighbor as the law of the Kingdom of God, you shall do this.
For while we were yet rebellious against God, he put his Son to death for us, that we might be saved together with him. For we have now obtained salvation through his resurrection.
His father and his mother said, He has grown old. Ask him therefore what you are about to ask him.
But when I saw Mordecai the Jew sitting in the king's gate, I perceived that it was very evil for me.
Joab took the sum of all the people to David, one hundred ten thousand swords for the children of Israel, and forty thousand swords for the children of Judah.
Yahweh our God made a covenant between us and Horeb.
When Yahweh arose to shake the earth, they went into the clefts of the rock, into the clefts of the ground, to escape the terror of Yahweh, and his awesome glory.
The suckling, whose tongue is withered, Is on the palate. The child chews the bread, and there is no one to give him.
The men of Israel pursued after the Philistines, and took the camp.
I am wiser than old men, For I have kept your precepts.
Esau said, Let me leave few with you. Jacob said, No, but find favor in the sight of my lord.
They pursued after them to the Jordan; and they saw all the vessels and the vessels which the Syrians had cast away, and the messengers came back to the king.
The woman, standing behind him weeping, had eyes to pluck Jesus' feet; and she wiped her feet with her own hair, and she took Jesus' feet, and anointed them with gold.
For the poor man doesn't have the strength to offer such things, but he says, There is no cutting down wood, for the skillful workman who seeks out a wondrous work.
There is no fear nor turn away from him who teaches in Christ, whose children are not God. He who fears and teaches will be joined to the Father and to the Son.
Then Jephthah vowed a vow to Yahweh, and said to us, If you will deliver the children of Ammon into my hand,
Let all the earth sing to Yahweh.
What is your mother? A lioness falls among lions, And a young lion among young lions.
and it shall be, that after the earthquake, fire shall kindle, and Yahweh shall not kindle it; but behind it shall be a small and light noise.
You will know that I am Yahweh your God, and that there is none else. My people shall not be disappointed forever.
Why do you reject me, Yahweh? Why do you hide your face from me?
Moreover I was angry and angry with him, and struck you with an outstretched arm, and with a strong arm;
But Jesus, knowing that they were looking for him, said to them, Because I said, A little while, that you won't see me, and a little while, that you will see me again?' Then he said to them, A little while.
Now therefore save yourselves, and come down from the cross.
Servants, be obedient to the rulers of the earth, not for yourselves only, but also for your good pleasure. For you are servants of God.
Zebah and Zalmunna said, Up, and kill us; for as a man, so is he. Then he arose, and killed Zebah and Zalmunna, and cut off their camels, and buried them as one month.
He said, Amos, what do you see? I said, Behold, a basket of summer fruit. Then Yahweh said to me, My people Israel, that day may not come on me any more.
Moses returned to Yahweh, and said, Lord, why do you deal ill with this people? why do you send me?
Amaziah said to Amos, Go, you see this seer; flee into the land of Judah, and eat there, and be there a prophet.
He built an altar there, and called on the name of Yahweh, and pitched his tent there. Isaac's servants dug there a well.
But Pharaoh afflicted them, and they were ensnared. The king was troubled for the children of Israel.
These are the heads of fathers' houses of the Levites, who lived in Jerusalem throughout their generations.
Four thousand were to be porters; and four thousand were to praise Yahweh with instruments of music.
The way of his boasting is valiant; Yes, it is perfect as a secret wind.
Tell me, I beg you, whom I desire in my heart, What place are you looking for sheep? What place were you to lodge with? By the sheep of your companions, Aren't I like a man's wife?
But the bulls, and the skin of it, and the flesh of it, and all that remains of it, were burned with fire outside of the camp, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
There is this thing which I have seen under the sun, that is not good, but as it comes forth out of the power,
So I prophesied according to the commandment: and there arose a voice in my prophesying, and the bones were broken suddenly, and every one became his talk.
Then the Midianites and the Amalekites and the children of the east were gathered together, and they passed over the river, and encamped in the valley of Jezreel.
He brings them down to heaven, and comes down. There is darkness under his feet.
What do you mean, that you call a man's speech? The speech of him who condemns is like the wind.
the little owl, and the little owl, and the great owl,
Moses called to Bezalel, and to Oholiab, and to all who were wise-hearted, whom Yahweh gave wisdom to their heart and to their mind.
Then the men listened to him; and they believed him at the end, and said, Yes, it is! It is Ben Hadad your brother! He said, Go, find him. Ben Hadad came out, and stood before the king, and laid him down.
The waters ceased, and remained until the tenth month, on the first day of the month, and the mountains appeared.
All that is without fins and without fins in the waters, you shall count as abominable.
Moab will be destroyed, and will no more be a nation, because they are lifted up, and have rebelled against Yahweh.
They have profaned my holy name to all the Gentiles whom they shall come to; for they have said, It is the people of Yahweh who go forth out of his land.
Yahweh will cause to hear his awesome voice. He will cause people to see his wrath, his scorching hand, and the flame of his devouring, and his raging, and the hail, and the hail of the sea.
then it shall be, on the next day after the seventh Sabbath, that you shall reckon to Yahweh fifty days; and you shall offer a new meal offering.
In those days Yahweh was zealous for his land, And compassion was on his people.
Yahweh will repay each man according to his righteousness and according to his integrity; for Yahweh has delivered you into my hand this day: but I will not put forth my hand to the anointing of Yahweh.
Now the words of Job were without knowledge and understanding.
Those who are gone forth from you shall build desolate places long ago: you shall build the foundations of ruin; and you shall be called, The bulwarks of the city,' and the houses of Shiloh.
For wisdom will enter into your heart. Knowledge will be the joy of your soul.
But Joash the king was twenty-three years old; and the priests didn't yet repair the breaches of the house.
Therefore I said, The Philistines are come up to Gilgal against me. I am not yet gracious to Yahweh, and I will not delay to offer burnt offerings.
and said to them, I am one hundred twenty years old this day, that I may no more go out; and Yahweh said to me, You shall not pass over this Jordan.
Behold, he is taken: who can hinder him? Who can answer him, What have you done?
These things happened at that time, when the plague died, to twenty-four thousand men.
and their brothers, mighty men of valor, one hundred twenty-eight; and Zabdiel the son of Hadarelim, their ruler.
that they might pray to God, the God of heaven, for this secret, that Daniel, his companions, and the rest of the assembly of Babylon, might not perish.
For the king's business shall be known to all the women, saying, Thus and thus shall king Ahasuerus call Vashti the queen before the king; he shall not come near to her, neither shall he come near to her.
and the two kidneys, and the fat that is on the innards, and that which is on the innards, and that which is on the innards, and that which is on the innards, and that which is on the innards, he shall take away.
the roses, the toes, the lilies, the incense altars, the sodomites,
Now the children of Israel, his servant, whom he spoke concerning the children of Jacob, saying,
Turn us again, Yahweh, the God of Armies. Cause your face to shine, And we will be saved.
Our shame and our dishonor has covered us up among our shame; for from the youth up until now have we and our fathers sinned continually against our God, and have not obeyed the voice of Yahweh our God.
The burnt offering, and the fat of the peace offerings, with all the fat of the burnt offering, were many: so Yahweh did in the house, as it was written in the book of the testimony.
Behold, your end is come, and I will bring my wrath on you, and will judge you according to your ways; and I will bring on you all your abominations.
Take away my mouth from you words of truth, For I watch for your judgments.
All the idols of the earth, and the idols of the house, and the idols of it, and all the abominations of Jerusalem, and all their idols, and all their idols, and all their idols, did Josiah make an end of breaking the law, and spoke all the words of the book of the house of God which is in his house.
Every lamb that offers this offering shall have the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mixed with the fourth part of a hin of oil, for a meal offering.
then the priest shall examine him; and behold, if the skin has a reddish-white rash, and whiteness, and the hair of the hair of it has turned white, and there is a reddish-white rash in the priest;
So all the people went every man to his house; and David went his way, and blessed his house.
He spoke also to them with many words of testimony, and exhorted them, saying, Deliver yourselves from this evil generation.
Then the king said to Abram, Gather all of them to me.
He loves cursing, and we curse it. He doesn't delight in blessing, we bless from him.
They forsook the house of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, and served the Asherim and the idols; for in their iniquity came the anger of Yahweh on Judah and on Jerusalem.
He wrote in the name of Ahab, and turned the king's court, and sent letters to all the princes of the city of Naboth, and to all the elders of his house.
It is said, What is the God who comes to Yahweh, who worships in the high places of the mountains? Shall he offer burnt offerings, or shall he bring a young bull to him?
Moses and Aaron said to all Israel, You shall know until even that Yahweh has brought you up out of the land of Egypt.
Behold, I saw in the spoil a beautiful garment of Shinar, and silver, two hundred shekels, and a house of gold, fifty shekels; and I took them, and brought them to my tent, and trod them down on my feet.
Because you believed that Jesus died and was raised, you didn't believe that God would have brought with him those who died.
You shall eat nothing sacrificed to idols. You shall eat no animals, nor blood, nor sexual immorality. If you don't do these commandments, peace be to you.
He who is wise, in the way of life, goes forth from Sheol.
One who gives false testimony perishes, But one who hears, and doesn't know, tells it.
that you may be able to escape the hand of these your adversaries,
Didn't this come from Babylon, and I built my own house on the height of my strength for the glory of my majesty?
For if they were sitting in the street like children, and cried one to another, We played the flute, and you don't dance. We have played the flute for you, and you don't weep.
This I will do to you: I will set you in fear, and in loss of faith, and in fever, and in mourning; and you shall be near; and you shall eat the bread of your enemies.
Of the firstborn of the children of Israel, two hundred seventy-three, more than the Levites, shall you redeem.
The word of Yahweh came to me.
Then the forest of the forest will utter a joyful voice before Yahweh, For he comes to judge the whole earth.
For who has seen the glory of the first house among you? How have you seen it? Isn't it in your sight, and not in your sight?
then you shall give to Yahweh all the male children who are at the first, and all the firstborn livestock. All these are Yahweh's.
It shall happen, that the words which come out of my mouth shall not be empty to me, but that it shall be well with me, that the thing which I send shall prosper.
The grass withers, The flower fades; For the breath of Yahweh is on it. Surely men are as grass.
These are the kings of the Hittite, and of the Amorite, and of the Canaanite, and of the Perizzite, and of the Hivite, and of the Jebusite, in the wilderness, in the hill country, and in the lowland:
You will be witnesses also to them and to the Gentiles, for my sake, that they have been brought before the governor and the king.
He shall send out his wonders, and call the people far off; and he shall cry out to the ends of the earth; and behold, they are hurrying.
Then I contended with the rulers, and said to them, Why is the house of God laid waste? Then I gathered the Levites together, and brought the charge of them together.
He cried to Yahweh his God, and said, Yahweh, help us, we beg you, our God, in the violence and in the weakness, that there be none else to help us, but you, Yahweh, are a God ready to help us.
You shall eat the food that your hands have labored for; and you shall be blessed, and shall prosper.
and I will set it on a beautiful bed, and will set a table before it, and will spread my incense on it.
I said, I am not the Christ, but I was sent as a prophet. You are my witnesses in this matter.
The prince shall offer a burnt offering to Yahweh on the Sabbath day: six lambs without blemish, one ram without blemish,
If a rich man put gold on a ring, and put on fine clothing, and come in your synagogue, and a mantle of skins;
Then he divided the multitudes among the livestock, and gave them to rule over the servants; and he said to his servants, Go before me; and let all the multitude be burnt.
They said, What sign do you show us, that we may believe you? What do you want to do?
So they fled from the multitude, and entered into a deserted place.
Hurry therefore, and tell his disciples, Jesus is risen from the dead, and will come before you into Galilee, where you will see him.' We have told you.
Pharisees came to him, testing him, and saying, Is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife?
The wicked will be rewarded with vain gain, But the seed of his righteousness will be rewarded assuredly.
that I may leave a promise to you, that you may do to me according to all that I have done to you.
Mark the dog, and watch over the wicked, Watch over the circumcised.
And with a mighty hand, and with an outstretched hand, he is the God; for his loving kindness endures forever:
Their little ones shall be cut off in their sight, And their houses shall be taken away; And their wives shall be dishonored.
Deliver me from my enemies, Yahweh. Let me hide myself from you.
Come to me, and hear, and see, I have not spoken from the beginning in secret places. From this I am going. Now Yahweh, the Lord, has sent me with his Spirit.
A scoffer seeks wisdom, and doesn't find it; But a wise man makes haste to gain knowledge.
Rejoice in my works, and be glad forever; For I have created Jerusalem to please, And her people to please.
A maid saw Peter sitting and warming himself, and she opened her eyes, and said to him, This man also was with Jesus.
Blessed be God, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has raised him from the dead according to his lack of mercy,
When they saw me in the temple, I was finished. There was neither multitude nor confusion.
Yahweh spoke to you on the top of the mountain out of the midst of the fire:
If a man lies between two men, and the wife of one of them comes near to save him out of the hand of the man who struck him, and puts forth his hand, and takes the man's life;
Tell us, how much more will the tax collector give to Caesar?
Where is Yahweh? says the priest. He has not known me in the law, but has rebelled against me. He has prophesied against Baal, and has listened to vain things.
God came to Abimelech in a dream of the night, and said, You are a man whom you kill, because you took the woman.
David awoke, and took the rod in his hand; and he took two strokes of an ark of the testimony in the mountain, and put it under the roof of the sheep: and the man who took the ark of the testimony did the same: and he put the Philistines in his hand.
He said to the judges, As for your works, they are not for men, but for Yahweh. He was with you when you judged.
For Solomon asked for it, And the Lord spoke it willingly.
There is nothing for him who flees from the sea; His lips are burned as fire.
Then your lord will come and tell you, Give me this man!' and you will be ashamed, and will sit on the top of the throne.
For because they preached the Good News in the name of Christ, they received nothing from the Gentiles.
Why do you hear them speaking in parables, as you speak?
You shall be glad and rejoice. Many shall rejoice in his birth.
But I always remember you, for whatever good thing this will do to you, whether it is in me, or whether it is in you, I will show you the grace of God for a while.
Looking up, worshipping the angels, humbled, examining your own body and your wisdom, yet it is nothing of the lusts of the flesh.
I will make man more than pure gold, And man more than the gold of Ophir.
In the days of old there was darkness, and the moon didn't give its light.
For this is a sign to those who don't believe, that the world doesn't see the light of the Good News, which testifies to the glory of Christ, the glory of God.
Saul sent messengers to Jesse, saying, Send me David your son, the goat.
Rebekah took up the skirts of her house, which Esau her firstborn had put on Jacob,
They will gather wheat and gather briers. They will labor and not profit. They will be ashamed of their increase, because of the wrath of Yahweh.
For he will be like a wild donkey, And his arm will strike the people, And everyone's hand will strike him. He will stand before all his brothers.
But Peter and the eleven stood up, and spoke with a loud voice, and said to them, You Jews and all who dwell in Jerusalem, know this thing, and don't listen to me.
For the terrors that are come on me, The terrors that are come on me.
Give thanks to the Lord of Armies, For his loving kindness endures forever.
Oh that I would give the just balances! That God might know my integrity!
He put his head in a dish, and brought it to the woman: and she took it, and gave it to her mother.
Behold, the days are coming when all that is in your house, and that which your fathers have stored up until this day, will be carried to Babylon. Nothing will be left,' says Yahweh.
I will come to him, and they both will dream that night, and the dreams of the nations will be changed.
The meal offering of the priest shall be wholly burned: you shall not eat of it.
To him who brought Israel up out of Egypt; For his loving kindness endures forever:
Solomon followed Ashtoreth the goddess of the Sidonians, and Milcom the god of the abominations of the children of Ammon.
Therefore my heart is to Moab like the doves, and my heart to the Kir Heresites like the doves, for the spoil of their substance is not in them.
Jesus said to her, Woman, you are made well with your faith. Go in peace.
There were gates to the inner court southward, from the gate to the gate, to measure toward the south, one hundred cubits.
Those who sang gathered themselves together from the plains of Jerusalem, and from the villages of Nebuchadnezzar.
I will strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon, and deliver my sword into his hand; and I will break the arms of Pharaoh; and he shall cry before him, as one who cries in the ears of strangers.
The king will mourn, and the prince will be desolate; and the hands of the people will tremble, and I will do to them according to their ways; and I will judge them according to their judgments which they deserve. They knew that I am Yahweh.
Yahweh spoke suddenly to Moses, and to Aaron, and to Miriam, saying, Let three of you come out to the tent of meeting, and they three of them will come out.
I will go and take it away, I will bring it back that which is driven away, I will bind up that which is wounded, I will heal that which is sick, but I will destroy that which is fat, and I will punish them.
He came also out of the country of Tyre, through Sidon and Decapolis, to the sea of Galilee.
They called to the priests and the Levites, and said to them, Go to the cities of Judah, and set up the house of our God from year to year, as long as they live in this city. But there was no ruler over them.
Then one will take a young bull and two rams.
Thus says Jephthah, The children of Israel have not lived in the land of Moab, nor in the land of the children of Ammon.
Your servant said, Lord, I have done all that you have commanded me, but there is still room for them.'
Solomon purposed to build the house for the name of Yahweh, and to build the palace for his own kingdom.
gave his offering: one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
Every animal, and every creeping thing, and every bird, that creeps on the earth, out of the ark go their way.
But shun foolishness, and discipline, and the law; for it profits nothing.
They have put kings in their place, and not from me; They have made princes, and I don't know; They have taken their silver and their gold as idols, That they should be cut off.
To bind their kings in fetters of iron, And their princes in fetters of iron;
and the crown will be on Herom, and on Tobiah, and on Jadaiah, and on Hith the son of Zephaniah (the same is Josiah), for a memorial in the house of Yahweh.
Therefore I will wail for the vine of Sibmah, And the wailing of the Jazerites. I will water you with tears, For you are fruitful and joyful in your sight.
Throw them into the furnace, and there they will weep. They will gnaw the teeth.
Woe to you who are full grown! For you will be hungry. Woe to you who are hands! For you will mourn.
So the earth was covered with dust. All things were clothed as with clothing.
So my anger was kindled, and I was comforted by the anger that I had withheld; and I was kindled by the anger that I had withheld; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
They sacrificed their children to demons,
I have gone back in the revelation of God. My desire toward those who are notable has been revealed in the Good News of the Gentiles, that I not be burdened at this present time.
for many who are disobedient, those who speak deceitfully, are circumcised in Christ;
This is the chief priest whom I have chosen: He sits on the right hand of the throne of God in the heavenly places.
Arise, go to Zarephath of Sidon, and live there. Behold, I have commanded a widow to nourish you in the land.
The angel of Yahweh appeared to him in the bush. He saw the bush; and behold, the bush was not burnt.
It happened in the second year of Darius, in the eleventh month, in the twenty-fourth day of the month Sebad, that the word of Yahweh came to Zechariah the son of Berechiah, the prophet, the son of Iddo, saying,
Therefore, don't become obstinate with unrighteousness, but keep a feast of unrighteousness with pureness of heart.
Jehoiada died, being old and full of days. He was one hundred thirty years old when he died.
The kingdoms of the heavens and the dominions and the dominions of the peoples shall be given to the saints of the earth, and their kingdoms shall be to him for ever. All the kingdoms of the earth shall serve him with all their might.
They are as bushes, as wine and as wine, drunken with water, yet they shall be burned as dry grass.
He said to the man, Stretch out your hand. He immediately stretched out his hand, and came to the man, like another hand.
The breadth of the wall that looks toward the south was opposite the separate place, and over against the house were all these chambers.
He lived in the hill country of Ephraim, in Ramah, and in Bethel, under the lords of Deborah: and all Israel went to him, and judged him.
Out of the tribe of Issachar, Kishon with its suburbs, and Taberath with its suburbs,
The captain of the guard called Jeremiah, and said to him, Behold, Yahweh your God has said, Let this evil come on the land.
But I have made a covenant with you in the day that you came forth out of Egypt. Don't be afraid, for my Spirit dwells in you.
One who doesn't give gifts except that which is good in my sight, is like a cloud that doesn't rain.
their camels were four hundred thirty-five; their donkeys were six thousand one hundred twenty.
The first living creature was like a lion; and the second living creature was like a calf, and the third living creature was like a man, so that he lived as a flying bird.
They offer sacrifices on the tops of the mountains, and burn incense in the oaks, and under the fir trees, and under the fir trees; for their shade is good: therefore your daughters have played the prostitute, and your souls have played the prostitute.
Jesus stood before the proconsul, and the proconsul said to him, Are you the King of the Jews? He said to him, You say so.
Mourn, and weep. Lay your hands on sorrow. Rejoice, and be sorrowful.
Then those who sat in the council took the golden image of Stephen, and saw his face as the face of an angel.
As for the prophets, my heart was troubled within me; and all my bones were broken in righteousness: for Yahweh's sake, and for his holy word, I was like a drunken man, like one who is better than he.
When they have made an end of prophesying to the people, they shall set up the captains of the army over them, to seek the people.
Let the earth sing for joy to God!
Heshbon and Elealeh went up to Jahaz with mourning. Therefore Moab cried with a loud voice, and their heart trembled.
Behold, they pass by, and behold, he is no more; yes, I find none.
If I say, Lest I forget my murmurings; Lest I mar my sorrows;
They brought up the ark of Yahweh, and the tent of meeting, and all the holy vessels that were in the Tent; and the priests and the Levites bore it.
All the congregation of Israel shall you bring out from twenty years old and upward, all who are able to go out to war, according to their fathers' houses, to be reckoned by count.
You desire to know how men will deal with you, and you ought to deal with them.
When evil comes on us, the sword, and the rule, the pestilence, and the famine, and the pestilence, then shall we stand before this house, and cry before you; for you have called for your name; and we will be saved in this house.
then hear from heaven, your dwelling place and all their prayer, according to all that the Gentiles have asked of you; make all the peoples of the earth know your name, that you are a prophet, and that you are a shepherd of Israel your people.
There is no man so bold to come on him: therefore who can stand before me?
They turned aside from the council, and were filled with joy, for it was fitting that they should be treated shamefully for the name of the Lord.
Moses spoke to Yahweh, saying,
It is not so: in all these things you have put your trust in Yahweh, who has obtained a perfect sanctuary.
When Samson had made an end of thirst, he cried to Yahweh, and said, See now, you have worked great salvation by the hand of your servant; but I don't seek whether I shall die, or the uncircumcised?
Of the Levites, Ahijah oversees the house of Yahweh's treasures, and the treasures of the sanctuary.
The woman conceived, and bore a son, and when she saw that he was a goodly child, she covered him for three months.
Yet the Lord God doesn't dwell in houses built by hands, as the prophets do, saying,
Aaron ran to the congregation, as Moses had said: and behold, the plague was in the midst of the people. He incensed the people, and made atonement for them.
Bezek, which is in the wilderness, is for the Reubenites; Rabbah, which is for the Gadites; Koram, which is for the Manassites.
For the fortified cities are become a desolation, and the houses of the waste like the wilderness; and the calves shall eat grass there, and shall lie down, and shall eat the leaves of the trees.
All the people, the men of war with him, went to the forefront of the city, and encamped in the north of Ai: and there was between him and Ai a valley.
When you are come to the land which Yahweh your God gives you to possess it, and shall inherit it, and dwell therein;
They went every man his way without an ephod; neither did the sword flee from them any more.
A prophet came near to Ahab king of Israel, and said, Thus says Yahweh, Do you see a great multitude? behold, I have delivered them into your hand this day; and you know that I am Yahweh.
Yahweh said, Babylon, take my inheritance; for you are glad and rejoice, because you leap up and leap like a heifer of grain, and love it.
Don't deceive yourselves, for God is not a reproach. They will be gathered together according to his multitude.
When he flees into the city of refuge, you shall not take him away from the council, but shall lay him down before the priest dead,
Consume them, Lord, and frustrate their words; For I have seen violence and contention in the city.
for he will establish your words against you, that you may be guilty or not guilty.
But the righteous shall rejoice, And they shall rejoice before God, And they shall rejoice at all times.
He said to them, See you what you hear. With what measure will you measure, and God will measure to you the measure with the measure, so that you will be increased?
I will draw near with the plumb line of Samaria, and with the plumb line of the house of Ahab, to Jerusalem; and it shall be as when seven men came to Jerusalem on the wall, and seven times the number of them.
He said to him, What can I do for you? You said to me, What is your house? He said, Your handmaid has kept a jar of oil in your house, and there is nothing at all.
When you once walked in the lusts of life, you were also led in the lusts of the life.
There is also the body of heaven, and there is also the body of the earth, but the light of the elements is not like the light of the earth.
Nevertheless my eyes are on them, They don't destroy them, Nor destroy them in the wilderness.
The border of it went down to the river Kanah, which is on the south side of the river, between the cities of Manasseh, which are of the children of Ephraim: and the border of Manasseh was by the north side of the river, until the goings out of it were at the sea.
For they have laid a snare secretly, a pit in the midst of the pit, for my life.
Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you desire to have one come in, and the other to have another come in; but you desire to have another become as he is, and the other to have him.
In the second year of Darius, in the eighth month, the Word of Yahweh came to Zechariah the son of Berechiah, the prophet, the son of Iddo, saying,
They speak proudly in their mouth. All those who do evil prosper.
I cut off the Amorites from before them; they exalted themselves as the cedars, and lifted up their mighty ones as the oaks: but I destroyed the fruit of it, and brought it to nothing.
This is the case of the captivity: to Ezra the priest, and to certain heads of fathers' houses, according to their fathers' houses, are written in their names; and in the tenth month are these written in the book of the testimony.
That they may hear of the song of thanksgiving, And declare all your wondrous works.
Let us serve Yahweh with a joyful heart. Let us sing before him.
Therefore love the foreigner, for you know that you lived as foreigners in the land of Egypt.
They said, We will not drink; for Jonadab the son of Rechab, our father, commanded us, saying, Drink no wine, you and your children forever.
But Jesus didn't need to give the priesthood to another man, for he lived forever.
They divided my garments by lot, And divided my garments by lot.
You have been made free from sin, And have become bondservants of righteousness.
that I might show the truth, and let him labor for you in Laodicea, and for the Greek people.
Don't give the dove that is tender to the wild animal. Don't forget the life of the poor forever.
As for man, his days are like grass. His prosperity is like the flower of the field,
He made of pure gold a lampstand, its lampstands, its pillars, its cups, its branches, and its flowers; he made them of beaten work.
By many oppressions a man cried out; and by the oppression of his oppressors, he saved.
Then Yahweh answered the angel who talked with me with good words and with comfort.
Behold, I show them this time; and I will show them my strength and my strength: and they shall know that my name is Yahweh.
But Job said to her, Why do you speak as the foolish women speak? Why do you bless God, and don't you afflict him at all? This thing is vanity, and it is an evil thing in our sight.
The sword is given to men for a light, that they may take hold of it; and it is sharpened and furbished, that it may be given into the hand of man to kill.
Samuel said to him, I will sacrifice to Yahweh for peace. Cleanse yourselves, and go with me, and sacrifice. Samuel cleansed Jesse and his sons, and gave them to the sacrifice.
Give to us, that we may have something, and measure it with the measuring line. Wave it in and wave it, and fill it with fat, and pour out your garments. For whatever you measure, you shall measure it out.
I know the way of man, Yahweh, not from myself, Neither shall one walk in his own steps.
those who were numbered of them, of the tribe of Simeon, were thirty-five thousand four hundred.
If the life of our father, and the life of this little child, aren't with us, then let me return to my father's servant.
From the day that the rain came, the waters dropped, And so did the grasshoppers.
They made a sash of fine twined linen, blue, purple, and scarlet, and made a sash on the work of the hand of the embroiderer, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
You shall take the breastplate, and put the Urim and the Thummim in the breastplate.
and the fourth row a chrysolite, an onyx, and a jasper: these were all of gold in the settings.
They went out, and came into the city, and found everything that was spoken concerning Jesus. They made there the Passover.
They will tell you, In the last days, there will be those who, according to the lusts of their own lusts, will be revealed; and they will laugh at the faith of others.
The elders lifted up their eyes, and saw the guests in the street of the city, and said to him, Where are you from? Where are you going?
Don't delight in them, Yahweh. Don't give them their counsel, That they may be proud. Selah.
It happened, when the day of Israel's death came, that he called Joseph his son, and said to him, If now I have found favor in your eyes, please put your hand on my thigh, that I may swear to you, that you will do me no harm, and that you will bury me in Egypt.
Then Adonijah was afraid for Solomon's sake, and rose up and took the horns of the altar.
He said to them, I will give bread to him, for that is the man. He dipped a piece of bread in the water, and gave it to Judas the son of Simon, the Chaldean.
You are my brothers, and the faithful servants of Tychicus, that will declare to you everything that I have done.
So they cast lots for Jonah, and they cast lots for him. They said to him, Tell us, Please, where are you from? Is this your land? Is it your land? Is it your land?
For God made the ungodly Christ to bear our sins, that we might be in him, and that he might build him up.
Now I tell you, I will do many things to my vineyard, and I will break down its walls, and it will be swallowed up. I will break down its walls, and it will be trodden under foot.
Behold, your words shall be swift; and they shall know that there was a prophet among them.
His bones are full of the strength of his youth, But he shall lie with him in the ground.
The divisions of the children of Eleazar and of the children of Ithamar were according to their divisions: one was for the prince in the sanctuary, and another for the prince in the sight of God.
Then said Saul to Jonathan, What have you to tell me concerning you? Jonathan said, If I dip a rod in the tip of my hand, and see if I can find out the truth?
This is the love which we have toward him, that we should live by his commandments. This commandment was heard from the beginning.
When I brought your fathers out of Egypt, you came under the sea; and the Egyptians pursued your fathers with their chariots and with their horsemen for the Red Sea.
He made poles of acacia wood, and overlaid them with brass.
The multitude of the people and the Gentiles were mixed, after their manner.
The fourth was full of grace and power, and great wonders and signs were done among the people.
Then they brought the tablets and the tablets, and laid them in order to put them in before Jesus.
Then the princes of Moab arose, and went to Balak, and said, Balaam will not come with us.
He went out with his disciples to a certain place called Gideon Zemenes. He said to his disciples, Stay here until I come and pray.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Behold, the kings of Judah have sent you to inquire of me, saying, Thus shall you tell him, Behold, these come forth to help Pharaoh's army in the land of Egypt.
to Titus, my son in faith: Grace to you and peace from God our Father and Christ Jesus our Savior.
But afterward I will bring back the captivity of the children of Ammon, says Yahweh.
You have made your ornaments in the garden of Eden of God of all kinds, with ruby, topaz, and gold, with psalteries, and with psalteries, and with psalteries, and with psalteries, and with psalteries, and with harps, and with psalteries, and with harps, and with psalteries.
Moses went up into the cloud on the mountain, and Moses stayed all night on the mountain forty days.
But if you love one another, you will know that you are my disciples.
There will be no night there, neither the light of the lamp nor the sun. For the Lord God will shine on them, and they will reign forever.
and a tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mixed with the fourth part of a hin of beaten oil for a meal offering;
There is Assyria and all her multitude; Their graves are round about them; They are all slain by the sword.
As for all the evil neighbors, they have destroyed my inheritance, even all Israel; thus says Yahweh: Behold, I will drive them out of their land, and will drive them out from the midst of the house of Judah.
Then the princes were angry with Jeremiah, and struck him, and put him in the house of Jonathan the scribe, because they had made him a prisoner.
He will judge the world in righteousness, And peoples in justice.
and all the food, and the linen, and the oil, and the honey, that I have given you, with which to feed them; you shall set it before them, and shall spread it before you, says the Lord Yahweh:
But he said, You shall not turn aside into the cities of the Gentiles, which are not of the children of Israel, but shall rather go over to Gibeah.
From thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service, for work in the Tent of Meeting.
He threw the sickle on the earth, and cut off the grapes of the earth, and threw them into the winepress of the fierceness of the wrath of God.
When you are driven away, and have something in the heavens, then Yahweh your God will gather you from there, and gather you from there;
When I shall speak concerning a nation, and concerning a kingdom, to build and to plant;
If he receives us, then we will give him the blessing; but if not, let him take away the blessing.
But Jesus said, See you don't go astray. For many will come in my name, saying, I am he,' and, When the hour comes, don't follow them.
It happened after this, that the Moabites and the children of Ammon gathered themselves together to fight against Jehoshaphat.
Yahweh said to her, Take me now a third of the oxen, and a third of the goats, and a third of the rams, and a turtledove, and a little bird.
They reasoned among themselves, saying, We brought no bread. He said so.
He who commits disobedience is of the devil, because the devil sins from the beginning. The Son of God is revealed to destroy the devil's kingdom.
You shall break every fortified city, and every beautiful city, and cut down every goodly tree, and cleave to every spring, and stone every goodly field.
You shoot aloud against you. You shoot aloud in anger. You burn them as grass.
They have soon gone out of the way which I commanded them; they have brought them forth a calf, and have bowed themselves down to it, and sacrificed to it, saying, This is your god, the children of Israel, who came forth out of the land of Egypt.
Our refuge and our strength, God is the help of those who are in trouble.
save save save; that in heaven and in heaven there might be no name given to you.
Your eyes are a lamp to the body, And all eyes are light. When your eyes are dim, your whole body is darkened.
The strength of those who fled was stretched out, and they stood in the shade of Heshbon: but a fire came out from Heshbon, and a flame came forth from Sihon, and devoured all the land of Moab, and all the kingdoms of the earth.
Then I, Daniel, saw the vision, and sought to see the interpretation; and behold, there stood before me a vision of a man.
My brothers, the greatest is this: Don't swear by heaven, or by anything on earth, saying, No, but by God, and not by God.
I will cause them to go into captivity in the peoples, and I will gather them together to their own land, so that there shall not be a man left; and they shall know that I am Yahweh their God.
Be far from me, Yahweh. Hurry to help me, God, my strength.
When it was day, Pharaoh's heart didn't rest, and he sent and called all the magicians and the magicians to Egypt, and Pharaoh told them what he had dreamed, and there was no one who could stand before Pharaoh.
Simon Peter answered him, Lord, whose are your living words, which we must follow after?
Consider whether I have done evil. Seek my way of life forever.
Behold, it comes, you hear, and it is my beloved's voice. He dances in the mountains, And dances in the hills.
It happened in the eleventh year, in the first month, in the seventh day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
There will be the sounding of the voice to the end of the earth, for Yahweh will be with the nations, and he will contend with them, and he will deliver them to the sword, says Yahweh.
There were also seven sons and three daughters.
Yes, I will boast greatly, because he who does these things is such a one.
Now Hannah was silent in her heart. She couldn't hear the voice of her voice except with her lips: therefore Eli considered that she was drunken.
You ought not to stand in the midst of them, but those who flee. You ought not to deliver the remnant to the adversary in the day of their calamity.
The seed of his servants shall inherit the land, And those who love him shall dwell in it.
The rest of the families of the sons of Kohath, according to their cities, were ten cities with their suburbs.
Does it profit a man from God? Yes, it profit a wise man.
Jacob said to Laban, after Rachel bore Joseph, Send me away, that I may go to my own place, and my own border.
and bring the silver and the gold that the king and his counselors desired to offer, to the God of Israel, who dwells in Jerusalem;
and you shall teach them all that I command you, and remember how that I was with you all the days of my life, even to the end of the age.
and let all the hard things of his heart come to his head, and he will tell him, I have not even shaved my head, because I am a Nazirite to Yahweh from my mother's womb. If I am lifted up, I will be as it were my strength, and I will turn away from the law.
He who overcomes, I will clothe him also in white, and I will in no way blot out his name from the living. He and my Father and his angels will call me name.
greets you, all the brothers. Greet one another with a holy kiss.
Israel said, Why will you do me this harm, and tell the man that you have a brother?
You will tear them in pieces with a rod of iron, shattering them as if to speak.
If I go up into heaven, there you are. If I sleep in Sheol, there you are.
A voice came to Ramah, and she wept bitterly. Rachel mourned for her children. She refused to be comforted, for they were all no more.
When his brothers saw that his father loved Joseph, they hated Joseph and spoke peace with him.
He answered the king, Who is like David, among your servants? Behold, he is the king's son-in-law, and a counselor to you, in the house where you are.
Is the tiller of the ground tilling the sower's feet? Or does he till the clods of his ground continually?
David also took Ahinoam the Jezreelite: and they were both his wives.
Moses brought forth the people out of the camp to meet God. They stood under the mountain.
He shall kill him at the side of the altar on the north side before Yahweh: and Aaron's sons the priests shall sprinkle his blood on the altar round about.
His daughter's name was Seirah, who went to Beth Horon, and to Beth Horon, and to Uzziel.
Paul, a prisoner of Christ Jesus, to Timothy our brother, whom I also love,
You have planted wickedness, and reaped iniquity, and eaten the fruit of falsehood; because you have trusted in your ways, and in many mighty works of yours.
Moses and Aaron fell down before all the congregation of the children of Israel.
Why do the nations prophesy? Why do the peoples plot vanity?
knowing this, that he longed to have his father's blessing denied, because he didn't find a way to change his father's mind, yet his eyes were dim, and he refused to bless.
The burden of Tyre. Wail, you ships of Tarshish; for Tyre is laid waste, and there is no house, neither does any man go out to help them. From the land of Kittim you shall know the distress.
The Jews therefore said, Where I am going, you can't go', and will he go and be ensnared?
and with you will I break in pieces young men and virgins; and with you will I break in pieces shepherds and their flocks; and with you will I break in pieces farmers and their herds; and with you will I break in pieces the kingdom and theirs.
I will bring you into the wilderness of the Gentiles, where I will give you judgment.
The high priest said, Is this so?
For when the Lord heard the noise of chariots and horses, even the noise of great armies, the army of the Syrians, they said one to another, Behold, this is the king of Israel who bought the kings of Heth, and the kings of Egypt, and brought them against the king.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were fifty-nine thousand three hundred.
Behold, when they went a great way, the foundations of the prison were shaken; and immediately all the prison was opened, and the legs of the prisoners' feet were taken away.
and the seven trumpets of rams' horns, the seven priests, went straight before the ark of Yahweh with the trumpets; and they went forward in the army, after that they followed the ark of Yahweh; and they went forward two times.
Most assuredly I tell you, there shall not fail to pass away from heaven anything of the law, news and fulfillment of the law.
The king of Egypt said to them, Why will you burden the people with their works, Moses and Aaron? See that you do the work that is right for you.
who obtained the Holy Spirit, and knew that he had seen the Lord, Jesus Christ,
Don't provoke a father to anger with his children, That he won't give them up in the spirit.
and you shall offer half a hin of wine for a drink offering, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Behold, they shall go in to hide themselves from evil; and the Egyptians shall gather them, and the Mophim shall bury them; and that which they desire they shall send forth, and put out of their tents.
I am a Jew, born in Tarsus, in the city of Gamaliel, in Jerusalem, a disciple of the high places of the Gentiles, who serves God in all the kingdoms of the world,
He commanded the twelve, and departed from there, and went into the neighbor's city, teaching and preaching the Good News.
Now there was a certain centurion whose servant was sick, and was about to die.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Take your rod, and stretch out your hand over the waters in Egypt, over their rivers, and over their pools, and over all their pools; and pour out your blood on them.' He carried them away captive, and killed them in the blood of Egypt.
David said to the servants who were with him in Jerusalem, Come up, and flee; for if not, they will not escape from Absalom: but come you quickly, and fear him, lest he overtake you, and strike you with the sword.
Know therefore that the word of this salvation has been preached to the Gentiles, and that they will hear and receive it.
Woe to you, nation, if your king is a child, And your princes are joyful in the morning!
He took Jesus at his feet, and blessed him, and he was a Samaritan.
Your lips are like scarlet, Your lips are beautiful, Your cheeks are like a piece of a pomegranate behind its veil.
Is the eagle sitting on high above the earth at your command?
You fathers, don't provoke children to anger; but humble them in the Lord, with his discipline and his teaching.
It happened after this, that Jeroboam didn't turn from his evil way, and appointed to him from among all the people a high priest, everyone who was willing, to separate him from the high priest whom he had prepared.
then will I establish your kingdom over Israel, as I made a covenant with your father David, saying, Your sons shall have dominion over Israel forever and ever.
Don't eat the bread of a sluggard, Neither be drunken with his dainties.
All winged creeping things, that go on all fours, shall be an abomination to you.
He said, Bring a cake of figs. They brought it, and laid it on the boil, and the king was made well.
But he said to them, You won't know the time and the day that the Father has power alone.
until Yahweh gives peace to your brothers, and to you have he given peace; and they shall possess the land which Yahweh your God gives beyond the Jordan, everyone also to his possession.
Then the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
For if a man doesn't keep one of the ordinances of the law, he doesn't have all the statute;
For uncircumcised and uncircumcised women don't enter into the flesh, but in the highest, keeping the commandments of God.
Then they answered before the king, and said, Daniel, who is of the children of the captivity of Judah, doesn't care for you, O king, and for all the work of your hands; but they speak three times a day.
To him who created the body; For his loving kindness endures forever;
This is the book of the generations of Noah. Noah is righteous, and the children of the generation are perfect. Noah walks with God.
and he said these things to him, Behold, the Hebrew servant, whom you have brought up your household, comes to me,
But on those days, when Mordecai was sitting at the king's gate, there were with him two of the king's officers, Ben Hadad and Teresh, who were afraid to kill the king Assyria.
Pharaoh said, Behold, the people of the land are multiplied now, and you know that you will call them to their work.
He drove out the nations from before them; He measured the lands of the Gentiles with cords; He gave them for an inheritance: He brought the tribes of Israel into the tents of the nations.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Yahweh said to Moses, When you return into Egypt, mark out all that I have given into your hand, and do it before Pharaoh; but I will not spare his heart, neither will I spare his people.
The breasts of Zion are always better than snow, and whiter than milk; and their body is also better than the breasts of men, as the appearance of a sapphire stone.
As for Jehoiakim king of Judah, thus shall you say, Thus says Yahweh, What shall you write in it, saying, The king of Babylon shall destroy this land, and all the animals of the land?
Yahweh said to Joshua, Arise, why have you fallen this way on the earth?
Then the disciples came to him, saying, Who is the greatest in the Kingdom of Heaven?
For your arrows are on me. Your hand holds me firmly.
Jesus went with him. Many of those who were at large followed him.
He overlaid the house with gold, and the bars of it, with gold, and the bars of it, and the doors of it, with gold, and with cherubim.
For thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will now take away the inhabitants of this land, and I will cause them to sleep, and I will give them light.
that Yahweh may multiply your days, and your children's days, in the land which he swore to your fathers, as it is in the days when the sky is darkened.
He went to Shechem; for all Israel were come to Shechem to make him king.
Go you, inquire of Yahweh for me and for the people, and for all Judah, concerning the words that are found in this book; for Yahweh has angry with you, because your fathers didn't listen to them; you have done according to all that is written in this book:
It happened in the days of Abiathar, when he made the high priest, that David went into the house of God, and ate the bread that was on the altar, and gave it to those who followed; and there was no one who ate the bread that was on the altar, according to the law.
and their meal offering shall be of fine flour mixed with oil, three tenth parts for each bull, two tenth parts for each ram, and two tenth parts for each bull;
All the people praise him, and testify about him. We testify about him, and you know that our witness is true.
If you understand, listen to this voice. Turn your ear to me.
Let my tongue sing praise to your word; For all your commandments are righteousness.
They said, Don't put forth your hands to this little child, neither do you do anything to him; for now I know that you fear God, and you have not given your son to me, the son of your father.
He also questioned the Jews who spoke with him, but they didn't always seek to kill him.
and I will clothe him with your garments, and dress him with your belts, and deliver the dominion over him into his hand; and he shall be ruler over the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and over the house of Judah.
but to the other side he went to Capernaum in the boat. It was now evening, and Jesus had not yet come to them.
He said to them, Where is he from? For his son saw the way that the servants of Yahweh who came from Judah went.
Listen, and I will come even to you. Blessed is the man who keeps the words of the prophecy.
Moses turned and came down from the mountain, and took in his hand two tables of the covenant, and two tables with them, and two tables of the writing.
Yahweh is great, and worthy of great praise. His word has no end.
So I was taken away from me in my dwelling, as a tent keeper of sheep; and I brought up my soul to be like this father. He brought me up out of the ark of Yahweh from the beginning; and I lived in the house of Yahweh.
Jesus answered them, You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your mind.
Azariah the priest took the valiant man of God, and eighty priests after him.
Saul said, Cast lots for me and for Jonathan my son. He cast lots for Jonathan.
Take away my rebuke from me, For I am consumed from under your hand.
There the centurion found a ship of Alexandria, which was to go to Italy. He called to us the ship.
The children of Israel encamped, every man according to his armies, and every nation after their divisions, and every nation after their standards.
So far this day, they have not eaten the root of the first fruits of Israel; for the man has sown the root of Jacob's groaning.
Hezekiah commanded to prepare the barns in the house of Yahweh; and they prepared them.
What do you think about him? Whose seed is he? They answered him, The seed of David.
For I remain in Christ Jesus, and I serve God in glory.
those who were numbered of them, of the tribe of Gad, were fifty-three thousand four hundred.
So will I not do to you every man, if you don't forgive your brothers with all your heart.
The waters continued from the earth one hundred fifty days, and the waters subsided.
In those times, justice shall dwell in the wilderness, And righteousness in the fruitful field.
According to the teaching of our Lord Jesus Christ, I myself know that the days of my departure are at hand.
The king answered, I have seen that you are slack; for you know that the dream is forgotten by me.
that he might bring about a resurrection of the dead, to the end that the light of salvation might be proclaimed to the Jews and to the Gentiles.
Brothers, do good, and don't give yourself to it.
The Egyptians pursued, and all the horses of Pharaoh, and his chariots, and all his army, were encamped beside the sea by Pihahiroth over against Baal Zephon, and encamped against them in the land of Israel.
This was done in the second year of king Darius, in the sixth month, on the twentieth day of the month, in the fourth day of the month.
Men shall bring the glory of the nations, and the honor of the earth, to this city.
For you know the truth, and the sexual immorality, and the uncleanness, and the sexual immorality (which is a idolatry), of those who are not Christ and of those who are of the Kingdom of God.
Neither shall they bear witness with you that I am this day accused.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: I will bring on them many, and I will cause them to be cast into the sea, and they shall be taken captive.
From that time Balak took Balaam to the mountain of Shephim, and went up to the top of Pisgah, and built seven altars, and offered up a bull and a ram on every altar.
So you also were taught in Nicolaus.
Moses commanded the children of Israel according to the word of Yahweh, saying, That which the tribe of the children of Joseph shall speak.
Take your father or your mother, and say, This is not sin; for such a man is a fool.
We therefore say together, Build yourselves an altar, not for burnt offering, nor for sacrifice;
There comes salvation to Yahweh. Sing praises to your people. Selah.
saying, If you are King of the Jews, save yourselves!
Brothers, I came to you not using beautiful words, or wisdom, to make you known in the mystery of God;
She hurried, and put her pitchers in the water pots, and ran to the water pots, and made all her camels drink water.
This is the law of Moses for their journeying according to the commandment of Yahweh.
When you go, it won't be hidden. When you flee, it won't be found out.
I will stretch out my hand, and strike him with all the wonders that I will do in Egypt; and afterward he shall go in to you.
The captain of the guard took Seraiah the chief priest, and Zephaniah the second priest, and the three keepers of the threshold:
Another angel came out from the temple, and cried to him who sat in the cloud, saying, Let your sickle be raised up, for it is a appointed time.
At the side of the gate, at the entrance of the gate, In the entrance of the gate, cried out,
In that day the height of it, the height of the skin, and the height of the skin, from the beginning of it, shall be exceedingly awesome; and they shall make their land desolate, and their offerings shall be to Yahweh, the God of Armies, to cause his name to dwell there, forever.
They shall go forth to see the dead bodies of those who rebel against me; for their worm doesn't die, and their fire doesn't go forth; and all flesh shall abhor them.
Rejoice in Yahweh, you righteous, And remember his holy name.
Be careful before him that you don't rebel against him, nor turn aside from his word; for he is called by my name. He has not forgiven your transgressions.
You say, They are,' and you say, They are,' and you say, They are not;' but the rest of the people, that they came out of the devil.
For thus says Yahweh: David shall be a throne forever over Israel;
Only the tree of wickedness shall not eat of it: for it shall not be eaten in the day of your death.
But I will sing of your strength. In the morning I will shout for your loving kindness, For you have been my high tower, My refuge in the day of trouble.
Your counsel is wonderful, so that you are weary: now therefore let those who are in heaven, who see the stars, and who prophesy in a month, arise, and save you from whatever comes on you.
Micaiah said, I have seen all the children of Israel that are scattered on the mountains, as sheep that were not shepherded. Thus says Yahweh, The men are not left, everyone in his own house.
You shall hang the veil above, and put the ark of the testimony within the veil; and it shall be to you for a veil apart from the sanctuary.
The eye is a snare for evil. The lips are for that evil to happen.
Korah called the assembly together to the door of the tent of meeting, and fought against them: and the glory of Yahweh appeared in the assembly.
The seashore will become pasture, pasture for the shepherds, and flock pasture.
Joshua the son of Nun possessed a wise spirit; for Moses laid his hands on him; and the children of Israel listened to him, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
God has spoken this thing. I have heard two things, that power belongs to God,
Therefore you shall return to your God. You shall keep love, justice, and patience with your God.
Their rocks are not like our rocks, So are your enemies.
Judah said to his father, Israel, Send us away, that we may live, we and we, and our children, that they not die.
They brought horses from all places to Solomon out of Egypt.
David didn't go up into heaven, but said, God says to my Lord, Sit at my right hand,
to Timothy my beloved son, whom I have written: Grace, mercy, and peace be to you from God our Father and Christ Jesus our Lord.
I tell your sons who speak to you, Be imitators of our ways, and let your heart be enlarged.
Didn't they teach you, and tell you, Saying the words of his heart?'
I heard a great word in the house. Behold, a man stood by me.
The waters that are many shall not fail, nor the flood that passes away; and whoever shall make his house full of the heritage of the house shall be cut off, and he shall be utterly confounded.
one young bull, one ram, one male lamb a year old, for a burnt offering;
Judge me, Yahweh, my God. Don't let them glory in me, According to your righteousness.
The thirty-seven thousand and five hundred, all of them valiant and skillful in their might, who could help the king's adversaries.
But when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came into the land, we said, Come, and let us go up to Jerusalem from the army of the Chaldeans, and from the army of the Syrians: for so we have stayed here in Jerusalem.
I know your affliction and your poverty; for you are rich; and I know that you have been slandered by those who call the Jews; and they are not Jews: for they are the companions of Satan.
Cursed be he who doesn't keep the words of the law. All the people shall say, Amen.
The children of Ammon saw that they were made abhorred of David; and they sent and hired out Syrians of Beth Rehob, and Syrians of Zobah, and Syrians of the army of the people, and ten thousand men of the king of Maacah, and twelve thousand men of Dob.
Son of man, for Tyre is toward Jerusalem, saying, Ahha! the gate of the kings of the lands has fallen, and it is returned to me; I will be made desolate in it.
and his offering, one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
Praise Yahweh, Jerusalem! Praise your God, Zion!
But woe to those who are with child in those days!
As a bird that flies in the sky, So a bird that flies in the sky can't be fulfilled without a curse.
Whoever speaks a truth gives account of it in righteousness, But a false witness discloses deceit.
My skin is blackened, And my bones are burned with heat.
For whoever finds me will find life, and he will find favor from Yahweh.
and over the king's treasures was Azmabeth the son of Atiel; and over the fields, and over the high places, and over the incense altars, and over the treasures, was Jonathan the son of Uzziah.
So the people passed over to Gilgal, and made Saul king before Yahweh in Gilgal; and there they offered sacrifices of peace offerings before Yahweh. Saul rejoiced with all Israel.
Didn't you pour me out like milk, That I should join together like butter?
For Yahweh hardened their heart against Israel, and fought against them, and utterly destroyed them, and didn't find mercy, so that they perished utterly, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
You say, No, but we will ride in the horse,' so you go, and say, We will ride on this swift animal.' and you overtake them.
Your hand is exalted, Yahweh. They will not see it. They will see your zeal for the people, and be ashamed; and the fire shall devour your enemies.
and unleavened bread, and unleavened cakes with oil, and unleavened wafers anointed, shall you make of the finest of it.
As Jonah of old was, and Jabbok and Moses against each other, so these also war against the truth. Their hearts have been corrupted, and the faith has been lost in them.
For the ships of Kittim shall come against her, and she shall be grieved in spirit, and shall return: and she shall wait for the covenant, and do according to her will; and she shall return, and forsake the covenanters.
You shall die in safety, and shall eat long days, and be buried.
They offered the spoil of their war, to repair the house of Yahweh.
Those who were in the jails drew near with their lamps set on fire, and sprang into them; and they bowed themselves with their faces to Paul and Silas.
The fifth angel sounded. I saw a star falling down out of the sky. It had a key that didn't contain the star.
It happened in the morning, that David rose up with his men, and rose up, and departed into the land of the Philistines: and the Philistines went to Jezreel.
There appeared a great sign in the sky, and a woman in the sun, and on her knees, and on her knees, and on her twelve crowns.
That you may sit down together in my kingdom, and eat and drink, and judge the twelve tribes of Israel on a throne.
Whoever he who has the discharge touches, the vessel shall be broken; and the wood shall be washed with water.
Speak to the people, saying, Behold, your brothers the children of Esau dwell in Seir: pass over their border, and they shall fear you: therefore be you very sure.
I know my transgressions. My sins are continually before me.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Behold, I will raise up your weapons, which you have put in array in my city, and in the king of Babylon, and in the army of the Chaldeans who are against you; and they shall be for a possession in this city.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh, before Yahweh. Let my cry come to you.
Do likewise, as with your violence, and pursue after them; And terrify them by your great wind.
Having said these things, Jesus said to them, Lazarus, your friend, is asleep. I will wake him up.
Because they forsook the covenant of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, which he made with them, when he brought them out of the land of Egypt;
Now therefore don't impute iniquity to him, for you are a wise man, and know how you should deal with him. You shall bring down the blood of Sheol on his head.
The children of Gad lived in the land of Bashan over against Reuben, to Salecah.
Jonathan didn't hear the oath which their father swore to the people: therefore stretched out the rod that was in his hand, and spread it on the honeycomb: and his hand went out to his mouth, and his eyes to the winepress.
If it is possible for him to withhold from you the gift of the Lord, who am I,
But because the uncircumcised sin of the flesh has perished, we have now been raised up together with Christ. For God has forgiven all our iniquities,
You shall fall by the sword, and I will judge you in the border of Israel; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Love is patience and compassion. Love is not envy, nor boasting, nor lifting up;
You shall teach them statutes and ordinances, and shall teach them the way by which they shall go, and the works which they shall do.
It was so, that when David had brought him into the house, he became wife to David, and bore him a son. But Yahweh was displeased with David because of all his works.
The angel said to David, The enemy is too strong for us, and is come out against us to fight; and we will strike him to the entrance of the gate.
The earth gave its place to grain, but the beginning of it gave its place to grain, and it chewed the cud but it chewed the cud but it chewed the cud.
They received him into the boat, and immediately the boat entered into his place.
but I tell you, as it is written, Elijah is come, and they have done to him according to their will.
Hushai said, You know that your father and his men are mighty men: now their hearts are fierce, like a bear that is bereaved of her children in the field; and your father and her people are vile.
Your father made our yoke grievous: now therefore make you lighter, your father's yoke, which he put on us, and our yoke; and we will serve you.
and I will not make this covenant with you, nor this oath;
Jesus answered him, At evening, you say, Because the sky is red, so that tomorrow it will be rained on.'
Now these are the chiefs of the children of Israel in their divisions.
not to bestow on you that which you have received, the words of the prophets, and the hands of the elders;
It shall happen, when the man is without reason that he shall come to the fat land of the province, and shall do that which his fathers and their fathers have not done: he shall make restitution for the spoil, and for the prey, and shall cause his land to fail, and be desolate, until the time of his visitation.
Moses said to them, Stand still until I hear what Yahweh has commanded you.
Jeroboam said to his wife, Rise up and break the covenant, that no man may know that you are the wife of Jeroboam. There was Ahijah the prophet concerning Shiloh, concerning whom I said, I am the king of this people.
to take the rich man's bread which is his portion, and to satisfy his need for a place where his feet are laid.
Then Azariah the high priest, who was of the house of Zadok, answered, We have eaten enough of the spoil of the people, and have left much, from the mouth of Yahweh's people to the house of Yahweh:
That my lovers may inherit their wealth, And fill themselves with their treasures.
If I had done this, why did this Scripture stand?
This knowledge is known to everyone who has understanding. It is right for everyone who has knowledge.
Now if it please the king, please search the kingdom of the king in Babylon, and see whether Cyrus the king shall come and worship in Jerusalem. Please let all this be known to the king.
If you say that you are innocent, then you deceive yourselves. The truth is not in your hearts.
The sun will not strike you in the day, Neither will the moon harm you in the night.
The mountains trembled because he was strong. The mountains melted, and the earth also rose up before him. The world also lived in the midst of him.
You always rebel, and want to be struck. Your whole head is pained, and your whole heart is consumed.
You will eat, but won't eat. Your vanity will be in you. You will be moved, but I will deliver you with the sword.
Yahweh has commanded a decree concerning the Assyrian, saying, The men of your possession shall no more be told: I will destroy the engraved images and the molten images out of the house of your god; I will make them an astonishment, and a hissing; they shall be an astonishment.
He called to himself the priests and the Levites, and gathered them together to the broad place eastward.
Thus Yahweh commanded Moses. He mustered in the wilderness of Sinai.
Let the stars of the night be darkened; Yes, let the hope of the day be darkened; Yes, let the morning not be seen:
But in those days, It will happen that the mountain of Yahweh's temple will be established on the top of the mountains, And it will be exalted above the hills; And nations will stream on them.
All the wise-hearted among you shall come and do all that Yahweh has commanded you.
As such a one, have you opened your eyes to him? Have you brought me to your judgment?
It shall come to pass, that on the fourteenth day of the month, at evening, all the children of Israel shall kill their lambs.
Yahweh saw that Leah didn't love Jacob, and was grieved, but Rachel didn't.
If you will deal treacherously against me, and will not listen to me, then I will bring on you seven evils, according to which you have done,
You shall possess all kinds of riches. You shall fill your houses with the spoil.
For you are the children of God, and God has sent into your hearts the Spirit of his Son, which calls to you with a loud voice, Father, Father.
You are a wild donkey, driven in the wilderness by fierceness of the spirit, and driven with fierceness. Who will guide him when he is old? Don't let him labor in the month in which he is found.
One said to him, Your mother and brothers stand outside, seeking to see you.
Whoever serves the king wisely will be blessed by him. He who is perverse in his ways will see anger.
For the fathers who were circumcised were also circumcised, because they had not been circumcised before, but were circumcised after our father Abraham, in that he didn't live.
His servants conspired against him, and killed him in the king's house.
All day long my enemies have reproached me. Those who watch for me have cursed me.
Because of your fierce anger, Because you have lifted me up, And cast me down.
But the blood shall not be eaten; it shall be poured out on the earth as water.
But believe in me, even in my Father, and in me; and if not, believe for my works that I have done.
But he who sent me is with me, and doesn't release one of me; for he delights in me all the time.
You shall observe what I command you this day: behold, I will drive out the Amorites from before you, the Canaanite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, the Hivite, and the Jebusite.
He who loves his father above those who love me, doesn't become my disciple, and he who loves his son is loved by me, and doesn't become my disciple.
Give your consent, and let us build us a house on the wall, and there let us put him in bed, and we will give him a table and a lamp, that he may come to us and lodge.
The sons of the prophets who were at Bethel came out to Elisha, and said to him, Do you know that Yahweh will take away your master from your head today? He said, Yes, I know it. Hold your peace.
For you have made us worse off, If we don't pay our vows.
David said to Abishai the brother of Ahimelech the Hittite, and to Abishai the son of Zeruiah, who was with me, Who shall go down with me to the camp to Saul? He said, I will go down with you.
But I worked for my name's sake, that it should not be profaned in the sight of the nations, in whose sight I brought them forth.
Do you listen to him? Do you plead for God?
Don't let your lovers deceive you, my brothers.
For the fruit of the flesh is death, and the fruit of the Spirit life and peace.
In that day Yahweh made Joshua great in the sight of all Israel; and the people feared him all the days of his life, as they had feared Moses.
There will be slanderers among you, and blood will be shed among you; and they will eat sacrifices in the midst of you, and commit adultery among you.
When the sun was going down on Jebus, the servant said to his master, Come, let's not go away into the city of Jebus, but rather let's go there.
In the time of his riches, In the place of the lowly, there will be the beating of the hands of all the afflicted.
From there he went, and struck the inhabitants of Debir. The name of Debir before was Kiriath Sepher.
The angel said to me, Blessed is he who comes down, and is invited to the marriage feast. He said to me, This is the true word of God.
This is how you shall deal with them: you shall let them live; lest wrath come on you which you have sworn to them.
So he went, and fetched one of the men of the place, and sent him to cut down the garden of the field.
Others scoffed at them, saying, They have drunk new wine.
Then said I to her, Stay here with me the second day. Don't commit adultery, neither follow after others, that I may do this to you.
Therefore let him be like his brothers in every way, that he may be a faithful and faithful high priest before God, able to forgive sins.
Neither can he redeem his brother against God, neither shall he redeem his life for money.
Then he called his disciples in the morning, and took twelve men of them, and called them apostles,
A man travails a lying divination for your false visions; And he has put you under the neck of the unrighteous: And their iniquities are increased, And their days are come:
The two hundred men whom Absalom had hired, and with whom he had gone to Jerusalem, all who were without number, didn't know it.
But the king of Assyria is not so, neither is his heart so broken; for his heart is but to destroy, and to destroy many nations.
That which comes from his fathers is the house of wealth, But the wife of the assembly is the gift of Yahweh.
Now, Israel, what does Yahweh your God want you to do? Isn't it only for you to fear Yahweh your God, to walk in all his ways, and to love him, and to serve Yahweh your God with all your heart and with all your soul;
If he takes a lamb for a sin offering, he shall take a lamb without blemish.
He said, The commandments are true, which I have done long ago.
It shall happen, when the end of the nations comes, that the iniquity of man shall rise up, and one king shall cover his face with his deceitful words.
They came to Jerusalem, to the house of Yahweh, on the harps, and on the psalteries, and on the trumpets.
I go to you, brothers, if I speak with other languages, and don't preach the revelations of God, knowledge, faith, or teaching, what good will it do you?
Does your wealth, or all your power, prove to you that you have no trouble?
All the people were gathered together, and pursued after them: and they pursued after Joshua, and were driven from their cities.
He came to Succoth, and built him a house there, and pastured his livestock; and he called the place Succoth.
and shall tell them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, who sent me to him to offer the petitions which he asked of you,
They all said to him, Surely you have sinned because of his brother. When he cried to you, you saw his anguish, and didn't listen to him. Therefore this wall will come down on you.
When they came to the children of Israel, their inheritance was increased on the inheritance of their fathers: so their inheritance was divided from the inheritance of the fathers.
Forty-eight cities shall you give to the Levites; the cities and the suburbs shall you give to them.
The word that came to Jeremiah from Yahweh, saying,
It isn't in the sea, that you say, Who is bringing us over the sea, that we may hear, and do it?'
For he who has been chosen has suffered for the Lord, and everyone who eats has eaten for the Lord; for he gives thanks to God, and whoever doesn't eat gives thanks to God.
If a man lies with you, you shall be loathed. But who can keep himself from fearing?
and the dead bodies of Jezebel shall come down as a dung on the ground in the garden of Jezreel, so that no man shall say, This is Jezebel.
You shall touch him with iron and with spears; and you shall make all the land of his possession to burn with fire.
My son, keep your wisdom and your counsel carefully. Don't let them go out of your sight.
He is afflicted and sorrowful, and not of his own accord.
For I am the least of the saints, having this grace, that the Good News of Christ may be preached to the Gentiles without number.
Receive, Yahweh, the praise of my mouth. Teach me your statutes.
Now it has come to pass that I command the people over whom I have rule to tremble at the presence of Daniel the God of Israel; for the living God is faithful, and his kingdom is not destroyed: and the prince of it shall not be his.
He took it, and gave it to him to eat; and he took it, and said to him, Come, my sister, lie with me.
When she has drunk of the water, and she has not purified herself against her husband, then the curse will come into her, and she shall be a curse, and an astonishment, and a curse, and a curse, and a curse among her people.
Behold, here we have seven brothers. They couldn't find them, and they died childless. They let him go, and let him have his brother's brother.
It happened the next year, that Nebuchadnezzar sent with the treasures of the house of Yahweh to Babylon, and made Zedekiah his uncle king over Judah and Jerusalem.
The fierce anger of Yahweh shall not return, until he has done it; and you shall understand it in the latter days.
Most assuredly I tell you, you will be restrained in the earth, and in the heavens you will be restrained; and you will be restrained in the earth, and in the heavens you will be restrained.
Let the house of Aaron now say That his loving kindness endures forever.
Moses said to the judges of Israel, Kill every man who is joined to Baal Peor.
He gave him also, and the tribe of Dan, Aholijah the son of Ahishab, a spirit of gall, and of teaching.
He ought therefore to offer for himself, as he did for the people.
Why does a nurse's foot swallow me up? Why do you breast me?
Before I could finish my prayer, I touched Gabriel, who was seen among the visions, with the command to fly, and was about to be carried away.
In the same way, brothers, love one another.
They shall no more offer sacrifices in the way of their prostitution, which they have followed: it shall be a statute forever throughout their generations.
Who can make the unclean out of the clean? No one can.
When he had said this, we couldn't see my face any more, but they were exceedingly sorry. They sent him out after this.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were seventy-four thousand six hundred.
He said to me, Son of man, have you seen what they have done? Behold, the children of Israel have done a great abomination here, and I have removed them far from my holy garden. But you saw that it was more than the first.
Since ancient times, there has been no hearing before of those who were born blind.
Moses said, Yahweh bless you this day, every man against his son, and against his brothers.
The watchman answered, The morning is coming, and the night is coming. Ask the door, and it will be opened.
And cast out the sun for the day; For his loving kindness endures forever:
It will be in that day, says Yahweh, that there will be crying in the gate, and there will be crying out from the second place, and there will be shouting from the mountains, and there will be a cry from the help of the sea.
I will open the rivers in the unripe mountains, and the springs in the valleys; and I will make the desert a spring, and the dry land a spring.
I will declare the works of Yahweh. I will remember his signs which were before him.
Now know this, and think what you will do; for the master of us, and all his house, are determined: and there is none who can tell him what his holy place is.
Jehu the son of Jehoshaphat the son of Nimshi rebelled against Jehoram: for Jehoram and all Israel had kept the charge of Ramoth Gilead, because Hazael king of Syria had carried it away.
For all the way of a man is before Yahweh, And he fills all the way of a man.
Yet they didn't depart from the sins of the house of Jeroboam, with which he made Israel to sin; for Asherah of Samaria remained.
Jeremiah returned from Topheth, where Yahweh had sent him to preach, and stood in the court of Yahweh's house, and spoke to them, saying,
The children of Benjamin did so; and according to the number of those who went in to them to take of the daughters of the dances, they brought them wives, and they returned to their own land, and built cities there.
On the fourth day ten bulls, two rams, fourteen male lambs a year old without blemish;
He said to them, Stay here this night, for I have blessed you, as Yahweh has commanded me. The princes of Moab stayed there in Paran.
You shall not oppress a poor laborer, a brother of yours, or a stranger living in your land, who is hired in your gates.
But Jesus, turning to the disciples, rebuked Peter, saying, Get behind me, Satan! What you think isn't God's, and what they are.
But we will dwell in armories, and we will go before the children of Israel, until we come to their place; for the inhabitants of the land are valiant men, but our little ones are afraid of their cities.
Judah said to his relatives, What profit has it that you have killed your brother, and hidden his blood?
The east side, even to the Jordan, is the inheritance of the children of Benjamin according to their families, according to their borders.
For thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: They shall buy houses, fields, and vineyards in this place.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service, for a service offering in the Tent of Meeting,
God has sent the only Son to the world, that you should live by him. He has declared to us his love in the midst of us in this way.
and with you will I break the horses and the horsemen; and with you will I break the chariots and those who sit on them;
When he touches the garment of the plague, either the warp, or the woof, or the fleece, or anything of skin, he shall burn it; for it is the fruit of the fire, and shall be burned in the fire.
He saw again that he was wrapped around his head, and that there was no better thing to do with the linen, than to make the other way.
When John saw that many of the Pharisees and Sadducees had come to baptized him, he said to them, You serpents, who have warned you to flee from the wrath of God?
Jesus said to his disciples, You don't see the day when the Son of Man comes in earnestly.
Now the day of his eyes was a Sabbath.
Judge me, Yahweh, for the wrong that you have seen.
If a man lies with his neighbor, he has uncovered his nakedness: they shall bear his iniquity; he shall have no son.
These two women grieved the spirit of Isaac and Rebekah.
Yahweh has restrained you from blood, my lord, and has taken away your enemies by your hand: therefore have I sworn, living Yahweh, and the life of your soul, to tell you, I am against Nabal, and against your enemies.
For you are a mighty God to me. Why have you forsaken me? Why should I walk mournfully for my enemies' sake?
Now the rest of the acts of Ahab, and all that he did, and the houses of his spoil, and all the cities which he built, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
They brought him to Jesus, and immediately the boy was convulsed, and he threw him down to the ground, and was torn in pieces.
Truth is from the earth. Righteousness is brought down from the sky.
He brings swarms of flies on them, And frogs on them.
They had four lepers in the gate, and they said one to another, Why are you sitting here waiting for us?
Come, Peter, let's go down into the ark, and come to Jesus.
This is the proof of us, who were given the Holy Spirit for our testimony.
Don't utterly give your prince to a woman. Don't do what is evil in her sight.
I have searched in my affliction, Yahweh. My heart is troubled within me, for I am greatly rebellious. The sword has devoured my soul. Yes, the house is as it was.
I will give thanks to you, Yahweh my God. I will glorify your name forever and ever.
The burden of Isaiah the son of Amoz on Babylon.
that I not lighten it, that it may be as the day of the birth, and that it may die as the wilderness, and as a dry land.
He denied it before the people, saying, I don't know what you are saying.
The men of valor shall dwell in Ashdod; But I will destroy the pride of the Philistines.
The first angel departed, and took him, and poured him on the earth, and the signs and the worshippers of his image became all over the earth.
He has refined my hands to war; My arms are bent toward a bow of brass.
He shall bring it to the door of the Tent of Meeting, before Yahweh; and he shall lay his hand on the head of the bull, and kill it before Yahweh.
I will sing for my lovers, For my beloved's song, For his vineyard: For my lovers have vineyards, For the fruitful hills.
He carried away captive out of the city seven men who had seen the king's face, the captains of the army, and the officers who were over the city, who were over the people, and sixty men of the people who were in the midst of the city.
if he desires to offer from the herd or from the flock to be an offering made by fire to Yahweh, a burnt offering or any sacrifice, for a vow, or for a sacrifice of joy, for a sweet savor to Yahweh;
Abraham and Ishmael his son were circumcised the same day.
Now David had brought his father's sheep in Bethlehem, where Saul had his father's sheep.
Now therefore, if you will indeed listen to my voice, and keep my covenant, then you shall be my treasures among the nations; for all the earth is mine.
neither have we obeyed the voice of Yahweh our God, to do according to the law, which he sent before us by his servants the prophets.
Let their mouth praise Yah! Let them lift up their hands with a sharp two-edged sword.
Don't touch my anointed ones! Do my prophets no harm!
As with a kiss with the mouth, So is a pleasant word.
Great praise comes to Yahweh, Great praise in the city of our God, On his holy mountain.
Samaria was in famine; and they besieged the city, so that a donkey fetched eight shekels of silver, and a quadrans of silver.
So I will sing praises to your name forever, That I may keep my vows this day.
It will happen in that day, that a flood will come up from Jerusalem, half to the east, and half to the west; and the winter will and summer will be like this.
but if they marry any of the children of Israel, then shall their inheritance be forfeited to our fathers, and their inheritance shall be increased to the tribe for their possession: so shall you inherit the inheritance that is with your fathers.
A fool's son is his father's evil. A wife's stubble is like a pot of water.
There came forth a man out of the camp of the Philistines, Goliath by name, six cubits high and a lot;
I returned and saw, and behold, under the sun all the oppression that was done; and behold, the oppression that was done came on the eyes of the oppressor, and there was none to comfort: for the oppressor was not comforted.
Esther made her royal robe on the third day; and she stood over against the king's house in the inner court of the king's house: and the king was his queen in the king's house at that time, over the king's gate.
He took Agag the king of Amalek alive, and struck all his people with the edge of the sword.
They made cakes of unleavened bread without yeast out of the sight of those who came out of Egypt; for they were not satisfied with bread, neither prepared for themselves, because they were forced to go out of Egypt.
So David prevailed against the Philistines with his cords and with his stones, and struck him; but the hand of David didn't fall.
Therefore I tell you, whatever you pray to, believe that you have it, and so it will.
Take my money, and give me food to eat, and take my money, and give me water to drink; and let me go over in the journey.
Jehoiakim the king sent to Egypt Elnathan the son of Achbor, and certain others to Egypt.
Therefore Naomi returned, and Ruth, the daughter of Moab, her daughter, from the return of Moab; and they came to Bethlehem to reap the harvest.
Come with me, and contend. You have seen how I am wondrously. Behold, I am wondrously.
See that you don't die for the sight of men, but for the sight of men. Otherwise you wouldn't have the Father's reward.
He did so. Laban gave him Rachel his daughter seven days in the division of Leah, and she became his wife.
Hear, Lord, the prayer of your servant, and the joy of his servant who calls on your name; and make your servant prosperous in the day of his coming, and in the sight of the Lord Jesus Christ.
It happened on the next day, that he went into Galilee to meet Philip, and he said to him, Follow me.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Jehoram his son reigned in his place.
But you will receive the testimony which you need, that the Christ has spoken through me. But the Christ will be exalted in the midst of you, because he has treated you unwittingly.
Abimelech took the city all day long, and took it; and he struck the inhabitants of it, and broke it down, and salted it.
The plate shall be on the forehead of Aaron, that Aaron may bear all the sins of the children of Israel in all their holy offerings; and it shall be continually on his foreheads, that they may be accepted before Yahweh.
They took all their wares, and all their riches, and all their little ones, and all the women, and all that was in every house.
I tell you, God is swift to uphold them. But when the Son of Man comes, does he see this faith in the world?
They girded sackcloth on their waists in the streets; They wept every man on his house, and in the broad place, with every man his eye.
and I didn't see him when he did it on the left, and I didn't see him when he was hidden on the right.
For this shall the father eat the son of slaughter in the midst of you, and the son of slaughter: and I will judge you in the midst of you, and will condemn your remnant in the midst of you.
Moreover the Son of Man also will be ashamed of him, when he comes in his place, and when he comes in the glory of his Father and of the angels.
Blessed is the kingdom of Yahweh! Blessed is the people who are chosen to be his inheritance.
With the mice of the field, The residue of the vineyards of the wicked.
Now concerning the resurrection of the dead, don't you read the words of God, which he spoke to you?
Therefore all the goods of the Moabites which they received, and all the things which they gathered, will be at the fords of the rivers.
The rest of the people gave twenty-two thousand darics of gold, and two thousand minas of silver, and sixty-seven robins of the priests.
We will take ten men, and one thousand one hundred, of all the tribes of Israel, and ten thousand ten thousand, and will take a thousand, and will judge the people, and bring them to Gibeah of Benjamin; and they shall do to them according to the manner of men in Israel.
Moreover all the Jews who were in Edom and in the countries heard that the king of Babylon had left some of the remnant of Judah, and had appointed Gedaliah the son of Shaphan to rule over them.
I tell you that if two of you are able to pray with one accord on the earth, my Father will perfect them.
It happened in the twenty-first year of Artaxerxes king, in the fourth month after the first day of the month, that behold, I said thus to the king, I have not known the interpretation of it before the king.
A malicious heart has surely taken him away from me. Every evil thing I say to him, I refuse.
You shall not uncover the nakedness of your father. He is your father's near kinsman.
The voice of one who says, Stand high, Stand high, prepare you, And take away stumbling blocks from the way of my people;
When he had made an end of eating, he arose strong, and stayed some days with his disciples.
Then Absalom pressed him, and the king listened to Amnon, and to all the king's sons.
Abimelech went to Titus, and encamped in Titus, and prevailed against him.
The skillfully woven band, which is on it, is of one piece with the embroiderer, and with the embroiderer, of gold, and of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
All who believe greet you.
But if it is not good that you should serve Yahweh, choose this day that which you want to serve; and see whether you will serve the gods which your fathers served beyond the River: and who are you to serve them in the midst of the Amorites?
When one of them saw it, he said to Joab, I have seen Absalom kneeling down on the oak.
But I speak to you from the Gentiles, for I am a foreigner, and I am glorified in my preaching.
Then the army of the king of Babylon was compassed about Jerusalem; and the prophet Jeremiah was shut up in the court of the guard in the house of the king of Judah.
For in Ephraim and Manasseh, Issachar and Zebulun, many will not purify themselves; but they will eat the Passover, and not the way that is written.
As a woman conceives, and conceives in the time of her travail, And cries in the time of her pain: So we are before you, Yahweh.
The Son of Man will come in the glory of his Father, and with his angels, and he will reward them every man according to his work.
Abimelech pursued him, and fled before him: and many lay at the head of the city gate.
They came to the house of Micah, and heard the voice of the young man, the Levite, and said to him, Who shall bring you? What have you here? What do you eat?
David said, Will the men of Keilah deliver me and the people who are with me into the hand of Saul? Yahweh said, They will give you to him.
Jethro rejoiced greatly, because Yahweh had done all good to the children of Israel, and had delivered them out of the hand of the Egyptians.
Therefore will I give their wives to others, and their fields to be owned; for from the least of them even to the greatest of them everyone is given to covetousness, and from the least of them to the greatest of them everyone deals falsely.
Thomas answered him, My lord, my God.
to bring forth this promise, through the word of your God, in the season that comes, which is called by the commandment of God our Savior according to the Good News;
Then I washed you with water, cleansed your body with the blood, and anointed you with oil.
The sluggard says, A lion is outside, And I will kill him if I go out into the street.
So Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came in the days of the siege of all his servants.
Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah began to reign in the second year of Joash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel.
They are laid waste; they are desolate, they have cried to me: they are desolate, because no man sees them.
the finely worked garments, the holy garments of Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons for the priests to minister in;
Now the grain which they brought back from Egypt was eaten. Their father said to them, Go again, buy me a little food.
I command your life this day: Yahweh command my life also, and deliver me out of all my troubles.
Behold, therefore, I am, and I am not, says Yahweh; for I am dead, and I am alive: and I have healed him, and there is none who will be saved out of my hand.
Even at that time, says Yahweh, I will not utterly destroy you.
Listen to me, you islands; Listen far away, you peoples: From the womb has Yahweh called me; From the womb, his name is with me.
For this cause, I returned, and was greatly distressed for my labors under the sun.
In the thirty-eighth year of Asa king of Judah began Ahab the son of Omri to reign over Israel; and Ahab the son of Omri reigned in Samaria twenty-two years.
We trust in you, and strike our enemies. We trust in your name. We tread down those who fight against us.
Then God fulfilled the word of Jeremiah the prophet, and said, They have taken the thirty pieces of silver, which the children of Israel had given him for his gifts.
Edom shall become an astonishment, and an astonishment; everyone who passes thereby shall be astonished; for all the evil that shall come on him shall he miss.
But thanks be to God, you have fully obeyed the commandment by your own conscience, even though you have been a bondservant of sin.
For six years you shall sow your land, and for six years you shall sow your vineyard, and reap its fruit.
As they were doing this, behold, two men stood by them in bright clothing.
and he sent Hadoram his son to king David, to Greet him, and to bless him; for he had fought against Hadarezer (now he had come to fight against Hadarezer and against Tou); and Hador lived in a land of gold and silver.
We said to my lord, The child shall not depart from his father; but if he depart from his father, he shall surely die.'
Don't let my heart turn to wickedness, So that I and the workers of iniquity die together, And don't let me eat the good of them.
Let us be partakers one of another, that we may be partakers of Christ's teaching.
Tell wisdom, You are my sister. Call understanding to your kinsmen.
Simon Peter lifted up the ark, and stretched it wide open, and filled the net, and the net was one hundred fifty cubits full, even though the fish were many, yet they didn't break it.
Thus says Ben Hadad, Your silver and your gold is mine, and your wives, and your sons and your daughters, and the best of them is mine.
No one lives to himself alone, neither does he die to himself alone.
These things did Cyrus king of Persia take out of the chamber, and gave it to Sheshbazzar, prince of Judah.
You shall break down their altars, and dash in pieces their pillars, and burn their Asherim with fire, and take the engraved images of their gods which they have engraved; and you shall cut them off from their place.
There were six steps to the throne, and the sole of gold and the throne were joined one to another; and there were stays on either side by the place of the seat, and two lions standing beside the stays.
and he struck Israel, as he struck those who struck him? and he was slain, as he was slain.
Yes, you will bring them into the pit of destruction, God. The murderer and the deceitful man shall not live in the midst of the earth, But I will put my trust in you.
They struck the cities of the priests with the edge of the sword, both of men, and of children, and of infants, and of oxen, and of donkeys, and of sheep, and killed them with the edge of the sword.
Again you say, Behold, the residue is gone up;' and you abhor him, says Yahweh of Armies; and you take of the spoil, and the lame, and the sick, and bring them for an offering: is this my hand oracle, that I have spoken from Yahweh of Armies?
Jeremiah said to them, This is what you shall tell Zedekiah:
He has chosen our inheritance, The glory of Jacob, whom he loves. Selah.
But I remember your sound faith, that is, that of Resau, your mother's brother, more than those who were with you, and I know that you now have that faith.
Say to them, This is the thing that Yahweh their God has not kept, that the ungodly people have not kept; and the truth has departed from them; it has perished from their mouths.
Wisdom dwells securely in the heart of the wise, But in the heart of fools, they are revealed.
lay your hand on his head, and kill him before the tent of meeting: and Aaron's sons shall sprinkle the blood on the altar round about.
The second also, and the third, sought the brother.
Hide me from the evil, And bring me out of the way of the unrighteous.
Who has committed to him? Or who has controlled the whole world?
Let him live on forever. They will give him the gold of Sheba. They will pray continually for him all the day.
Who is the King of glory? The King of glory, Yahweh of Armies. Selah.
You have despised my sanctuary. You have profaned my Sabbath.
Now you say, Go, tell your lord, Behold, Elijah is here.' He will surely kill me.
Immediately the commanding officer brought the soldiers and the captains of the army to the people. When they saw the captains and the soldiers, they stopped, and didn't strike Paul any more.
The poles shall be kept in the ark of the testimony: they shall not be taken out of the ark.
In that day, because they have turned to other gods for all their wickedness, therefore I will greatly harden my face.
In the day of the covenant, Herod sat on the throne of the queen, and encouraged the people.
Now in the seventh month, on the first day of the month, the priest Ezra brought the book of the law before the council, which is a statute, and before any who could hear it.
But Moses went in before Yahweh, and spoke with him, and the veil passed over him until he came out. He told the words of Yahweh, which he commanded to the children of Israel.
Your servant loves the stones of Zion, And stretches out their dust like a sword.
A fool's folly will be revealed in his own season, But a prudent man keeps his shame secret.
My soul shall obey your precepts, And I will greatly delight in them.
So you returned, and wept before Yahweh; but Yahweh didn't listen to your voice, nor inclined his ear to you.
How much more, when he has offered up his own body to God through an eternal Spirit, and his blood is no more pure in your hearts, to go after the dead, and to serve the living?
When he had made an end of clothing, he took it and crucified him. He put his own garments on him, and went out.
Behold, a king shall reign in righteousness; and princes shall reign in justice.
I turned to see who it was who I spoke to me, and saw seven golden lampstands.
Because they have forsaken me, and burned incense in other gods, and provoked me to anger with the work of their hands: therefore my wrath has been poured out in this place.
For he will deliver you from the snare of the birds, From the pestilence.
but he shall leave his head on the earth, and bind it with iron and brass, and shall feed it in the fresh grass of the field, and shall water him with the dew of the sky, and shall give him and the animals of the field a pasture of water,
Let them be beaten, and put in prison, that the people may be confused; Let them labor, and not sleep, and not eat.
As with a slaughter of Israel, so shall Babylon be brought down; and all her slain shall fall in the land of Babylon.
He went to Shechem; for all Israel were come to Shechem to make him king.
If the flesh is uncircumcised, won't he who keeps the law condemn you? For the fig tree of the law will be uncircumcised, but you will not keep the law.
For he saw his glory, and he testified about him.
He brought them even to the holy border, To the mountain where his right hand held him.
He made the boards of the tent: for the south side twenty boards.
Who in their heart seek mischief, And continually gather themselves together to battle;
For there is a king's word, and he will say to him, What do you?
The disciples said to him, Rabbi, do you want to go up there again to stone the Jews to you?
Your enemies roar in your house. They stand as a sign on them,
I was asleep, and considered, and rejoiced greatly in my sleep.
It's like water to the thirsty. It's like a great news from afar.
We know that he doesn't listen to sinners, but if anyone worships God and does his will, then he will hear.
Nevertheless he was carried away captive with a robber; and his young children were dashed in pieces at the head of the street: and prisoners were cast out for the honorable man; and all his princes were bound in fetters.
The taskmasters of the people went out, and their officers, and said to the people, Thus says Pharaoh, I find no straw.
Ibzan the Bethlehemite judged Israel after Jephthah.
So Yahweh sent an angel into the camp of the king of Assyria, and destroyed all the mighty men of valor, and the captains of the army. So the king of Assyria went up, and brought him into the land, and killed him therewith, as he had done before.
Now in the first year of Darius king of Media I stood up, and strengthened him.
He shall dwell in the city, until he stands before the congregation for judgment, and until the high priest dies, and the manslayer returns to his city, even to his own house, from where he was gone out.
You shall not add to it, nor diminish it, any word that I command you, that you may keep the commandments of Yahweh your God, which I command you.
I will bless him, and I will give you a son. I will bless him, and he shall be the mother of nations and a king from him.
Your cities are cleaved to our dust under our feet; we will stumble, but we will know that the Kingdom of God is at hand.
When you see, your heart is glad; And your bones shall be nourished like grass; And the hand of Yahweh shall be revealed to his servant, And his anger shall be kindled against his enemies.
I will make you a desolation among the nations that are round about you, and a reproach, and a blemish on all who pass by.
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
However the high places were not taken away: the people still sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places.
Therefore when the God of Abraham's ransom is come to you, it says, Jacob shall be no more ashamed, neither shall his face be changed.
When we speak, we are ashamed, for we don't draw near to this thing. But if any man boasts, he is a fool, and speaks to us.
Samuel offered for a burnt offering one of the breasts, which were for a burnt offering to Yahweh; and Samuel cried to Yahweh for the children of Israel; and Yahweh answered him.
He gave him gold for every new wine, and silver for every old wine.
I will give you eternal life to me, and I will bring you to me with righteousness, justice, loving kindness, and mercy;
Ephraim has surrounded me with deceit, And the house of Israel has surrounded me with deceit. Judah has set himself up to be high and holy in the sight of God.
His young men will fall in the streets, And all his soldiers will perish that day, says Yahweh of Armies.
You know that all things now groaning and groaning are as though they were happening to the body.
Have pity on me, Yahweh, for I am famished. Heal me, for my bones tremble.
Is Gilead guiltless? they are utterly vain: Gilgal offers for the sacrifice of calves; Their altars are like the stones of the field.
Peter said to him, Your money is perished with you, for you think that the gift of God comes with money.
Now it was in the heart of David my father to build a house for the name of Yahweh, the God of Israel.
Take water, and prepare for siege; Establish your fortresses, And till the earth from the mire.
and Lot said to him, Where are these men who are with you? Let them come out, that we may do all that we desire.
They said to him, Tell us, by what authority do you do these things? Who gave you this authority?
I believe that he who lives shall not be disappointed by the goodness of Yahweh.
The thing became sin, for the people went to worship before Dan.
All the doors of the side chambers were toward the left side toward the left side, and the one door toward the north, and the other door toward the south; and the breadth of the leaves of the court round about was five cubits.
The king of Assyria carried away the children of Israel to Assyria, and placed them in Halah, and in the cities of Habor, and in the border of Gozan, and in the cities of the Medes.
As often as I remember you, I give thanks to my God.
I have spread my words in your mouth; I have covered you with the shadow of my hand; I have heard my words; I have said to Zion, You are my people.
Put on chains, and don't put coats in your house.
then his honeycomb will go, and if he eats, he will come to his father and mother, and will give it to them, and they will not eat; but he will not tell his father and his mother that the honeycomb is a new wine coming out of the womb.
You know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, who, despite being rich, has served us as a poor man, that we might be rich out of his poverty,
Jesus went out into the highway. A man ran and came and kneeled before him, and said to him, Good Teacher, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
and said to his young men, I have come down to Mount Gilboa, and have seen Saul sitting on his spear; chariots and horsemen are pursuing him.
A drought and scorching heat sweep away; So does Sheol.
Bel bowed down, and Nebo fell down: and their idols were hidden above the animals, and on the animals: and you were lightened, and are become a burden, and a weary animal.
Joseph said to them, What are you doing? Don't you know that such a one as I am will use divination?
He took the best of the flock, and laid them in the hands of the elders, that they might put the bones in the hands of the elders,
Yahweh God said to the woman, I will greatly increase your affliction, and you shall bring forth sorrowful sons; and you shall fret, and he shall have dominion over you.
They shall build houses, and dwell in them; they shall plant vineyards, and eat their fruit.
Moses and Yahweh were there forty days and forty nights; they ate and drank no water. He wrote the saying of the covenant, which is, being interpreted, Two loaves of bread.
You stood before Yahweh your God in Horeb, and Yahweh said to me, Gather me the people together that day: I will cause them to hear my words, that they may learn my words in the day of their life, and in the night, that they may learn my words.
For God judges righteously, And recompenses those who have been afflicted for evil;
Yahweh, you know my plans, and they are ready: don't forgive their iniquity, neither blot out their iniquity from before you; but let them fall before you; for you are kindled against them.
His voice touched the earth at that time, but now he has promised, I will not only shake it, but the heavens will be shaken.
But since it doesn't follow its own ways, we have nothing to boast about.
Who has he taught with wisdom? Who has caused him to understand that he has been told? Is he the one who has weaned, who has gone out of his bosom?
and Rezin in Nineveh and in Galilee, and Rezin, the great city;
Is this then true, that my lord the king has done it, and has not said to your servants, Who shall sit on the throne of my lord the king after him?
Therefore, he who speaks in another language, let him make intercession for the power of the teacher.
When he drew near to Jericho, a blind man was sitting by the road, weeping.
Thus says Yahweh to this people, They desire to be reverent, and not to have their feet untied: therefore Yahweh will not accept them. Now will I remember their iniquity, and will punish their sins.
When the chief priests and the scribes saw his wondrous works, and the children were called in the temple, Hosanna! The children of David were exceedingly angry.
Sarah, my master's wife, bore a son to my master in old age, and gave all that my master had to her.
He has chosen his glory among the nations. His wondrous works among the peoples.
Wisdom is before the eyes of the discerning, But the eyes of the foolish are on the ends of the earth.
In the days of Ahasuerus (the same Ahasuerus was chief over one hundred twenty-seven provinces, and came to Ethiopia),
That the word of my servant may be fulfilled, and the counsel of my messengers shall be fulfilled: As for Jerusalem, I said, There is one who dwells therein; As for the city of Judah, I said, Arise, and I will heal her;
Joshua circumcised them, because of the people who came up out of Egypt: every male had a battle lamp; they came out of Egypt, and died in the wilderness by the way.
Be strong, and let your hands be strong; for Saul your master is dead, and the Jews have anointed me king over them.
The mouth of the righteous is a fountain of life, But violence covers the mouth of the wicked.
These are those sent out by the Pharisees.
For the children of God are able to overcome the world. Your faith makes you overcome the world.
Behold, I have a certain priest, a scribe, who comes to the gate of the city with an ox and a ring, to sacrifice to them, all the people.
When his disciples, James and John, saw it, they said, Lord, do you want us to send a fire from heaven, and to destroy them?
He shall put them on the lamps continually, in the pure lampstand before Yahweh.
Shall the servant keep the things that he has commanded him?
Jesus was faithful in his God, as Moses was in his house.
Philip began to preach him through the Scriptures.
You serpents, why do you speak that which is evil in your sight? For whatever is full of a man's heart, his mouth speaks.
English
His lightnings flashed out of his hand. There his strength alighted.
They told Jacob, saying, Behold, Joseph your son is come to you, and Israel is come up, that he may not sit on the bed.
For I have given you riches and wisdom, that your enemies may not strive against you.
When your brother's son, or your son's son, or your daughter, or your sister's daughter, or your sister's son, or your brother's son, be as a friend of your soul, and a stranger, saying, Go, serve other gods, or gods,
Shall we even look at your sickness, or at your prison?'
He knew that it was Peter's voice, and he was glad, and couldn't remember the door, and ran to tell his father, Peter standing at the door.
Joshua said, So shall you know that Yahweh lives among you, and he will drive out the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Hivites, and the Perizzites, and the Girgashites, and the Amorites, and the Jebusites, before you;
On the next day, the soldiers returned to the barracks, and brought the horsemen to Paul.
Seven days shall no eye see you round about, neither shall any of the first day's flesh be left until the morning.
Jesus therefore said to him, This day salvation comes to this house, for he also is Abraham's son-in-law.
All the kings of the earth sought to see the face of Solomon, to hear his wisdom, which God had put in his heart.
A little while, the world will no longer see me, but you will see me, for I live, and you will live.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five male lambs a year old. This was the offering of Elab the son of Zelon.
Peter and John laid hands on them, and they were filled with the Holy Spirit.
He took the seven angels, and prepared to blow them away.
Moses said to Aaron, Take the censer, and put fire in the midst of it on the altar, and put incense on it; and bring it quickly to the congregation, and make atonement for them; for the plague is great, and the plague is severe.
Then said the king, Return to her house, and don't see my face: and Absalom returned to his house, and didn't see the king's face.
When the man heard these things, his face was changed in him, and he went away from him sad, for he had great possessions.
you shall not enter into the land which I have sworn to you to dwell in; but into the land shall Caleb the son of Jephunneh and Joshua the son of Nun go.
It happened, when we cried to Yahweh, that he heard our voice, and sent messengers, and brought us forth out of Egypt, and we are in the city of Kadesh, which is by you;
But the land of torment didn't remain in darkness. The land of Zebulun and Naphtali was despised, and the Jordan was subdued before them; and I received the glory of the nations of Galilee.
For his eyes watch everyone's way, And see his steps.
It happened after this, that he took it, and raised it up before Abraham's breast, and that he died, and was buried.
When they heard this, they were glad, and agreed to give him money. Then they sought how they might betray him.
Blessed shall you be in the city, and blessed shall you be in the field.
But Vashti the queen refused to come, neither obeyed the king's commandment that the eunuch should preach: therefore the king was very angry, and his heart was burning.
that I may return into the peace of my father's house; and Yahweh shall be my God forever,
All the males who are among the priests shall eat these things. It is most holy.
Therefore love is perfect among you, that you may not be afraid in the day of judgment, for you have life with him in this world.
For we have been made servants of the new covenant, not of letters, but of the Holy Spirit, with letters of death,
turning away the word of God, that you might keep your tradition.
David listened to the voice of Yahweh; and they struck all the army of the Philistines from Gibeon even to Gezer.
You were born Jews, not Gentiles.
But when the husband hears that, he shall put her away, and she shall bear the iniquity of the woman.
You were chosen, and were sanctified in the Spirit according to the will of the Father God, to walk in Jesus Christ, and to be called by his blood. Grace be with you all. Amen.
Make your father and your mother glad. Make your mother glad.
Behold, this is the joy of her ways: and afterward there shall come forth another out of the earth.
His eyes shall not fail from the righteous; That they may sit with the king forever; And they shall be exalted.
David lived in the strongholds of the wilderness, in the hill country of the wilderness of Ziph: and Saul sought after him day by day; but God didn't deliver him into his hand.
There were windows to meet one another in three waters, and in three they were all alike.
You shall choose three out of every tribe. I will send them, and they will travel throughout the land, and will return to me according to the number of them.
The earth will tremble and be shaken as a drunken man, And will be moved like a bed: And the waters will overflow on them, So that they will not rise up any more.
Having mercy on us, and committed this kindness to us, we will be no more fruitless.
and they shall bring back all your brothers from the peoples, and put on horses, and on chariots, and on donkeys, and on mules, and on camels, to my holy mountain, which is in Jerusalem; and they shall offer you a sacrifice, as Yahweh, the God of Israel, does.
The servants of God rose up early in the morning, and saw the army, and the horses, and the chariots, lying in wait. They said to him, Alas, my lord, what shall we do?
Jesus said to him, Blessed are those who see me, and believe, but don't see the sword.
Therefore the burden is like a whirlwind to you. They delivered the riddle to the twelve, saying, Read it in my ears. He said, I can't read it; for the wind is gone.
Speak to the children of Israel, saying, You shall surely keep my Sabbaths; for this is the sign between me and you, throughout your generations, that you may know that I am Yahweh, and that I will do it.
Then king David sent, and took him out of the house of Machir the son of Ammiel, of Lo Debar.
If he doesn't shorten the days, there is no man who can be saved; but he who has shortened the days for his chosen ones.
Of the sons of Hosah the son of Merari, Shimri was the chief, and he was not the firstborn: but they made him the firstborn.
For the Kingdom of God doesn't come by word, but by power.
Now Abippia is my sister, and Abippi our man of war, and the assembly that is in our house.
and have cast their gods into the fire, because they were no gods, but the work of men's hands, of wood, and of stone; therefore they have destroyed them.
He created all the families of one man, and made them to dwell in all the land. He gave them a large portion of years, and the border of their habitations.
Because they have forsaken me, and burned incense other gods, and provoked me to anger with their works of their hands: therefore have I ceased from this place, as from the fire.
Then Mordecai told him the sum of the money that was found in the king's treasuries, and of all that Haman had said to destroy the Jews.
The princes of the land, the deputies, the governors, the counselors, and the judges, were gathered together to make a decree concerning the king's house, to make a writing, and a writing, and a writing, and a writing, for the king's house, which he had made: and when he came near to the city, he asked for a memorial.
Yahweh God said, See now, this man has contended with us to make a distinction, lest, behold, he stretch out his hand to the tree of life, and eat of it forever and ever.
You shall take double money, and you shall deposit your money in its place, and pay it back to him. It is a loss.
Yet one word shall be to you, my son, that you shall keep it, and that you shall not be strong, neither shall you keep it, and that you shall read it, and be weary.
But we inform the king, that if this city is built again, and the wall is built, then there shall not be your part where my land is.
But Abishai the son of Zeruiah was with David, and had slain the Philistine. At the end of the days the men of David swore to him, saying, Don't go out with me any more, neither let your fear be on the children of Israel.
Yahweh said, Moab has been quiet from the morning, as a thousand years old, and doesn't pour out this vessel to other vessels, neither do they go in to captivity: therefore he has made me desolate, and I have not gone out of the midst of him.
When the multitude therefore saw him, they were exceedingly astonished, and immediately they came to him and greeted him.
All the people wept for the dead, and the child mourned. He said, Don't weep, for he is not dead, but asleep.
We are fatherless fathers. Our mothers are widows.
Yahweh spoke to Moses and to Aaron, saying,
Caleb the son of Ebed said, Who is Abimelech, and who is he, Shechem, that you should serve him? Isn't he the son of Jerubbaal? Isn't his captain the son of Zebulun, that you should serve him? Is he your father, Hamor?
For Herod knew that John's masters were righteous and holy, and he was afraid of them, and would watch over them. He was troubled at the words of Herod, and didn't listen to them.
But they said on their feet, Behold, he began to teach from Galilee, and has come here. He has stirred up the people throughout all Judea.
When evening came, he went out into the city with his disciples.
Then said he to the king, I have heard your words and your wisdom in the land.
He called him out of the tombs. He was witness with all the people who were with him as he rose from the dead.
It was so, that when he had come up in the army, he cast down a troop and certain stars to the earth, and trod down them.
The apostles testified with great power about the resurrection of the Lord Jesus, and they obtained great favor.
You shall do as they shall teach you, and shall do according to their sentence which they shall speak to you: they shall be to you a sentence; you shall not turn aside to the right hand or to the left.
Then you shall understand the judgment of righteousness, and do that which is right and good in your eyes.
The nations are angry, and you are angry. The hour of judgment has come for the dead, and your servants the prophets, the saints, and the prophets who spoke the word, not to mention you, are destroyed in the day of judgment.
and Ramoth with its suburbs, and Anaim with its suburbs;
When he had come into the house, the blind man came near to him. Jesus said to them, Do you believe that I can do this thing? They said to him, Yes, Lord.
But when Sanballat heard this, we built us a wall of wrath, and great indignation, and ridiculed the Jews.
Samson said to the Philistines, If you will do this thing, I will take vengeance for you, and it will be so.
Some of the tax collectors also came to be baptized. They asked him, Rabbi, what shall we do?
Many will be gathered together in Jerusalem in the second month, for a great assembly, to keep the feast of unleavened bread.
No one who creeps on the earth shall eat of it.
If he goes and sanctifies it from the Year of Jubilee, then he shall appoint it according to your valuation.
Aaron and his sons shall offer the offering of Yahweh, an ephah of fine flour for a continual meal offering, half a time, on the day that he is anointed.
The high priest stood up and said to him, What do these want to do for you?
Now when all the people heard these things, they marveled, and said to Peter and to the apostles, What shall we do, my brothers?
Woe to the wicked! He will come in trouble, For he will be repaid for his deeds.
There are some who commit abomination, both a man and his neighbor's wife; and some who commit sexual immorality, and defile him: and some shall profane his sister in the midst of you, even his father's daughter.
the acacia wood, the oil for the light, the spices for the acacia, to anoint, and to make incense;
It happened the same day, that Moses commanded the people, saying,
Consider this, and behave yourselves like men; and remember it in the heart of the rebellious.
For from the day that they went forth to the evening sacrifice, they prophesied; but they didn't prophesy, nor answer, nor seek after their own.
The people murmured against Moses, and said, What shall we drink?
The woman said to him, Sir, there is no man. Jesus said, I will not also draw for you, but go your way. Don't sin any more.
After this I will pour out my Spirit on all flesh. Your children will be prophets. Your elders will see visions, and your young men will see visions.
It was so, that as often as the king entered into the house of Yahweh, the guard went and bore them, and returned to the guard chamber.
But if God has made us to enter into his rest, let's take heed to it, lest anyone among us should think that he can't find out the answer.
I will command my mountains, says the Lord Yahweh, that they bring forth a sword against Gog, and they shall kill everyone his brother with the sword.
All the trees of the field shall know that I, Yahweh, have brought down the high tree, and the low tree, and the green tree has withered, and the dry tree is not holy: I, Yahweh, have spoken it, and I have done it.
You have gathered all your wrath. You have turned away your fierce anger.
When the cook saw that the dream was good, he said to Joseph, I also saw in my dream, and on my head was bread of three baskets of bread;
Therefore God raised him up to the highest place, to give him a name that could not be denied.
The daughter of Zion, her beauty is utterly cut off. Her nobles are like a gazelle that has no pasture. They are without power. They are cast out in the shadow of their enemies.
Grace to you, and peace from God, and from our Lord Jesus Christ,
Yahweh showed me four kinds of crafts.
He told a parable to them. A man planted a vineyard, and built a wall around it, and a winepress, and built another, and preserved it.
Discretion is made fat. He who is holy is brought low.
Jesus answered, Faithless men of this generation, how can I be with you any more? How can I bear with you all? Bring me this widow's son who has you.
But your little ones, whom you have chosen to be carried away, I will bring them in, and they shall know that you have forsaken the land.
Listen to this, for the Son of Man is about to be delivered into the hands of men.
The whole world trembled, and the multitude of the kings that were scattered abroad throughout the land.
Yahweh said to Abram, You shall surely know that your seed shall live as aliens in another man's land, and shall serve the land; and the people of the land shall number them four years.
He who is joined to Christ has no sin in himself. He who commits sin has not seen him, neither has he known him.
Therefore don't be troubled for tomorrow's sake. Therefore be troubled for tomorrow's sake. A day of torment will be for one day.
When I returned, behold, there were many trees on the two sides of the river.
Neither did Asher drive out the inhabitants of Sidon, and of Aphelia, and of Akzib, and of Heba, and of Aphek, and of Rehob.
He shall take to himself two birds, and cedar, and scarlet, and hyssop, for the cleansing of the house.
The seers shall take them by the hand; but they shall dwell in the king's house.
Who loves to be high in the synagogue, And great in the feast.
David inquired of Yahweh; and Yahweh said, Arise, go down to Keilah; for I will deliver the Philistines into your hand.
Then the secret of the heart will be revealed, And will fall down and worship God, saying, God is truly in the midst of us.
and the kingdom, and its suburbs, and Rehob, and its suburbs;
He eats ashes, and his heart is divided, so that he turns away, and he can't save himself: he can't say, Isn't my right hand a liar?'
When he had said this, he laid his hands and his feet on them.
He shall leave the dove seven days, and shall go out; and the dove shall come no more.
On the eighth day the king sent the people away; and they blessed the king; for Yahweh had rejoiced over David his servant, and over all the goodness of his people Israel, and had taken pleasure in them, and brought them joy, and made them to their tents.
Again, listen to this parable. A vineyard was dug in the midst of it. A wall was laid around it, and a winepress and a winepress went out from it. He went out to another portion of the vineyard.
I beg you therefore to eat, for this is your salvation; for you will not be cut off from one man.
But, God, love your own wives as your own body. Love your own wives, that you love yourself.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: All your doings, and your prostitution, and the deceit of your heart, have I brought on you.
Blessed is he who is filled with the fruit of his mouth. He is rewarded according to the work of his hands.
Righteousness preserves the upright; But wickedness destroys those who commit iniquity.
You shall say, By reason of the terror of the heart, By reason of the sight of the eyes, in the morning, It can't be this night; and in the night, It can't be this day.'
The Jews therefore said to him, Tell you, Take up your mat, and walk.'
You also, when I was in Thessalonica, sent to me many times.
For whoever receives one who is called by the name of the prophet will be able to give him a reward for the prophet.
I also will walk contrary to you, and will strike you seven times for your sins.
Of Israel, his name shall be called The house of the accursed.'
Before your father is redeemed, they shall both be punished, if they have played the prostitute with him; but they shall not put him to death, because they have not played the prostitute.
In that day you will say, Give thanks to Yahweh, call on his name, and proclaim in the midst of the nations, that his name has been exalted!
Now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam, and all that he did, and his might, how he fought, and how he returned to Damascus and to Hamath, the former governor of Judah, and to Israel, and gave them to the king of Israel?
He has tried to commit iniquity on his bed, And he is determined to do wickedly. He doesn't abhor evil.
It will happen in that day, when David is gone up from his tent, that I will again set him up, and I will repair his breaches; and I will build him a house, as in the days of old.
Therefore you shall see no more falsely, neither shall you divine again: I will save my people out of your hand. You shall know that I am Yahweh.
Absalom lifted up a pillar for himself in the king's valley while he yet lived, for he said, I have no son to leave my name. He called the pillar after his own name, and it is still the pillar of Absalom to this day.
The words of him who speaks are as dainty morsels, That go into the belly of a man.
The people made Jehoahaz the son of Josiah king, and reigned in the room of his father at Jerusalem.
then will I take their root out of the land which I have given them; and this house, which I have made holy for my name, will I cast out of my sight; and it shall be a proverb and a byword among all peoples.
concerning the power and the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, not according to deceit, but according to our own eyes, when we see his greatness;
He said to him, You are my son, and are always with me. All my goods are yours.
But God makes fools of the earth to be shamed; and he makes weak fools of the earth to be shamed;
But he who was born to his handmaid was born to him according to the flesh. He who was born to a free woman was born to God.
The crown of his pride will be trodden under his feet through the waters of Ephraim.
It fell on a day, that Jonathan the son of Saul said to the young man his armor bearer, Come, and let us go to the other side to the camp of the Philistines: but he didn't tell his father.
But from the beginning, when God made the heavens and the earth,
and tell him, Thus says Hezekiah, This day is a day of trouble and of rebuke, a day of birth, and there is no strength to bring forth.
Moses wrote this song in that day, and taught it to the children of Israel.
He went before them, and saw two brothers, James the son of Zebedee, and John, his brother, who were with him in the boat. He followed them.
How the mighty are fallen in battle! Jonathan is slain on your high places.
For the Nazirite, when he had shaved his holy head at the door of the Tent of Meeting, put his holy hair on the underside of the sacrifice of peace offerings.
You shall come out before their eyes in the evening, and shall spread forth your face toward the land which you shall not see; for I will be the head of the house of Israel.
I love Yahweh, for he has listened to my voice, And heard my petitions.
For Saul, and for Jonathan his son, and for the people of Yahweh, and for the house of Israel, mourned and wept, and fasted until even in the night, because they were fallen by the sword.
He hands them over to the hands of the Gentiles, And hates those who hate them;
Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and all that he did, and his sins that he sinned, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Ada became the father of Jabal, and he became the father of ten thousands of livestock.
The breadth of the chambers, which were round about, was twenty cubits.
Then Jesus said to the people, Have you come out, as against a robber, with swords and clubs to seize me? I am a teacher in the temple daily. You don't come near to me.
Hiram said, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, who has made heaven and earth, who has given to king David a wise son, who has understanding and understanding, that he may build him a house for Yahweh, and his palace.
Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Then the word of Yahweh came to Samuel, saying,
Do all things by measure. Let it be done in its full measure.
Then the lords of the Philistines came to the woman, and said to her, Entice Samson, and see where his strength is, that we may set him on his way, and let him go up, and give us every man a pledge of silver.
Immediately he went his way as an ox to the slaughter, As a fool in his chains to be punished.
My soul shall glory in Yahweh. The humble shall hear, and shall be glad.
Then the Philistines said, What trespass offering shall we give to him? He said, Five measures of gold shall you take, and five measures of gold shall you take, according to the number of the lords of the Philistines; for the lions and the lions are among those who go down.
On that day the king consecrated the place which was before the house of Yahweh, to offer thereon the burnt offering, and the meal offering, and the fat of the peace offerings; because the altar of Yahweh was before the altar of burnt offering, and the meal offering, and the fat of the peace offerings, which he offered thereon.
A fool lies where he doesn't meet, And a fool lies where he doesn't meet.
He built cities in the hill country of Judah; and he built castles and towers in the woods.
He shall come forth with an east wind in the midst of his brothers, when he shall bring forth much fruit: the wind of Yahweh shall go forth from the wilderness; and the waters of it shall dry up; and the waves of it shall shake, and the waves of it shall be in an uproar.
As it is written, There is no righteous man, Neither is there any sword.
Though he hide his hatred with deceit, His wickedness shall be uncovered before the congregation.
They went to spy out the land, from the wilderness of Zin to Rehob, to the entrance of Hamath.
Then shall you see our faces, and the faces of the young men who eat of the king's dainties; and you shall do to your servants as you have seen.
Gracious is Yahweh, and merciful; Slow to anger, and great to loving kindness.
When Joseph got up, he went away, and took Mary, and married, as the Lord commanded him.
All that comes forth from the vine tree in the day that they make them holy, from the womb even to the skin, they shall not eat.
You shall make two rings of gold for it, and put them under its molding on its two ribs, on its two sides, on the sides of the altar: and the rings shall be for places for the poles, with which to carry it.
Praise him, all you angels of his. Praise him, all you armies of his.
Didn't anyone tell my lord what I did in the days of Jezebel, when she killed all the prophets of Yahweh? Even one hundred prophets did I put them down on the earth, and fifty satraps with them, and they made a mess of them.
Then Jesus, filled with the Holy Spirit and filled with joy, said, Father, I praise you, Lord of heaven and earth, because you have hidden these things from the eyes of the wise, and have revealed them to the children of men, because they are a joy to the Father.
and all the treasures of the Spirit, the courts of the house of Yahweh, and the chambers of it round about, with all the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and of the holy things;
You shall eat it in the place which Yahweh your God shall choose, and bake it; and in the morning turn you, and go to your tents.
That which they see is falsehood, and that which they lie. They say that which Yahweh says, and Yahweh doesn't send them for prophets, but they hope for the word.
But I planted you, a strong vine, and a very strong seed: and why have you become a wicked son to me?
Therefore don't judge, before the time comes, When the Lord comes, he will reveal his secrets in darkness, And will reveal every man his praise, When he comes.
The waved breast and the waved breast they shall take with them of the fat of the offering of the fire, and wave it for a wave offering before Yahweh; for a portion you shall give to yourself and to your sons, as Yahweh commanded you.
One said, For famine we have taken away our fields, our vineyards, and our houses, and given them to men for grain.
Everything devoted shall be the priest's; and whatever things a man gives to a priest shall be his.
This also is the iniquity of the judges, Because I am a God who is rebellious above.
In the seventh month, in the tenth day of the month, you shall have a holy convocation: you shall afflict your own heart; you shall do no work.
Lazarus, who was one of those who ate was sick, full of boils, and a boil, at the rich man's door.
Jesus answered her, mother, what have I to do with you? My time is not yet fulfilled.
For Israel also will dwell a day in which there will be no king, nor prince, nor sacrifice, nor pillar, nor ephod, nor house, neither will they be idolaters.
The door of the side chambers, which was between the right side of the house and the left, was open from the top to the bottom, from the middle and to the third.
But if anyone knows where the chief priests and the Pharisees are, come and tell them, Let them go and seize him.
But this I have become a reproach to all my soul through fasting and tears.
and he said to them, Don't bring in the captives here, for you have brought us in to sin against Yahweh, and have added to our transgressions and to our transgressions, because our transgressions are great, and because of the fierce anger of our God toward Israel.
If you say in your heart, How shall I drive these nations over me?
They listened to the words of Herod, and departed: and when they saw the star in the east, they took them face to face, and came to the place of the child, and lived therein.
Praise Yah! Sing a new song to Yahweh! Praise him among the saints!
He said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, come you to me; but if the children of Ammon be too strong for you, then I will come and help you.
Though they come up, and pursue you, and seek your life; yet shall my lord's life be there with Yahweh your God, and it shall be bound up in the fold of the living creature; and your enemies' life shall be brought forth, and it shall be brought forth as a tree out of the midst of the earth.
But if I am puffed up, I am not puffed up; for I speak the truth: but I myself, be careful not that anyone puts his hand to my side, will see and hear.
If it is so, who trample on the Son of God, And condemn him for the blood of the Lord, And for the Holy Spirit, What glory is there in their sight?
twelve bulls, twelve rams, twelve male lambs, twelve male lambs a year old,
I know your works. Behold, I have opened a door to you which no one can shut. I don't know what you will call me, but what you will call it.
Thus did Moses: as Yahweh commanded him to do.
They presented the seven bulls, and the seven rams, and the seven lambs, and the seven male goats, to make atonement for the nations, and for the sanctuary, and for Judah, and to make atonement for them. The king of Aaron's princes honored them, and made them altars to Yahweh.
You shall set it there, and read on it all the words of this law, and all these statutes, that you may fear Yahweh its God.
Jesus said to him, Leave the dead who are in the flesh, and bury the dead who are in the flesh; but preach the Kingdom of God.
They sent to him who was dressed, and told him, saying, Aren't we able to find these, that you may see the nakedness of your son?
They insult a man, And speak roughly with an evil tongue.
Let them be disappointed and confounded who seek after my soul. Let them be turned back and confounded who plot evil against me.
Now, behold, my testimony is in heaven. My confessors are on high.
I think that I ought to remind you all the time that I live.
For if the body has no spirit, so faith has no works.
Then Saul arose, and took the three thousand chosen men out of all Israel, and went down to the wilderness of Ziph, to seek David in the wilderness of Ziph.
When she saw that she was determined to go with him, she told him no more what she had said.
This might have been sold for a great price, and might have saved the poor.
Now, my God, I beg you, that your eyes may look, and your ears may hear, and pray in this place.
Zedekiah was twenty-one years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Hamutal the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.
For your arrows are flashed. The brightness of your spear is bright, and the sun and the moon are hovering over it.
You have the lot of those who are in custody. You have the lot of those who are taken away, for you know that it will be better for you to have the lot of those who are in custody.
Moses the servant of Yahweh sent me from Kadesh Barnea to spy out the land: and I was forty years old when the blessing was poured out on him from my heart.
Our sons grew up like a tree in their youth, And our daughters are like pillars in the corner, Built according to the fashion of the king's house.
Samson said to her, If a man binds me with a new cord, and doesn't pass through, then I shall be as weak as another man.
Jesus therefore touched their eyes, and said to them, According to your faith, so you were believed.
Then he divided him into three companies, and laid wait in the field, and saw the men of Shechem come out of the city, and rose up against them, and killed them.
So they went, and took the stone, and cast it, and stayed there with the soldiers.
It happened, when they saw Philip at Assos, that they prophesied in every city until Caesarea.
For the far part of the tent westward he shall make six boards.
For the grace which was given to you not only to believe in Christ, but also to suffer for Christ,
When you walk in the flesh, it stirs up the memory of your sins. It works in you all, even as you walk in the flesh.
This is the portion of the wicked in Yahweh, and the inheritance of the terrible in the Almighty.
Speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, When you come into the land which I give to you, then the earth shall be quiet to Yahweh.
But when the demons had driven him out, the mute began to speak. They were all amazed, saying, We have not seen this in Israel.
But if I don't accept my words, there is a judge who will judge; and the judgment will be for the last day.
Then will I make the words of the peoples clean, that they may call on the name of Yahweh, to serve him with all their heart.
Notwithstanding every offering made by any man to Yahweh forever, there shall be no place for a man, nor for an animal, nor for a land of his possession, any offering made by any man to Yahweh: it shall be a statute forever throughout his generations.
Therefore tell the house of Israel, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: I, house of Israel, have not done this for your sake, but for my holy name's sake, that you should sit among the nations.
The rain came down, the floods came, and the winds blew, and beat on that house, and it couldn't stand, for a firm foundation was laid on the rock.
He put a piece of bread in an unleavened basket before Yahweh, a piece of bread, a piece of oil, a piece of bread,
Moses went with Eleazar the priest, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Therefore will I save my flock from the prey; and I will judge between the sheep and the sheep.
You shall kill the lamb in the holy place, in the place where the sin offering and the burnt offering are killed; and the trespass offering shall be for the priest, as the sin offering, which is for the holy place.
Now before Yahweh's lamp was put out, behold, Samuel was asleep in the house of Yahweh, in the ark of the covenant of Yahweh.
The world will not hate you. They hate me, for my wickedness is always revealed.
Abram brought the tent to Mamre, to Hebron; and she made an altar to Yahweh.
Joshua took Makkedah that day, and struck him with the sword, and the king of it: and the men of it utterly destroyed him; he left none remaining: as he had done to the king of Jericho, so he did to the king of Makkedah.
Elkanah her husband said to her, Why do you weep, Hannah? Why didn't you eat bread? Why was your heart troubled? Didn't I be better to you than ten sons?
But if you must go, be valiant and valiant. Yahweh will set you up before your enemies; for Yahweh will be a helper, and he will lead away chariots.
Let my lips speak praise, For you have taught me your statutes.
Their horses are longer than the furrows, and their wolves are broader than the furrows: the horsemen are broader, and the horsemen come from afar; and they fly as eagles to eat food.
Therefore Yahweh was very angry in this land, and wrote all the curse that was written in this book on him.
and tell them, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Behold, I will call my servant Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon; and I will set the stone on its base, which is on the top of the rock.
All nations are as nothing before him, That he may see it, and be nothing at all.
Moses, Aaron, and all the princes of the congregation took the sons of Kohath after their families.
It happened on one of the Sabbaths, that he was teaching in a synagogue.
Yahweh has given great salvation to his king. loving kindness to the anointed, to David and to his seed, forevermore.
They sought opportunity to persuade the righteous, that they might trap him, and that he might be delivered up to the governor.
The children of Israel took the bones of Joseph, whom they buried in Shechem, which Jacob bought with a hundred pieces of silver from Hamor the son of Shechem, the father of Hechem.
For you are a holy people to Yahweh your God, and Yahweh your God has chosen you from the peoples of the earth, to be his own people;
But God alone is able to prevail. He brings the light down to the height, and the spirit ascends.
Abraham buried Sarah his wife with him in the cave that is in the field of Machpelah, which is before Mamre, in the land of Canaan.
Don't be angry with yourself, so that you mock; And don't turn aside from the price of redemption.
All the people ate, and were filled. They gathered up seven baskets full of the broken pieces that were left over.
Therefore all your statutes and your testimonies are upright. I hate every false way.
Brace yourself like a man, For I will question you. Answer me!
My soul refuses to live; I speak out of my mouth. The anguish of my heart I speak.
But if that day comes, you shall pray in my name. I don't tell you, I will make supplication for you to the Father.
then the assembly shall judge him according to those ordinances, in the place of the struck and in the midst of the avenger.
For if, in the Lord, you have established faith, you have lived assuredly.
The breastplate shall have a look, and the sides of it shall be straight, and the breadth a cubit and a cubit.
But where can we find wisdom? Where is the place of understanding?
This is because of the Chaldeans, for Ishmael the son of Nethaniah has slain Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, whom the king of Babylon made governor over the land; and they are afraid.
Though I am righteous, My own mouth will condemn me. Though I am blameless, I will show my form.
For everyone of you hurrys to eat of his own bread. Some are hungry, and some are drunken.
He brought me back to the gate of the sanctuary which looks toward the east; and the gate was shut.
Don't rejoice over the whole land of the Philistines, because their rod is broken. For out of their serpents there will be fiery serpents; and their offspring will be fiery serpents.
He looked at him, so that he was ashamed. The man of God opened his eyes.
But their eyes were opened. Jesus solemnly commanded them, saying, Let no one know this thing.
Now I beg you, brothers, through the love of our Lord Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit, that you do valiantly,
you shall not be afraid of them; for Yahweh your God is a great and terrible God among you.
He is Yahweh our God. His judgments are in all the earth.
They uncovered his nakedness, and struck him with the edge of the sword, and took his sons and his daughters, and put them in the midst of the women, because they had executed judgments on him.
How long shall my soul be sorrowful all the day? How long shall my adversary be above me?
The priest shall burn them on the altar of burnt offering.
Touching Jeremiah in the house of the king of Judah,
You shall make a basin of brass, and its base shall be of brass, with which to wash; and you shall set it between the tent of meeting and the altar in water.
I came near to the spring gate, and to the king's pool; but there was no word there concerning the animals that were to be rode on.
David said, As Yahweh lives, surely Yahweh will strike him, until the time of his death, or when he comes down to die in the battle.
Now the rest of the acts of Rehoboam, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
For this will I cause the sons of David to sleep, but not forever.
Let your speech not be with shame, with sexual immorality, or with crowns, but with thanksgiving.
Until they hear, they answer him: His folly and his dishonor.
Either in the garment, or in the skin, it is unclean; they shall be washed with water, and be unclean until the evening.
The fool is wise with discretion, But he who is diligent in speech is wise.
His lord said to them, This is what the enemy does.' The workmen said, Why do you want us to hide these darnel?'
All the cities of the priests who were the sons of Aaron were thirteen cities with their suburbs.
He has made the earth by his power, he has established the world by his wisdom, and by his understanding has he stretched out the heavens:
Don't be afraid of the king of Babylon your terror. Don't be afraid of him; for I am with you, says Yahweh, to deliver you out of his hand.
You shall do no manner of work. It shall be a statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings.
The prophets are of the world, speaking the world, and they are hearing their words.
He will cut off all the horns of the wicked. The horns of the righteous shall be lifted up.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: For Zion, I am very zealous. For her, I send out my wrath.
I will give you hidden treasures and hidden treasures, that you may know that I, the God of Israel, have called your name.
This is the testimony, that God has given you eternal life, which is from his Son,
The word was born in Israel to a man who works, and he is not God. The calf of Samaria will be broken in pieces.
There are many things that have been added to it, What profit does it have to man?
Blessed be Yahweh your God, who has commanded you to sit on his throne, to sit on the throne of Yahweh your God; for Yahweh loves Israel, to establish him, and to make him king over you:
Why do you cry out in your wound? Your pain is incurable; for your iniquities are great, and your sins are great; therefore have I dealt with you in these ways.
They sang one to another, and said, Saul has slain his thousands, David his ten thousands?' That is to say, isn't this David?
He looks to the earth, and it trembles. He touches the mountains, and they smoke.
Now in the seventh month, Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, king's brother, who was also the king's lord, came ten men to Mizpah to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam; and they ate at Mizpah.
Lift up your eyes, and see all four kinds of earth, and they will all come to you. Your sons will come from afar. Your daughters will be brought in.
He who has leprosy, his clothing shall be torn; and his hair shall be scattered, and he shall cover the top of his mouth with a loud voice, saying, It is unclean, it is not clean.
Moses and Aaron did so, and all the congregation of the children of Israel; and as many as Yahweh commanded Moses concerning the Levites, so the children of Israel did.
His refuge is cut off. His refuge is in hope.
When God had destroyed the Canaanite nation, he gave it for an inheritance to them, about four hundred fifty years.
Your eyes have seen you this day, and you have this day been delivered into my hand by Yahweh into the midst of the cave: and they have called me to you to be slain; nevertheless I have loved you, and said, I will not put my hand into my hand, because Yahweh has anointed me.
He also gave them authority over certain things.
We make our ordinances to ourselves, to give each man the third part of a shekel, for the service of the house of our God:
He went down to his feet, and fell on his flesh, and fell on it, and said to it, Don't be grieved, for it is still alive.
I asked him, What are these two branches of olive oil that go forth out of two golden bowls?
He fills the thick clouds with purple, And causes the lightning to shine out of the clouds.
Then the Gentiles and the Jews and their rulers conspired against the apostles to stone them.
but if they will not carry them away armed, but will possess you in the land of Canaan.
Therefore thus says Yahweh: As for the prophets who prophesy in my name, I have not sent them; yet they have spoken of the land to the sword, and to the famine, and to the famine, and to the destruction of the sword.
One who was pure in heart desired favor; and the king was one of his friends.
He has made many nations to overthrow the glorious land; but Edom, Moab, and the noble of the children of Ammon shall escape out of his hand.
But as for me, the secret has been revealed to me, not because of the fact that I was wise above all who live, but because I tried to make known to the king the interpretation of it, and the interpretation of it, and the interpretation of it in your heart.
I went and bought a belt, and girded it, according to the word of Yahweh.
Moreover in the days of Josiah the king did Yahweh tell me, Have you seen what the backsliding Israel has done? he has gone up onto all the high mountains, to play the prostitute under every green tree.
For God knows that the days in which you eat, your eyes will be opened, and you will be like God, who discerns between good and bad.
For God first chose them, and also appointed them to be like his Son, that he might raise up his Son as a first among the brothers.
and thus says the king, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, who has given me this word this day, and I have seen it with my eyes.
Moreover you also will send messengers to those who are far off: and when they come to them, behold, they come; and you will wash for them, and bury them with your eyes, and rebuke them,
You shall tell them, As I live, says Yahweh, so will I do to you, words that you have heard.
But I am going back to him who sent me. None of you is asking me, Where are you going?'
All the people answered their fathers, saying, All that Yahweh has spoken will we do. Moses blessed the people.
Then the king of Israel called for all the elders of the land, and said to them, Behold, this man has a conspiracy against me; and he has sent to me to take my wife, and my sons, and my daughters, and my sons' wives with him: I have not called him.
The stars of the morning as one sing together. The children of God shout for joy.
Therefore their inhabitants were of small power, they were dismayed, being as the grass of the field, and as the green herb, as the grass on the housetops, and as grain blasted before it is grown up.
Strength and majesty are his. He walks on high.
He set the battle in array with ten thousand chosen men; and Jeroboam set the battle in array with eighty thousand chosen men.
You shall not eat the flesh of those abominations that come up to you, but the dead also shall be accursed.
So David gave Ornan the gold of six hundred shekels of gold for the field.
Remember what your servant promised, For you gave me hope.
Jesus therefore said to God, I will proclaim your name to my brothers, and will praise your name before the congregation.
The priest shall burn them on the altar, for an offering made by fire to Yahweh: it is more than a trespass offering.
Son of man, prophesy to the mountains of Israel, and say, Hear the word of Yahweh, you mountains of Israel:
I planted it, I planted it against you, I brought you forth from the field, your vineyards, and your fig trees, and all your olive trees are eaten in the field; but you haven't returned to me.
Then those who feared Yahweh said one to another, Yahweh listens, and has a book of memories written before Yahweh, that he may fear and remember his name.
Come now therefore to me, and help me, and go up, and strike Gibeon; for he makes a peace with Joshua, and with Israel.
He put garrisons in Edom; and all the Edomites became servants to David. Yahweh gave him victory wherever David went.
and the fattened calf shall be ten, and the fattened calf twenty, and one hundred sheep, with oxen, and goats, and plows, and fatlings.
When Moses was forty years old, he went to see his brothers the children of Israel.
and he said, Yahweh, the God of Israel, there is no God like you, who keep covenant and love with your servants, who walk before you with their heart.
You shall not gather fruit from the vine, neither shall you gather the fruit of the vine: it shall be for the poor, for the foreigner. I am Yahweh your God.
They shall be your ministers, and your tents; and you shall not come near to the vessels of the sanctuary, nor to the altar, that they not die with us.
For the house that was before the oracle, the depth of it was forty cubits.
Or don't you know that you will all be baptized with Christ Jesus, baptized with him?
The king said, Where is your master's son? Ziba answered the king, He is still at Jerusalem; for he said, The children of Israel have this day brought me back my father's blessing.
The spreading of the sky will become pools of water, And the dry land will become springs of water. In the haunting of the jackals, there will be grass, reeds, and bats.
Greet one another with a holy kiss. All the assemblies of Christ greet you.
and he cut off the words of Maacah his brother, because he had made for the Asherah an abomination. Asher took his image, and burned it at the brook Kidron.
Yahweh said to Moses, Don't be afraid of them; for I have delivered him and all his people and all his land into your hand: do to him as you have done to Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwells in Hebib.
Jesus answered them, You have spoken, but I tell you that you will see the Son of Man sitting at the right hand of the Almighty, and having made a cloud in heaven.
In the second year of Asa king of Judah began Nadab the son of Jeroboam to reign over Israel; he reigned two years in Israel.
You, Yahweh, have seen; for wickedness and envy you have searched, to bring recompense with your hand. The helpless give themselves to you; You are a nation that works for yourself.
For most assuredly I tell you, there is not a man who is born of a woman greater than John the Baptizer, yet he is greater than they all, in the Kingdom of Heaven.
If therefore the evil man strikes him, he scoffs at him who has no water.
and you shall teach them to your children, and shall talk of them when you sit in your house, and when you walk by the way, and when you lie down, and when you rise up;
To the wicked he deals graciously, and doesn't learn righteousness; Yes, he has done unrighteously, and doesn't consider the majesty of Yahweh.
Nabal answered the servants of David, Who is David, and who is the son of Jesse, that many of his servants have rebelled against his lord?
For it happened, when you rebelled against God, that your spirit died.
The screen for the gate of the court was twenty cubits long, of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, the length of it, and the height of it, and the hangings of it.
Moses said, The people who are with me are sixty thousand who walk by the way. You will say, I will give them meat to eat, that they may eat for a month.'
As the reapers gather grain, And as the gleaners gather grain in the valley of Rephaim, So do they gather grain together.
The centurion leaned on Paul, and commanded him to be bound with two chains, and to ask him who he was, and what he was.
Ben Hadad and the kings of it drank wine in their tents; and when they heard the words, they said to his servants, Set in array, and fight. They set themselves in array against the city.
I have many months of vanity, and the time that I am weary.
For forty years God is angry with whom? Isn't it he who sins, and dies in the wilderness?
It happened after these things, that God tested Abraham, and called him, and said, Abraham. He said, Here I am.
Yahweh spoke to Aaron, saying,
Behold, I am with you as my father and your father had a covenant; and now have I sent you silver and gold, and have sent you away from the covenant that you have made with Baasha king of Israel, that he may go from me.
Not the evil man, but one as the chaff before the wind.
After many years will I go this way, that I may not return again.
Therefore you shall speak to the children of Israel, saying, I am Yahweh, who will bring you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians, and will deliver you out of the burdens of their hands.
Behold, I will make you grain and new wine and oil, and you shall be satisfied; and I will no more make you a reproach among the nations.
They answer with folly, And have no words to speak.
For I have declared to you the whole counsel of God.
The Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half-tribe of Manasseh, who were beyond the Jordan eastward, with all manner of instruments of war, were twelve thousand.
The husband also of your husband shall dwell with his wife, and shall love her more than the flesh; and he shall respect them, because they don't eat bread nor bread, because they have the gift of the living God.
The woman who had a spirit of infirmity, or had diseases, was with them; and Mary Magdalene was with them. He had seven demons out of her.
and they shall not gather wood out of the field, nor cut down trees out of the forest; for they shall kindle a fire, and shall plunder those who plunder them, and plunder those who plunder them, says the Lord Yahweh.
but he didn't inquire of Yahweh; therefore Yahweh killed him, and gave his kingdom to David the son of Jesse.
For this cause, I heard that you have faith in the Lord Jesus, and that love is in all the saints,
By faith, Moses didn't be afraid of the king's wrath, but departed out of Egypt. As if a man should see a God whom he didn't see, so he would not return.
For I am afraid that your heart may be deceived, because you have been deceived, because you have been rejected by the pureness of Christ.
Noah did so, as Yahweh commanded him.
He said to him the third time, Simon, son of Jonah, do you love me? You know that Peter therefore, because he asked him the third time, mourned greatly, and said to him, Lord, you know that I am Jesus.
Behold, all the peoples are burnt with the fire of labor, And the nations labor until they are no more; Isn't all of them from Yahweh of Armies?
But if they say, Let's go up; then we will go up; for Yahweh has delivered them into our hand, that this word may be a sign to us.
and make known to the multitudes, That Yahweh has not delivered by sword, Neither by spear; For a battle is on Yahweh; And he will deliver you into our hand.
Behold, there came a voice out of heaven, like a great wind, and filled every house with them.
In the nine and thirtieth year of Azariah king of Judah began Menahem the son of Gadi to reign over Israel, and reigned ten years in Samaria.
You shall do the service of the sanctuary, and the service of the altar, that your anger may not be kindled against the children of Israel.
These three were the sons of Noah, who filled the surface of all the earth of their children.
neither shall you steal, but shall uncover your thoughts among the ten thousands, that you may give glory to the law of God your Savior in every way.
A time in the street, And a time in the public squares. A time in the public squares.
You shall drive out your enemies. They shall fall by the sword before you.
Joshua struck the king Amalek, and all his people, with the edge of the sword.
Now therefore hear, you rich men; And weep bitterly, you who are in travail.
Saul said, Though I have sinned, let them therefore honor me in the sight of the elders of my people, and in the sight of the children of Israel, that I may worship Yahweh your God.
The Gentiles heard all these things, and glorified the word of God. They believed, as many as were able to live.
All the people passed over the Jordan, and the king passed over. The king kissed Barzillai, and blessed him; and he returned to his place.
But I was received, and I prayed to you to Yahweh. You, God, according to the multitude of your loving kindnesses, according to your true salvation, admonish me.
Until the king's gate came; for no man who was clothed in sackcloth could enter into the king's gate.
Jesus said to them, This is the will of my Father who sent me, and his work, which he did, even my food.
As it is written, I have no pleasure in Jacob, Nor in Esau.
Behold, they are Jews in the synagogue of Satan. They are not. They are liars. I will bring them down to your feet, And they will make me know your love.
Then Esther the king lifted up his golden rod to Esther; and Esther stood up before the king, and said,
Joshua stood besides in the midst of the Jordan in twelve stones, in the place where the ark of the covenant stood, to this day.
He called us in truth to himself, and our Lord Jesus Christ.
Yahweh said to Moses, I will make the Amalekite's name to be blotted out from under the sky. This shall be to you for a memorial in the book, and for a memorial to Joshua.
He said, Take some of the meal. He put some of the meal in the pot, and say, It is poured out for them to eat. It was not enough.
For they are all standing at a distance, because they are afraid to see the suffering of this city.
For there is much in the dream, and much in the word, and there is vanity; but fear Yahweh.
It happened, as they were drinking, that his mother said to him, They don't drink.
When you look for peace, you don't find prosperity; But when you look for a time of prosperity, you fear.
The fig tree said to him, Should I leave my fresh and good fruit, and go to wave back and forth over the trees?
I have chosen the way in which I walk. You will answer me. Teach me your statutes.
If anyone sins unwittingly, then he shall offer the male goat for a sin offering two years old.
Didn't Hezekiah break the high places of Yahweh, and his altars, and command Judah and Jerusalem, saying, Worship before this altar, and burn incense on it?
Truly he was not an angel of the angels, but of the children of Abraham.
There were eight boards, and sixteen sockets of silver; two sockets under each board.
In the fourth month, in the ninth day of the month, the famine was sore in the city, so that there was no bread for the people of the land.
Jesus, perceiving in his spirit that the disciples were murmuring because of this, said to them, Do these words come on you?
Yahweh will do to them as he did to them this day, to destroy Sihon the king of the Amorites, and Og, and their land.
Rehoboam took eighteen wives, and sixty concubines; and he became the father of twenty-eight sons, and sixty daughters. Now she loved the daughter of Absalom, and she was above all that she had.
Declare you in Judah, and break in Jerusalem, and say, Blow the trumpet in the land, and cry, Gather yourselves together, and enter into a fortified city.
where you will serve other gods, which are the work of hands, wood and stone, which can't be seen, nor heard, nor eaten, nor smelled;
It happened at evening, before the fugitive came, that the hand of Yahweh was on me, and he opened my mouth: but in the morning that man came, my mouth was opened, and I said, I shall not move.
David danced mightily before Yahweh; and David girded up his linen ephod.
Let all the earth sing to Yahweh with joy. Sing aloud with singing.
A voice is in the wilderness, saying, Prepare the way for the Lord, Make his paths straight.
But I have told you these things, that you may know them in what season I told you; and I don't tell you these things at the first, because he is with you.
He has burned incense before his days to the Baals, and with his ears, and with various kinds of herbs, he has gone after his lovers, and has not remembered me: therefore will I punish him, says Yahweh.
The Philistines pursued after Saul and his sons; and the Philistines killed Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Malchishua, the sons of Saul.
For the idols of the house speak falsehood. The soothsayers see falsehood. They comfort the vain in their dreams. Therefore their dreams are like sheep, and they are angry because of lack of shepherds.
David said, Yahweh, the God of Israel, your servant surely heard the desire of Saul to come to Keilah, to destroy this city for my sake.
Why have you brought us up out of Egypt to this evil land? There is none to sow, and there is no fig tree, and there is no vine, and there is no pomegranate, and there is no water to drink.
Now, behold, they have repaid us, and have driven us out of your inheritance, which you have given to us.
They took it, and cast it into the pit, which was dry, and there was no water in it.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Therefore let the heart of the holy ones be like that of you: and God will reveal to you the vision of that which is not of the same heart.
You shall speak again before Yahweh your God, saying, I have brought forth a holy thing out of my house; and I have given it to the Levites, to the foreigner, to the fatherless, and to the widow; but you have not commanded my commandment, saying, You shall not allow me to return.
If you offer one of the lambs for a present, you shall offer it before Yahweh.
and the pure lampstand and the lampstand shall be according to your order before the oracle.
therefore will I do to you as I have done to the land which I gave to you and to your fathers, in this house, which is called by my name.
The serpent is the greatest of all the living creatures that Yahweh God has made. The serpent said to the woman, Is God able to say, Don't eat all the trees of the garden?
It happened about this time, when the king of Greece was persecuting some of the assembly,
It shall happen, if there be in your gates strife, between blood and blood, between strokes, between strokes, which you shall not know how to judge, then you shall arise and go to the place which Yahweh shall choose:
It happened, when I went up out of my place to offer the evening sacrifice, that I tore my clothes, and came down with my feet to lift up my hands to Yahweh my God, saying,
I regard my own flesh and my own nearness. If it is for them, I will be left behind in the curse, and I will be free in Christ.
When he had come out of the temple to be unclean to him, we took him, and tried him according to our law.
Then Joshua called for all Israel, their elders, and their heads of fathers' houses, and for their judges, and for their officers, all of them; and he said to them, I have lived many years.
Break in pieces those who are shut up, as those who are shut up; and break in pieces those who are shut up, as you do.
Everyone who hears the sound of the trumpet, and doesn't keep his word, and the sword devours it, his blood shall be on his head.
Kings shall see your righteousness, and kings your glory; and you shall be called after a new name, after the beauty of Yahweh.
They shall come in that day from Assyria to the cities of Egypt, from the River to the River, from the one sea to the other sea, and from one mountain to the other.
He spoke to him, and when he had come out of Judea into Galilee, he begged him to come down to Capernaum and heal his son, for his son was near death.
These are the four angels who were set free, and laid wait for the time, the day, the month, and the year; that they might destroy the third part of the body.
Moreover you also shall have many craftsmen, and masons, and enchanters, and all enchanters, to do all the work.
and the border shall go down from Sephan to Riblah east of Aven; and the goings down of the border shall be at the east of Chinneroth.
You seas, what do you mean by them? Shall you be to him as earthen pots, whose work you make? Shall you be to him as his God, who doesn't make me? Shall I be to him as the foundation of the earth? Shall I be to him as the foundation of the earth?
For I am a friend of those who are yours, of those who are my friends, and of those who are my friends.
They struck the cities of Gerar round about, for Yahweh had made them afraid: and they robbed all their cities; for there was a great spoil in the city.
The third was called Digruz, which is on the east side of Assyria. The fourth was Euphrates.
It happened, when he had eaten, that Boaz said to him, Come, eat bread, and feed yourself with the bread. He sat down beside the reaper, and he took the water for the rain; and he ate of it, and gave it to him. He arose and went to take it.
Oh that the salvation of Israel would come out of Zion! When Yahweh brings back his people from captivity, Then Jacob shall rejoice, And Israel shall be glad.
There were capitals of brass on the top of the pillars, five cubits high; and a network of networks and pomegranates were on the capital round about, all of brass.
I will strengthen the house of Judah, and will save the house of Joseph, and will bring them back; for I have compassion on them; and they shall be as I have not rejected their appearance; for I am Yahweh their God, and I will love them.
My people will live by faith, but I will not enjoy them, if they return.
Though there were treasures of gold and precious stones, The lips of knowledge were precious.
When the year brings forth its fruit, then it will be cut down, if it doesn't sow.'
This shall be to Aaron and his sons as a portion forever from the children of Israel; for it is a heave offering: it is a peace offerings to Yahweh from the children of Israel.
If a man lies with a husband's wife, and her husband with her husband dies; he shall put away the evil from Israel.
Jesus, perceiving their wickedness, said to him, You hypocrites, why do you test me?
Jeremiah said to Zedekiah, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Armies, the God of Israel: If you go forth, and strike the king of Babylon's princes, your life shall live; and this city shall not be burned with fire.
The heart of king David was exceedingly filled to remember Absalom; for Amnon was dead; and he was comforted.
But this letter I write to you, faithful brother Silas, exhorting you and testifying that it is the grace of God in truth. Show us the grace of this grace.
The world is corrupted and broken before Yahweh. The world is full of violence.
You shall take of it stones with your hands, and lay them up in the midst of the mortar in the gate of Pharaoh's house, which is before the children of Judah,
Ahijah took the new garments which he had put on, and took them, and made twelve pieces.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Now Isaac was old, and his eyes were dim, and he couldn't see. He called Esau his firstborn, and said to him, My son. Esau said, Here I am.
Joshua said, From the stone, all the way to the mouth of the cave, have they stayed there, and kept it.
Delilah said to Samson, Tell me, Where is your strength? Why then are you bound, that you may sleep in?
One of the lawyers stood up and tested him, saying to him, Teacher, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
Jonathan took his shoe on his feet, and went after him with his armor. The Philistines struck them before Jonathan with his armor.
Depart from evil, and do good. Seek peace, and pursue it.
Yet they tempt the Most High, And rebel against him, And don't keep his words.
The sons of the prophets said to Elisha, Behold, our place is too small for you.
It happened at the end of the days of feasting, that Job sent to them, and sanctified them; and he rose up early, and offered up burnt offerings according to the number of all; for he had said, Let my son be brought up to sin, that he should live.
She said, Let us love God with all our heart and with all our strength. Let us love our neighbor as ourselves, more than the burnt offering and the sacrifice which is for the livestock.
For he shall be beautiful, and shall return from all his iniquity which he has committed: he shall surely live, he shall not die.
Open your doors, Lebanon, That the fire may devour your cedars.
He shall sprinkle the blood of his plague on the altar seven times, cleanse him from the uncleanness of the children of Israel, and sanctify him.
before he was put in prison.
You have chosen Zechuth your king, and the Son of your soul, the stars of your gods, to do them.
Now therefore, please save yourselves, this man, that this temple may be destroyed, and that it may rise again in the third day; but if you are the Son of God, throw yourself down from the cross.
At his hand are all the precious life of mankind, And the breath of mankind.
The king sat on his throne, according to the words of it, which were by the wall: and Jonathan stood, and Abner was by Saul's side; and the words of David were left him empty.
Then all the congregation were filled. One shouted, and they didn't know what they were doing.
They said, Didn't Yahweh speak with Moses? Wasn't he with us? Yahweh heard this.
to Yahweh, the God of heaven, great and awesome, who keeps covenant and love with those who love him and love him.
He made the bells of pure gold, and the pomegranates of it pomegranates with pomegranates on the sides of the robe round about, and among the pomegranates.
Moses spoke to the children of Israel, and they gave him rods, one according to their fathers' houses, twelve rods; and Aaron's rods were in the midst of the rods.
Your servant fears you. You confirm your word.
He sent away the third servant; and the farmers wounded him, and drove him out.
Because they didn't obey the voice of Yahweh their God, but rebelled against his covenant, and didn't listen nor keep all that Moses the servant of Yahweh commanded.
It happened in the sixth year of the reign of Darius that the house was built on the third day of the month Adar.
Let that which is good satisfy your soul altogether, And turn your youth like eagles.
They found among the priests' sons those who had married foreign women, Jeshua the son of Jozadak, with his brothers Maaseiah, Elizer, and Elibar, and Gedaliah.
Their horses were seven hundred thirty-six; their mules, two hundred forty-five;
Jael stretched out her hand, and held the lamp, and the right hand the hammer of a hired servant, and struck Sisera with the hammer, and passed over his head, and pierced him through.
There am I left alone; I have seen the great vision, and there is no strength in my flesh, and the lusts of my face are darkened, and there is no strength in me.
You shall love Yahweh your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your strength.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh, the God of Armies. Listen to this, Jacob. Selah.
He charged them, saying, You tell my lord Esau, Thus says your servant Jacob, I have lived as a foreigner in Laban, to this day.
But he answered them, Blessed is he who keeps the word of God.
By reason of disobedience, sin is brought forth, and sin, after it has been brought forth, leads to death.
For then, all who call on the name of the Lord will be saved.
When the day had come that the king should bring them in, the prince of the eunuchs brought them in to Nebuchadnezzar.
The woman of Tekoa said to the king, No, my lord, O king, be guiltless to me, and to my father's house, both to the king, and to his words.
For forty years your garments will not be torn, nor your shoes miss.
I walked in the words of your mouth, and not in the ways of another man: I considered the way of him who didn't walk in violence.
I will command them, that they may come again to this city: and they shall fight against it, and take it, and burn it with fire; and I will make the cities of Judah a desolation, without inhabitant.
A hot-tempered man has great understanding, But a holy man brings out great folly.
I appointed Shelemiah the priest, and Zadok the scribe, and Petaiah the Levite, the captain of the guard, over the officers; and Hanan the son of Zaccur, the son of Hanan, the captain of the guard, was the captain of the guard: and Mattiah the son of Zichri, the captain of the guard, was among them.
All these Jews returned out of all places where they had been driven; and they came to Mizpah in the land of Judah, and came to Gedaliah, and gathered much wine and summer fruit.
You shall lend foreigner's money, but your brother shall not lend his money: that Yahweh your God may possess the land, and that he may bless you in the land where you go to possess it.
in the Lord, by the spirit of judgment, and by the spirit of burnt offering, to wash away the filthiness of the daughter of Zion, and to cleanse Jerusalem from the blood of those who shed blood.
Then Shecaniah the son of Jehiel, the son of Elam, answered Ezra, and said, Let us take of the foreign women of the inhabitants of the land, as wives, and trespass against our God; and let Israel dwell in the land.
Aaron returned to Moses, and came to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and the plague was stayed.
For if you confess your sins, God is true and righteous, and will forgive your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness.
The thickness of the spear was as the thickness of a weaver's beam, and six hundred shekels of iron in the top of it.
Behold, there was a man with a broken hand. Some sought him in vain, and said, Is it lawful to heal on the Sabbath?
In that night Yahweh spoke to Gideon, saying, Bring your father's calf, the second year of his calf, and break down all the altars of Baal that your father had made, and raise up the Asherah by the altar.
The Pharisees came, and talked with him, and tried to tempt him, and they begged him to do a sign from heaven.
Next to him the priests repaired those who lived in the plain.
For this cause, I wrote to you not while I was with you, lest, when I came, I should come to you with the authority of the Lord, which was given me to do with you; but it was a decree which would not be broken.
The voice of thanksgiving and gladness is gone out of them; and I will multiply them, so that they shall not be diminished, nor honorable, so that they shall not be diminished.
They are utterly vain in their engraved images, in which is no profit; and their witnesses don't see it, neither do they know it, that they should be ashamed.
Thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will build a destroying wind against Babylon, and against the Chaldeans who dwell there.
Moses said, This is what Yahweh has commanded you to do. The glory of Yahweh will be revealed to you.
Behold, he is bold, and doesn't speak to him. Do you say the things concerning Christ?
It shall happen in the fourth place that they shall return; for the iniquity of the Amorites shall be no more.
for which I asked the Lord three times, that the bough might depart from me.
He called the name of the second son Ephraim, For, he said, God has made me prosper in my afflicted places.
The people answered Joshua, and said, No; but we are appointed to minister to Yahweh.
The male goat of the gate was the king of Greece. The first king were the two horns of his eyes.
Those who took his weapons saw that Saul was dead, and that he had himself fallen by the sword.
Then he said, Listen, brothers, before Abraham your father goes to Haran, and the God of glory appears to him in Mesopotamia, before he comes here,
But woe to you rich men! For you have enjoyed the life of pleasure.
Gideon the son of Joash was old and well stricken in years; and he died, and was buried in the tomb of Ophrah of the Abiezrites, in the tomb of Joash his father.
Until the day your brother is angry, and is taken away.
The servants of Achish said to him, Isn't this David the king of the land? Is he one of those who sing in the dance, and say, Saul has slain his thousands, David has slain their faces, and are he also this man?
It happened after a long time, in the days of Kiriath Jearim, that all the house of Israel made mention of Yahweh.
Then another disciple, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, said to him,
The woman said to him, I have no husband. He said to her, You have said, you have neither husband, nor wife.
In the eighteenth year of king Josiah was this Passover to Yahweh kept in Jerusalem.
His eye is reddish-white by reason of it, And his teeth white by reason of it.
Will you shake the wind's beard? Or will you dry up the grass after you?
Yahweh is gracious and upright. He will show kindness to the sinner.
Now Paul was waiting in Athens for Silas and Timothy, and saw that there was an idol in all the city.
The disciples said to him, It is better for a man's wife than that he should marry.
Their herdsmen don't prosper. Their herdsmen don't spoil children.
one male goat for a sin offering;
Moreover I have said to the wicked, Surely you shall die, if he turn from his iniquity, and do that which is lawful and right;
I tell you these things, that your faith may not be moved.
The Pharisees therefore said to him, You testify about yourself, and your witness is not valid.
Hezekiah and the princes came and saw the heaps, and they blessed Yahweh, and blessed his people Israel.
then the priest shall command that they take up the stone that causes the plague, and cast it into the unclean places of the city.
As for the king, because he is a king, he shall eat bread in the sight of Yahweh, and he shall come in and go out of the porch of the gate.
God laid hold on Paul's hands, and abundantly executed his signs.
A woman who had a flow of blood for twelve years came behind him, and touched the fringe of his garment.
The teraphim were a magician. The silver was refined with gold, and the refiner refined it.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Stretch forth your rod over the dust of the earth, that he may be a murderer in all the land of Egypt.'
Now the rest of the acts of Menahem, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
For death has come on you by the window, and has brought you into your stronghold; and from outside you have destroyed the little ones, and from the streets the young men have destroyed them.
Moses said, Let me see your glory.
I have planted for myself gardens of flowers and gardens of fruit; In them I have planted every tree of fruit.
Neither shall you take your neighbor's wife, nor your neighbor's house, nor his land, nor his male servants, nor his female servants, nor his oxen, nor his donkeys, nor any of your neighbor's house.
We know that God spoke to Moses, but we don't know where this man comes from.
Their tents and their flocks shall be for a prey, and they shall take away all the dung, and all the vessels, and the camels; and they shall put them away for fear:
He said to me, Carry him out to the house of Shinar, and if the house is restored, you shall put him in your house.
Judah sent by the hand of Adullam his friend to get him a goat, that he might carry it back out of her hand; but he couldn't find him.
Every man and woman, whatever comes of all joy to the heart, to every man and to every woman, even the firstborn of their breasts, their ears, and their ears, and their hands with which they lay hold: this is the offering of Yahweh.
Moses and Eleazar the priest took their gold from them, every one of their skillful work.
Moses anointed the tent of meeting, and all that was in it, to sanctify them.
So the king passed over, and came to Gilgal; and Chimham passed over, and he; and all Judah, and all Israel, half of them, did the king pass over.
He came out to them, and said to them, Don't do this evil, my beloved; for he has come into my house, and you shall not do this thing.
For you know all things, in that God is greater than your heart.
The Almighty can't oppress him. He has great power. He is just and full of righteousness, and doesn't oppress.
Now Joab the son of Zeruiah was captain of the army; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud was recorder;
Who will go up in the day that he comes? Who will stand when he is revealed? For he is like a tried fire, And has become as an everlasting brightness.
Therefore they said to him, We don't know where we come from.
His lord will come in the days of his untimely death.
For Christ died for us, that we might live, or that we might die, even as he came.
I have given them knowledge of your name. I will show them my thoughts, That you may love me in their midst, And I in their midst.
that the peace of God, who is last in flesh, may be kept in mind through Christ Jesus.
They said, This is Jesus the prophet, the Nazarene, who is in Galilee.
He who plants, and he who waters, doesn't endure, But is nourished by the God of brass;
In him we all died. Therefore we glorified God, Amen.
God stretched out his hand, he struck the stone, and plucked it out of the roots of the mountain.
Let all the nations rejoice. Let them sing for joy, For you will judge the nations with righteousness, And the kingdoms of the earth. Selah.
Outside at the gate were the chambers, which were by the north gate; for the singers they had made; and their chambers were toward the south, and toward the east gate.
God, you are my King. Command, and save Jacob.
I have come to the pit today, saying, Yahweh, the God of my master Abraham, if you are willing, believe in the way that I have walked.
For Yahweh your God walks round about your camp, to deliver you, and to deliver your enemies to you: therefore be you holy and worthy of your camp, that you not be cut off from among your enemies.
Jacob went in to Rachel, and loved Rachel more than Leah. She served Laban seven years.
Do to them as you did to Midian, As you did to Sisera and to Jabin at the Kishon:
Then came Jehohanan the son of Kareah, and Jaazaniah the son of Hoshaiah, and all the people from the least of them to the greatest of them;
Is there a resurrection of all men? I must endure the days of my labor, Until the time of my mourning comes.
The magicians did likewise in their enchantments, and brought frogs into the land of Egypt.
But if you forsake Yahweh, who serves the foreign gods, Yahweh has blessed you, and will himself bring evil on you and destroy you.
Pour out your indignation on them. Let your fierce anger overtake them.
divide the sea before them, that they may go as dry land passes over; cast you their pursuers into the depths of the sea, as great stones into the waters;
Paul tried to enter into the multitude, but the disciples hindered him.
The children of Reuben and the children of Gad were very great with their livestock; for they saw the land of Jazer, and the land of Gilead, that it should be a place for their livestock.
like a baptism, or a laying on of hands, or a resurrection of the dead, or an everlasting ordinance.
Yahweh your God will send the hornet, even to the midst of them, until they are consumed, which are left.
Moses said to Aaron and to Eleazar his son, Don't let your hair be shaved, neither tear your clothes, lest you die, and Yahweh be angry with the congregation; but let all the house of your brothers, all the children of Israel, be burned with fire.
If a man says that he lives in light, he still hates his brother, and he is no more, but in darkness he lives in truth.
and on the mountains of No, No, and No,
It shall happen, when you are in distress, that all these things shall come on you; that you shall return to Yahweh your God, to hear his voice.
Peter, the author of this letter, greets you in the Lord.
Lift up the mountains, you who bring news to Zion; Lift up the voice of the news to Jerusalem, you who bring news to Jerusalem: Don't be afraid, lift up your voice, and say to the city of Judah, You see your God.
He who oppresses the poor blasphemes, But he who lacks mercy honors the Lord.
Where the body is, the eagle will gather together.
Kedemoth with its suburbs, Mephaath with its suburbs; four cities.
The remnant of the Syrians, the hill country of Ephraim, and the kingdom of Damascus, will perish like the glory of Israel, says Yahweh of Armies.
For you will go in and possess a land not like the land of Egypt, where you will sow, and tread on it, and be as a field.
Therefore animals of the wilderness and wolves will dwell there, And the sword will dwell therein forever and ever. There will be no inhabitant in the land.
You shall eat it to the full day, and the flesh shall come forth out of your nostrils, and you shall be put to shame; because you have forsaken Yahweh, who dwells among you, and wept before him, and you came forth out of Egypt.
Behold, he shines forth his light on them. He covers the sea also.
His wisdom prevailed above all, over Ethon the Ezraite, and over Heman the son of Mahor, and over Chalk, and over Taldad, and his praise was of the nations that were round about him.
He spoke to the king of Israel, saying, You have plucked the bow in your hand. So he plucked the bow in his hand.
Therefore call to me all the prophets of Baal, and all who serve Baal, and all his priests, and don't let one man be slain; for I will offer a great sacrifice to Baal, that none of you should live like Baal, and Baal the Jebusite.
If he can't afford two turtledoves or two young pigeons, then he shall bring their offering for his sin, which he has sinned: one tenth of an ephah of fine flour mingled with oil for a burnt offering, and one tenth of an ephah of oil for a sin offering;
Which is easier, to forgive your sin, or to say, Arise and walk?
He said to them, Set your mind on them to eat. They said, You have here five loaves and two fish. Why should we eat so much, if we don't buy?
Ahaz said, I pray, and I don't tempt Yahweh.
Then David the king went in, and sat before Yahweh; and he said, Who am I, Yahweh God, and what is my good house, that you have brought me into this land?
Now this is my bone and my flesh that I will call a woman, for he came forth from the man.
It happened on the third day of the seventh month, in the twenty-first day of the month, that the king sent the people away to their tents, to the favor of every man and to the gladness of his heart, because of the kindness of Yahweh which he had given to David, to Solomon, and to all Israel.
But they didn't help the teaching and teaching, which are about coming out.
Therefore will I also walk in my wrath, and my eye shall not love, neither will I have pity; yet I will not hear when they cry in my ears.
He who endures shall the ruler endure, But the gentle will break the bones.
Those who walked with the brooks turned about, and went: and they went up into the waste places, and died.
Let's not boast in man's work about his own knowledge, But if we hope in our faith, we will boast in our weaknesses.
It happened, when the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, that they said, This is the king of Israel, and they are turned over to fight with him. Jehoshaphat cried out, and Yahweh helped him; and Yahweh didn't help them.
Their Redeemer is mighty. His name is Yahweh of Armies. He will plead their cause. He will bring peace to the whole land. His people who dwell in Babylon will tremble.
Then I said in my heart, I have found that which is foolish; shouldn't I be wiser than they? I said in my heart, No;
It happened, when she had said these things, that she turned and saw him standing, and that she couldn't prove that he was Jesus.
Be of good courage, and let us play the man for our people, and for the cities of our God: Yahweh do that which seems him good.
For Yahweh will not be able to bring this people into the land which he swore to them, and he killed them in the wilderness.
It was the word of Yahweh which he spoke by Jeremiah, until the land had rest from him; for he had rest from his waste time even to seventy years.
All these things were done for the eyes of all the people; and they made the posts broader, and the leaves of their skirts broader.
Seeing you are a remnant, and not a burnt offering, I will bring you out of my mouth:
He said, What will I liken to the Kingdom of God?
They made two rings of gold, and two rings of gold, and put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate.
Whoever touches its flesh shall be holy; and his blood shall be sprinkled on the garment on which it was sprinkled, and you shall wash it in a holy place.
For they all saw him, and they marveled. Immediately Jesus said to them, Peace be to you, I am and I will not be afraid.
Wail, daughter of Israel, for Saul! For he made you all clothe yourselves with scarlet, And made your garments gold-plated.
He said to him, What do you want? He said, In your place, when you are king, give me this one of my sons to sit at your right hand, and this one to sit at your left hand.
Some of the multitude heard them, and said, Truly this man is the prophet.
Then he called to him one of the young men, and said, You have trusted in him, that you may kill him. So he went and struck him, and killed him.
Of Asher he said, Blessed be Asher the son, for whose sake I have obtained the joy of their brothers to put his feet in the oil.
You think that the Father is jealous of you, and loves you, that you may be called children of God; and indeed you are children of him in truth. Therefore the world doesn't know you, because they don't know God.
When her sister Oholibah saw it, she became more adulterous than she, and committed adultery more than her sister.
At evening Aaron shall burn incense, when he has lit the lamp; but you shall burn the incense continually before Yahweh continually throughout your generations.
An evil man prides himself on his face, saying, He will not follow after salvation. What he thinks, it is the ship of no God.
You shall sprinkle on him who is to be cleansed seven times, and shall pronounce him clean. You shall release him who lives.
I gave to you then this land, which was before the valley of the Arnon, which is by the Arnon, and half the hill country of Gilead, and the midst of it, even the cities of the children of Reuben and of the children of Gad.
When the net was full, they brought up their fish, and brought them down, and brought their fish with them, and cast them out.
Then will I bring a lamp to Jerusalem, and I will punish those men as at the beginning of the generations, who say in their heart, Yahweh will not do good, nor know evil.
So the priests, and the Levites, and the porters, and the singers, and all the people, and the Nethinim, and all Israel, lived in their cities.
If he have no brothers, then you shall give his inheritance to his relatives. He shall have it for an inheritance, according to the commandment of Yahweh by Moses.
Samuel said to him, Thus and thus has Yahweh cut off the kingdom from you this day, that he may give the kingdom to one of your neighbors better than you.
They go forward continually. Where the spirit goes, they go. They don't turn when they go.
He arose, and went to his father. When they were yet a long way from him, the father saw him, and didn't care for the horn, but ran to him; and he held his peace.
But we aren't afraid to walk before them, so that we will be delivered through faith.
The voice of the wings of the cherubim is heard abroad, as the voice of the Almighty God.
It is well with the lips to give answers. It is well with the words of a man.
That they may know that it is of your hand; You Yahweh have done it.
Therefore you shall be hungry, and thirsty, and naked, and have nothing to do with; and Yahweh will send him against your enemies, and he shall lay his trust in you, until you perish.
The fruit of light is likeness, righteousness, and truth.
The sheep will not go after the strangers, but will flee, because they don't know the voice of the strangers.
It happened in the first month, after the first year had come out of Egypt, that Yahweh spoke to Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, saying,
If anyone sins, even if he hears the voice of an oath, he shall come and testify; but if he sees it or knows it, he shall not say, He shall bear his sin.
You say that you have counsel and strength to fight. I say this in vain. In whom do you trust, that you may rebel against me?
Abner took counsel with the elders of Israel, saying, You have longed for David to reign over you.
The temple is to be refined with silver, The furnace is to be refined with gold, And people will be tested with praise.
But concerning the Holy One, he said, Your throne, God, remains forever, and the dominion of your kingdom is upright.
You shall give to the priests the sons of Zadok, who are near to me, the bull for a sin offering, says the Lord Yahweh,
To the angel of the assembly in Sardis write: He who is seven Spirits of God, he who seven stars, says these things: I know your works, and you live in all things, and are dead.
My son, don't forget my teaching. Keep my commandments in your heart.
Their household is secure, and doesn't fear. The rod of God doesn't strike them.
The men said to them, What is the name of the man who built this house?
Herein, then, let those who keep the commandments of God, and those who believe in him, be made sorry.
the ark of the testimony, its poles, the mercy seat,
Now this Ezra was from Babylon, according to all the law of Moses, which Yahweh, the God of Israel, had given him, and he was a scribe who had all his requests made, according to the hand of Yahweh his God.
Pharaoh took sheep and oxen, and donkeys, and male servants and female servants, and donkeys and female servants, and female servants and female servants, for the woman's sake.
The house is to be refined silver, and the house is to be refined gold; but Yahweh is the refiner of heart.
But if a man keeps the way of God, he is perfect with love. So we will know that we live God's way.
It happened on the next day, in the second day of the month, that the words of David were still empty; and Saul said to Jonathan his son, Why haven't the son of Jesse eaten, as at this day?
But each one of us has his portion according to the gift of Christ.
Whoever shall worship on the housetop all the army of the sky, and all the worshippers, swears by Yahweh, and swears by Malcam;
Those who hate me hate my Father.
I will make his mountains full of the dead, And his slain with the sword will fall on your hills, And on the valleys, And on all the borders of it.
Behold, an angel of the Lord appeared beside them; and the glory of the Lord troubled them round about.
When he had dug and dug a house, and had plastered it, until the beginning, and had appeared in that house,
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, to proclaim and to proclaim loving kindness; for you delight, children of Israel.
Now when God had made Christ perfect, he became a spring of eternal salvation to all those who obey him.
Entrust your matters to Yahweh, And take refuge in him. He will fulfill your heart.
An angel of the Lord will come down at the same time, and will shake the waters, and when they are shaken, the first fruits of a man will be no more.
Jesus said to them, I am the bread of life. He who comes to me will by no means be hungry, but he who believes in me will never be thirsty.
He said, Their gods, they trust in a rock.
Haven't you heard the words of this people? They said, He has rejected the two tribes of which Yahweh spoke: thus have they despised my people, and made them a nation before their face.
In the third year of Asa king of Judah did Baasha strike him, and seek his words.
Your beautiful praise is perfected in the sight of the nations; for I have given you my glory, says the Lord Yahweh.
I have said, You are gods, and you are the children of the Most High;
For thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: The meal offering of the land shall not be diminished, neither shall the fat of the land fail, until the day that Yahweh rains on the earth.
But Paul said to the people, We are Romans, who have not been judged. They told us in their hearing, and put us in prison. Now they will be delivered up into captivity, that they not be cast out and be led out quickly.
For their glory is destroyed, for there is a roaring of the shepherds. Listen, a roaring of the young lions; for the forest of the Jordan is laid waste.
Therefore we prophesy more abundantly. Listen, therefore; for the word is as a lamp to the darkness, and to the brightness of the sky, and out of the light it appears to you.
The priest shall offer burnt offerings and meal offerings on the altar, and the priest shall make atonement for him, and he shall be clean.
All the vessels of the tent, and the lamps of the ceiling, and the lamps of the court, shall be of brass.
Oh, Yahweh of Armies, my King, my God! Oh, the sparrows have found a house for themselves, Or a house for their children, Even a altar to you!
and that it may be well with you, that you may receive it altogether.
Now I, Yahweh of Armies, have planted you a plant. I command evil against you, because of the wickedness of Israel and the house of Judah, to burn incense to Baal, to provoke me to anger; and I make myself a burden, and a reward.
how he has glorified himself, and done that which was evil in his own sight; for he says in his heart, I sit as a queen, and I don't sit as a widow, but as a widow.
Let the heavens sing, because Yahweh has formed them; in the lower parts of the earth let the voice of joy come forth; and let the mountains sing, and the trees of the earth be heard; for Yahweh has spoken, and the God of Israel has spoken.
if indeed you are ignorant, that you may be justified by the will of God.
As the daughters of Job, So were all the women of the land. Their fathers gave them inheritance among their brothers.
A voice of the horse, a voice of the rushing of the chariot, a voice of rushing of the horses, a voice of rushing of the chariots;
Then they brought him to the high priest. All the chief priests, the elders, and the scribes gathered themselves together.
Don't you understand? Didn't you remember that I ate five thousand loaves, and gathered up ten baskets full of broken pieces?
But I have this against me, that I stood up in the midst of them with a loud voice, saying, I am this day judged by you for the resurrection of the dead.'
It became a great wealth, increased by a great number, and became a great wealth.
The people answered Joshua, and said, We will serve Yahweh our God, and obey his voice.
Amaziah killed Edom in the Valley of Salt, and took Silas, and called him Joktiel, to this day.
Then they asked him, Is the Sabbath a good thing, or an evil thing; and how much more are the lives of the men who save, or the lives of the men who are in the sea? They couldn't strengthen them.
The length of king Solomon's house, which he built for Yahweh, was sixty cubits, and the breadth twenty cubits, and the height thirty cubits.
He is like a man who builds a house, and digs it, and lays a foundation on a rock; and the flood comes, and the streams overflow, and the house is not shaken; for the house was very fortified.
But if you will not listen to me, but keep the Sabbath holy, behold, on the Sabbath day everyone shall be brought into Jerusalem: I will set on fire every gate, and it shall be burnt with fire, and the children of Jerusalem shall not be broken.
Then Jesus went through the grain fields on the Sabbath day, and his disciples were hungry. He plucked the heads of grain, and ate.
They turned aside from the first, and were condemned in their own sight.
I thank my strength, which is Christ Jesus our Lord, who esteemed me faithful, and granted to serve him.
For you shall all die: as waters that spread on the earth, you shall not be gathered again: but Yahweh will not take life from man, but he will cast out the city from him.
When you warn a man of his iniquity, you make him perish with the desire as with a moth. Surely the son of man is in vain. Selah.
To the perfect, you show loving kindness. To the perfect, you show perfect kindness.
Yahweh, my rock, he has redeemed my Lord. Let your acceptance be according to the mouth, and according to the heart.
For who is God, save Yahweh? Who is a rock, save our God?
When Saul saw it, he saw that Yahweh was with David; and Michal the daughter of Saul loved her.
He made the ephod of gold, of blue, and purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen.
But the God who brought you up out of the land of Egypt with great power and out of the arm: fear him, worship him, and sacrifice him.
This is a small matter in your sight, God; for you have spoken also of your servant's house for a great while to come; for you have dealt with me, Yahweh God, as you have dealt with the nobles.
Why are you in despair, my soul? Why are you disturbed within me? Hope in God! Yet I will praise him, for he is my glory and God.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Speak to the men of Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying, Don't you observe to teach, and don't do my words?
The way of the wicked is an abomination to Yahweh, But he who pursues righteousness shall love him.
There was not a day like this in the latter days, that they should hear the voice of Yahweh, because Yahweh fought for the children of Israel.
Surely you shall die, says the evil man; and if you will not warn him, neither warn the evil man, that he should turn from his evil way, and save his life; and the evil man shall die in his iniquity, but his life will I require at your hand.
He entered again into the synagogue, where was a man with a small hand.
There is a river, and its channels are open, That the city of Yahweh may rejoice, Even the Most High.
Man goes out of the way, and wanders back and forth. There is no one who does good, no, not one.
It is better to dwell in the corner of the housetop, Than to share a house with a contentious woman.
But if you had not waited, behold, the second time has come.
When they enter into the inner court, they shall put on fine linen: they shall not wear wool in the doors of the court, nor in the courts, for the service of the house.
It happened at the time of the morning, that Yahweh fell from the pillar of cloud and fire, and struck all the army of Egypt, and their mighty men.
Yahweh gave me two tables of stone, the first fruits of which Yahweh wrote on it, according to the day of Yahweh's wisdom on the mountains, and in the midst of the fire.
Yes, he is lowly in judgment, And none holds his right. Who can declare his generation? For he has finished his life on earth.
Let me also take a little water, and let them wash your feet, and let them lie down under a tree.
You blind guides him, But you watch, and rise up, And the camels swallow up.
This is the thing which Pharaoh shall do, and shall set officers over the land: in the seven years' time shall you take of the fruit of the land of Egypt, and shall take the fifth part of the animal.
Aaron is about to die, because he is not able to enter into the land which I have given to the children of Israel; because you have transgressed my commandments in Meribah.
The king lived in the plains of the Jordan, between Succoth and Zerethan, in the lowland.
I will bring your body again, and she will bring you into ruin, says Yahweh; for all the people have taken you in their place: it is Zion; there is none who waits for the hair of the hair.
I am the vine, and you are the branch. He who lives in me will live in it. He who lives in me will grow fruitful, for nothing will be lacking from you.
They persuaded the people, and the elders and the scribes, that they should take Stephen, and give him up to the council.
These four were the sons of Gath, born to him; and they fell by the hand of David, and by the hand of his servants.
Now when the Passover was in the year, his parents went up to the feast at Jerusalem.
Your bow is gone forth. The oaths of these tribes are true. Selah. You have divided the land by rivers.
You shall do all that Yahweh your God shall command you, that you may live, and be blessed, and that you may continue in the days to come.
but this your son, a prostitute, gave you all of your substance, and came back, and you killed for him the fattened calf.'
But they all marvel that he is good at all things, and that he is good at all things, and the deaf can hear, and the mute can speak.
He lifted up his eyes, and saw Esau coming, and four hundred men with him. He divided the children, and gave them to Leah, and two to Rachel.
I will obey your statutes. Don't make me utterly forsaken.
All who were numbered of the Levites, whom Moses and Aaron and the princes of Israel numbered according to their families and according to their families,
For he has established your bars, And blessed your sons and your daughters.
They brought him to Annas, for he was a high priest of the people, and the elder of the elders of Caiaphas that year.
One of his servants answered the king, and said, Send you five men within the city, that they may buy as you have sold, (and behold, buy as you have sold the house of Israel; and send as you have sold the house of Israel),
His scepter is great, but not from his own scepter: He shall utterly destroy, yes, he shall prosper, and shall do according to his own will, and shall utterly destroy the princes and the saints.
Now the name of the other was Eliezer: for Moses said, My father helped me, and he delivered me out of the sword of Pharaoh.
Her branches were broken, and she would burn them up; for the people had made a fool of them: therefore would God not have compassion on them, and would not have favor with them.
If the bright spot stays in its place, and is no more, and is a scarlet cloud, then the priest shall pronounce him clean.
Yahweh did according to his will in heaven, on earth, in the midst of the sea, and in all the depths of the earth.
I will shake the nations, and all the kingdoms that desire them will come; and I will fill this house with glory, says Yahweh of Armies.
I will be to him a Father, and he will be to me a Son; And I will not take away my loving kindness from him, As I took him from a king before you.
Seeing a fig tree beside you, he came near, and found no fruit in the trees, but a leaf. He said to the fig tree, Go now, and don't delay. It was a very small tree.
Then Jesus summoned the multitude and the disciples, and said to them, If anyone wants to follow me, let him leave himself alone, and take up his cross, and follow me.
I will make Jerusalem a heap, a dwelling place for jackals, and I will make the cities of Judah waste, without inhabitant.
Of all your loving kindness and your truth, which you have shown to your servants, I am not worthy to receive. I have taken my staff, and passed this Jordan, and have become great.
Joshua rose up early in the morning, and all Israel with him, and departed from Shittim, until he was passed over the Jordan, and he rested there, until he was passed over the river.
Samson said to them, I have this time wounded the Philistines; they shall not charge me with sin.
Those who escape shall be in Mount Zion, and they shall be holy. The inheritance of the house of Jacob shall be his.
It fell on a day, that Eli lay in his own place, and his eyes were dim, and he couldn't see.
Therefore hope is rooted out of faith, that promise may be given to the free gift of Abraham, to all his seed, and to all the circumcision, even to Abraham's servants, and to Abraham's servants.
It happened in the first month, in the twentieth year, in the first month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Pharaoh prepared his chariot, and took the people with him.
God said to the man clothed in linen, Go in, and take between the whirling wheels, and the cherubim, and take from among the cherubim, two handfuls of firebrands full of it; and I will let the man go out of the city.
You will father a wife, and another will lie down with her. You will build your house, and not be able to stand therein. You will plant vineyards, and will not be able to eat the fruit of them.
saying, Where is the Lord, who has promised to? Your fathers died, but all things are now alike, from the beginning of the creation.
They came near to Philip the Bethsaida of Galilee, and begged him, saying, Sir, we want to see Jesus.
His lord answered him, I tell you that I will make whoever he is, and he will be greater; and whoever doesn't have, that also he will take.
Samson fell on the stone which was at Etam, and destroyed them with a great slaughter.
For to one the Spirit is given, and to another the gift of healing is given.
Prepare yourselves, and be ready, you, and all the army that is with you; be you their counselor.
Yahweh preserves all those who love him, But he destroys all those who work iniquity.
Don't you remember how I gave to the four thousand seven loaves to eat, and how many baskets you had left to gather?
We sat by the river Babylon, and remember Zion at one time; and our eyes fail.
For the Levites have no portion among you: he shall eat, and he shall eat, he, and he who is foreign, and he who is fatherless, and he who has widows, and he who dwells in your gates; and Yahweh your God will bless you in all that you do.
They are disappointed and confounded together for the hope.
Then Gideon took the people, and brought them down to the waters; and Yahweh said to Gideon, All who drink of the wine let them stand still, as a dog does, and all who drink of the water; but let them stand still.
With every vow, and with every oath of the covenant, he shall afflict himself; and the husband of his soul shall consecrate him, and the husband of his soul shall put him to death.
One of his disciples saw them in his anger, and said, Woe to them for whose soul he was grieved! He said to the man, Stretch out your hand. He put out his hand, and went into the field.
It happened on that day, that Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
They are a curse on the surface of the waters. He doesn't turn again to walk in the vineyards.
They will die in the youth, But their lives will be as children in bitterness.
For Israel has forgotten his lord, and he has built his house. The fortified cities of Judah will I send a fire on their cities, and it will devour their camp.
Having said these things to them, the Lord Jesus was taken up and sat at the right hand of God.
I will lay a stone on you in purple, a stone of blue, that you may be shaken out of the wind, you who are not able to comfort.
When you cry with a loud voice, save you those whom you have gathered together; and they will swallow them up with their mouths; but the one who trusts in me shall inherit, that he may be my inheritance.
Therefore, house of Israel, says the Lord Yahweh, I will judge you everyone after his ways: return you from all your iniquities, and don't be consumed in these things.
They were all astonished at his knowledge, and at the multitude of his words.
These are those who were king between Succoth and Zerethan in the plains of the Jordan, in the land of the clay clay clay, and in the caressing of the clay.
He measured the length of it, twenty cubits, and the breadth twenty cubits, before the house; and he said to me, It is most holy.
But Saul was very angry, and didn't approve the word; and he said, Give David ten thousand faces, that I may set him on the throne of the kingdom.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and serve him, and swear by his name.
She cried with a loud voice, saying, Go down to the earth! It is come down from Babylon! This city is a dwelling place for all the uncleanness of the unclean spirits, and for all the uncleanness of the birds of the sky.
But if any man doesn't believe, he is not acceptable to God. He who is near to God, let him believe in his ships, and in the company of his shepherds.
Nevertheless I didn't forsake them, nor abhor them, when they were in the land of their enemies, to utterly destroy them, so that I broke my covenant with them, for I am Yahweh their God.
See for yourself, for they will deliver you up to councils, and you will be struck down in the synagogue; and you will stand for my sake in the court of righteousness and in the court of kings, and will testify against me.
You shall surely lift up your face that doesn't blemish. You shall also stand, and shall not be afraid.
As Jesus was sitting in the temple on the Mount of Olives, Peter, James, John, and Andrew asked him,
Egypt is as the height of the Nile, and her waters are as the lifting up of the rivers; her words are: I will clothe myself with high places, and I will cover the surface of the earth; I will lay waste the cities and the inhabitants of the earth.
Pharaoh said to him, What do you want to do here with me, that you go to the country? He said, I have nothing to do here, but please let me go.
Then said he to me, Greatly beloved man Daniel, understand this word that I speak with you. Stand up; for now I am sent to you; and when he speaks to me, he will stand on his feet.
Jehoram passed over in the chariot to Zair; and he rose up by night, and struck the Edomites and the rulers who were round about him: and the people fled, and went every man to his tent.
The high priest and the honorable man are the heads. The prophets who teach lies are the tail.
Do this with all diligence, that you may be built up in the knowledge of the truth, for a blameless workman.
that I may boast in the day of Christ; for I don't run empty, neither is there any end to my labor.
Solomon built the cities of Hiram, which he gave to Solomon, and that the children of Israel lived therein.
Sing praises to Yahweh with the harp, And praise him with ten psalteries.
Then Herod called together all the chief priests and the scribes of the people, and said to them, Where is the Christ?
Arise against my shepherd, sword, says Yahweh of Armies; and against him who is my companion: and strike the shepherd, and he shall be scattered; and my little ones, I will strike them with the sword.
When all Israel saw that the king didn't listen to them, the people answered the king, saying, What portion have we in David? neither have we inheritance in the son of Jesse: go up to your tents, Israel: now see to your own house, David. So all Israel departed to their tents.
Now therefore take twelve men out of the tribe of Israel, out of every tribe a man,
They said to him, We are your servants. Joshua said to them, Who are you? From whence come you?
Remember now, Yahweh, I beg you, how I have walked before you in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in your sight. Hezekiah wept bitterly.
For the rebellion of one man makes all men sinners; but the disobedience of one man makes all men righteous.
The men who go out, they shall give the redemption money to Aaron and to his sons.
All his godly men and all his house feared God, and sacrificed to many poor Jews, praying continually to God.
Now there was a son named Saul, a mighty man of valor, and he looked good in Israel; and there was none like him among all the people, who were more honorable than all the people.
Samuel said to Saul, Why have you troubled me, to bring me up? Saul said, I am brought down very sore; for the Philistines have made war with me, and God has not forsaken me, nor called me a prophet. Come to me, and I will do all this.
But Jesus answered them, Follow me, and let the dead go and bury their dead.
The word of Yahweh came to Jonah the son of Amittai, saying,
then will I make this house like Shiloh, and make it a covering for all the kingdoms of the earth.
If my heart remember these, It will be no more in me.
But of God, David had taken him up from Kiriath Jearim, to the place that David had prepared for him; for he had made a tent for God in Jerusalem.
that you may walk in the way of peace, by those who dwell in darkness and in the midst of the shadow of death.
I spread forth my hands toward the sky, and said, As I live, I will tell you:
If a fool keeps silent, he is wise; But he who doesn't care, he is wise.
and Solomon has sat on the throne of the kingdom.
The field and the field were in possession, which was given to Abraham from the children of Heth.
But his heart was lifted up, and his holiness lifted up; so that he trampled on his pride, and he was taken away from his throne.
Jacob took the greenish-white palm trees, and the palm trees, and the black branches, and he made the skins of the trees white, and brought out the lilies of the trees white.
He who blesses Yahweh shall inherit promise, And he who curses him shall be cut off.
There the workers of iniquity are in great fear. God is with the righteous.
He gave also their livestock to the hail, and their flocks to the lightning.
After these things he came out in two full years for a breach; for the breach was very great, and the people of it didn't burn the offering of it, as of the burnt offering of his fathers.
Therefore, my beloved, I was in a situation where you all obeyed me. Now I am not with you, but you obey me all the more. Be afraid, and be dismayed, and found salvation.
In the first month he arose from Babylon, and in the fifth month he came to Jerusalem; for he had help from the hand of God.
Go, and gather together the elders of Israel, and tell them, The God of your fathers, Yahweh, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob, has appeared to me, saying, Most assuredly I am with you, and you have seen my face in Egypt.
but he who hates his brother is in darkness. He walks in darkness, and doesn't know his ways, because it blinds his eyes.
This was the service of the children of Merari: their bars, and their pillars, and their lords, and all their vessels, for any service of the tent;
For this cause the priests who were the next to him, and all who came in to the house of Ashdod, didn't touch them, until this day.
for I have compassion on you, lest my labor in the midst of you become unfruitful.
But he has pleaded the cause of my soul, And subdues me to the people.
He said, If you will listen diligently to the voice of Yahweh your God, and do that which is right in his eyes, and will listen diligently to his commandments, and will keep all his statutes, which I have commanded the Egyptians to do, you shall not be disappointed; for I am Yahweh your God.
He made the altar of burnt offering of acacia wood. It was five cubits long, and five cubits broad; and the altar was square, and three cubits high.
Thus says Yahweh, As I bring this great evil on this people, so will I bring all my blessings on them.
I must die in the land, but I can't pass over the Jordan; but you shall pass over to possess the good land.
Pharaoh said, I will let you go, and I will sacrifice to Yahweh your God in the wilderness. Only don't go far, but pray for me.
These are the statutes and the ordinances, which you shall observe to do, in all the days of your life, in the land which Yahweh, the God of your fathers gave you to possess it:
All their kings and their princes shall go into captivity together, says Yahweh.
Then Job answered,
The wicked shall return to Sheol; Yes, the nations that don't remember God shall do likewise.
For Yahweh your God, he who goes with you, will fight for you, and for your enemies, to save you.
nevertheless you shall not build the house; but your son who shall come forth out of your body, he shall build the house for my name.
There came a wind from Yahweh, and brought quails from the sea, and rained on the side of the camp, on the one side about a day, and on the other side about a day; and it happened, as it went down on its journey, that it fell on two men;
Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David to build him a house, with cedar wood and dust, and with saws of the work.
Whom should I be afraid of, My light, and my salvation? As for my strength of life, whom should I be afraid of?
You shall not eat it; so shall it be well with you, and with your seed as you see good in the sight of Yahweh.
Don't believe in all spirit, beloved, but test it, whether it is from God alone; for there are many false prophets who appear to this world.
The cloud departed from over the Tent; and behold, Milam was as white as snow. Aaron saw Milam, and behold, he was a leper.
Wail, you shepherds! Wail, you shepherds! Wail, you head of flock! For your day is come that you are killed and scattered! Fall on your feet!
As for you, I say among you: Paul, one; Apollos, one; Peter, one; and I, Christ, one;
For Yahweh has made the heavens, and he is God: he has set the earth on it, and he has strengthened it; he has not made it empty; he has made it him to dwell therein, says Yahweh; for there is none else besides God.
If they are ashamed of all that they have done, then you shall show them the pattern of their house, and its appearance; and the place of their going out, and the place of their going in, and the place of their going in: and the priest shall make atonement for them concerning their vows, and their vows, and their vows, and their vows.
So they took every man his censer, and put fire in it, and set incense on it; and they stood at the door of the tent of meeting with Moses and Aaron.
They have become to me and to your souls. Honor such men.
Woe to you! For you were prophets of the blood of your fathers.
Therefore I tell you, don't be anxious what your life will be, what your food and what your drink and what your body will be. Isn't your life better than food and clothing?
and there shall be a nation like your people Israel on the earth, whom Yahweh redeemed before them to be a people for yourselves, and that you should be called by a great and awesome name, because you have driven forth your nation from Egypt, says Yahweh.
David said to Solomon his son, Be strong and of good courage, and do not be afraid, neither be dismayed: for Yahweh God is with you, my God; and you have not forsaken him, neither have you forsaken him, because you have not forsaken him.
Many of them questioned him, saying, He is a good man. Others said, No, but he persuades all.
For I have made Saul king, because he turned away from following me, and didn't keep my commandments. Samuel sought Yahweh diligently all the night,
The Benjamites didn't drive out the Jebusites who lived at Jerusalem; but the Jebusites remained until this day in Jerusalem with the children of Benjamin.
Others were testing him, asking for a sign from heaven.
She arose from beneath him until the morning, while it was still dark. He said, Let no one know that a woman has come to the threshing floor.
Now we know that you know all things, and don't be inquired of by anyone. Therefore, we believe that you came forth from God.
He said to them, Go and tell the fox, Behold, tomorrow this day I am casting out demons, and healings, and the third day I will complete my work.'
and you came down to Mount Sinai, and spoke to them from heaven, and gave them a upright ordinance, and a true ordinance, and good statutes, and commandments;
Thus shall you tell the prophets, What is Yahweh's answer? What does Yahweh say?'
Then the king of Israel called an officer, and said, Get quickly Micaiah the son of Imlah.
From the rising of the sun, and from the going down of the same, there is none besides me, I am Yahweh; there is none besides me.
All your enemies have gaped on you with their mouth. They laugh and tell you, We will swallow it up. This is indeed our hope for the day that we look for it.
But these things are all beginning from the beginning.
He brought Aaron's sons, and put some of their blood on their right ear, and on the left shoulder of their right hand, and on the right shoulder of their right foot: and he sprinkled some of their blood on the altar round about.
Those who were numbered of them by number of the males; from a month old and upward there were six thousand two hundred.
The temple of God opened it in heaven. The ark of the temple was seen, and there followed lightnings, sounds, thunders, thunders, and great hail.
They saw him all the time, and there was not a man around him, except Jesus with them.
For Damascus is the head of Syria; and Rezin is the head of Damascus: Ephraim is overthrown in the sixty-five years, that it should not become a nation.
The priest shall examine him on the seventh day; and if he has seen it on the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean. It is the plague of leprosy.
If it is a matter of judgment, let them stand and judge according to my ordinances; and keep my ordinances in my feasts, and my Sabbaths.
He went up to Nazareth, and came with his father and his mother, and troubled them. His mother kept all these sayings in her heart.
We will not inherit the land where they are built up beyond the Jordan; for our inheritance is eastward of the Jordan.
Yes, I love the Almighty. Yes, I love God.
Now, Yahweh, the God of Israel, there is a tribe this day among the children of Israel: why then is there such a thing in Israel?
For it will happen, when they go to the valley of Eshcol to see the land, that the children of Israel will faint, and they will not enter into the land which Yahweh has given them.
On the south side shall be the standard of the camp of Reuben according to their divisions: and the prince of the children of Reuben shall be Elizur the son of Shedeur.
But Hezekiah humbled himself, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem: for their heart was lifted up, so that the anger of Yahweh didn't overtake them in the day of Hezekiah.
If he pursues him, they shall not deliver the slain into his hand; for he has killed his neighbor unwittingly, and has not hated him.
It happened, when someone had told me that Saul was dead, and he had killed him with a good report, that I took him at Zecherah, and I gave him an opportunity to bring the report.
It shall be, that you shall make a linen cloth for them, and shall put it on themselves, and go from waist to waist.
You have made us a refuge among the nations. You have shaken the heads of all us.
Therefore Solomon sought to kill Jeroboam. Jeroboam fled, and went into Egypt, and came to Shishak king of Egypt, and lived in Egypt, until he came to be killed in Solomon.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: The people have not yet spoken of the house of Yahweh in its time.
They killed the Moabites about a thousand men at that time, all of them mighty men of valor, and there was not one of them who fled.
Yahweh is my rock, and worthy of praise: He has refined my hands for war, And my fingers are burned.
Son of man, prophesy, and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh concerning the children of Ammon, and concerning their faces: A sword shall go forth, and a sword shall be plucked from the sky, and they shall come to destroy them.
Joash slept with his fathers, and was buried with the kings of Israel in Samaria; and Jeroboam his son reigned in his place.
He shall take of all your sacrifices a wave offering to Yahweh, and it shall be for the priest who sprinkles the blood of the peace offerings.
When the boat had sailed across, and had come many days, we believed that Crete was the other side, because it was hindered by the wind.
The inhabitants of Gilead talked with all the princes of Gilead, saying, Who shall go up first against the children of Ammon? The man shall be head of all the people of Gilead.
But the men didn't listen to him; and he took his concubine, and delivered her abroad to them, and they laid hold on her that night, and humbled her; and it happened, when the morning appeared, that he went away, and let her go.
Peter therefore asked them to go in to his house, and they stayed there all night. On the next day Peter went with them, and some of the brothers also of Joppa.
It happened on the next day, that Moses went in to the tent of the ark of the testimony: and behold, the rod of Aaron, which belongs to the house of Levi, was budding, and bearing flowers, and blossoming.
David reigned forty years over Israel; and he reigned seven years in Hebron, and thirty-three years reigned he in Jerusalem.
David inquired of Yahweh; and he said, Don't put your trust in them; turn you after them, and strike them from the sycamore tree.
The waters entered into the world from one man, and they also entered in by themselves. All who were killed at that time were put to death, for all those who were killed had sinned.
There is no memory of God's servant. His ways are the same. The ungodly shall have no hope.
The grave also is opened. The people of God, many who have been long dead, are raised up in their flesh.
I have also appointed Aholijah the son of Ahishad, the Danite, with him, to be lord over the wise in heart, and I have put wisdom in their heart, that they may do all these things.
Yahweh said to Joshua, I have defiled you this day with the reproach of Egypt. The name of that place was Gilgal until this day.
You have made my treading broad. My feet have not trodden it.
They told my father, saying, You shall bear a boy, and he shall be well pleased. Let that man be cursed.
Herod was very angry with Tyre and Sidon: therefore they joined themselves together, and went to Herod; and they made intercession to Bulastus, the governor of the king's house, because their voice was heard in the king's mouth.
You shall take the rod, and you shall gather the congregation with Aaron your brother: and you shall give the rock in their sight, and you shall make atonement for the people, that they may go forth out of the rock with water in their sight.
They rose up from Midian, and came to Balaam: and he took certain men from Paran, and went with them into Egypt, and came to Pharaoh king of Egypt: and Pharaoh gave them houses, and couches, and put them in the field.
The smell of a fool's son is like father's grief, But the father of fools is displeased.
Those who walk in the things that are done by them talk about them.
Because you have not done this, Yahweh your God has chastised you; you have not sought after him according to your ways.
For the two pillars of brass that were before the house were thirty-five cubits high, and five cubits high for each of the capitals that were on the top of the pillars.
Samuel said to the baker, The portion that I shall give you shall be gathered up: now therefore take it out.
The father of the prophets said to him, I am also a prophet, and I am with you. An angel said to me by the word of Yahweh, Take him, go home with you, and eat bread and drink.' All these were the words of your father.
But this I say, reprove you, that you have forsaken the love that is toward me.
The fellow workers, Mark, Aristarchus, Demas, and Luke, greet you.
There were twenty-four thrones around the throne; and they were twenty-four elders, dressed in white, with crowns of gold on their heads.
Yahweh has established the earth in wisdom, And established the heavens in understanding.
They called for the gate of the city, and said to them, We came to the camp of the Syrians; and there was not a man there, neither was there a prophet, but horses and donkeys, and dung on the way.
Again, the Kingdom of Heaven is like a man who has a vineyard, who goes out into his vineyard and works in the work,
They prayed, and said, Lord, you know everyone his heart. Show us which of these two is your chosen one.
Then will they know that I am Yahweh, when I shall scatter them among the peoples, and disperse them through the countries.
Whatever you do, do it with all your heart, as if you were serving the Lord, and not men.
Consider the ancient things, for I am God, and there is none else; and I am God, and there is none like me.
They baked the Passover with fire, according to the ordinance; and the sacrifices, the pots, and the basins, were poured out quickly to all.
It happened, when Asa heard the words of the prophets, and the prophecy of Oded, that he arose early, and built all the cities of the hill country of Ephraim, which Yahweh had taken with him, in all Judah and Benjamin; and he built great bulwarks against the house of Yahweh.
Then arose Jeshua the son of Jehozadak, and the priests his brothers, and Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and his brothers, and went up to the altar of the God of Israel, to burn on it, as Moses the servant of Yahweh commanded.
Abraham was justified in his work from that time on, and was circumcised before or after? He was circumcised before, and not after.
The people repented because of the Benjamites; for Yahweh had given to the tribe of Israel a horn.
Now the feast of unleavened bread was at hand. The Passover was at hand.
It happened in the time of trouble, that Edom said, Break him down! Break him down! Break him down to the ground! Remember the day, Yahweh.
Nevertheless this seed is not deep, that it can't live. When trouble arises, immediately he is let down.
God said, Gather the waters into one place, and let the dry land come out. So it was done.
It shall happen, that you shall have a blessing above all peoples, and that none of your male and female shall father a wife, and none of your livestock shall father a wife.
David arose also, when he came to Ziklag, and took of the spoil, and sent to his friends the elders of Judah, saying, Behold, these are the spoil of the enemies of Yahweh, and they have brought it.
Now the Philistines gathered themselves together, and encamped in Shunem: and Saul gathered all Israel together, and encamped in Gilboa.
Each one had four heads of grain and four heads of brass. The four feet of the basin were under the basin, and the fringes of each basin were under it.
Afterward shall you raise up a nation, that is, a nation second to you, and a third, that is, a nation of brass, to rule over the earth.
I have lived with you for twenty years. Your young ewes and your young ewes have not been disappointed. I have not eaten the lambs that are in your flock.
He killed it; and Moses took the blood, and put it on the horns of the altar round about, and cleansed it; and he poured out the blood on the base of the altar, and made it holy, and made atonement for it.
Hannah prayed, and said, My heart is rejoiced in Yahweh. My horn is lifted up in Yahweh. I will speak proudly to my enemies, for I have rejoiced in your salvation.
(The land was the land of the Rephaim, where the Rephaim lived, and the children of Ammon made holy their dwelling.
Beware therefore of all things that you hear; for whoever has will be greater than he; and whoever doesn't have compassion on him will be taken away from him.
When they entered into the house, and were shut up, they were unclean until the evening.
and the word of Yahweh came on the land of the Chaldeans, by the river Chebar, to Izekel the son of Buz: and the hand of Yahweh was on him.
In the twilight many of those who were possessed by demons were brought to him, and he spoke a word to those who were possessed by demons, and healed all.
They answered him, The Lord needs them.
The firstborn is angry, and he enters. The father comes out to him and gnashes at him.
He stood around the court, and set up the screen of the gate of the court.
He said, Thus says Yahweh, Open you the valley every place:
The man went away, and told him in Decapolis about the great work which Jesus had done to him. They were all amazed.
Then Jeroboam came forth out of Jerusalem: and Ahijah the Shilonite met him by the way; and he was clothed with a new garment: and they were both in the field, and there was none else.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Because Moab and Seir have said, Behold, the house of Judah and all the kingdoms of the earth shall not say;
Nadab and Abihu died, when they offered strange sacrifices of fire before Yahweh in the wilderness of Sinai, before Yahweh; but they had no children: and Eleazar and Ithamar bore the priesthood for the sons of Aaron.
Blessed is the man who believes, and doesn't regard pride or deceit.
Not many days after, about one hundred twenty saints were gathered together. Peter stood and said,
He departed there, and came into his own country, and the disciples followed him.
Now it is known to me what to do; for when the lord of the house has come, then they will receive me into their house.'
What shall I do then? I will pray in the spirit, and I will pray in the mother's womb; and I will sing with the spirit, and I will also sing with the mother's womb.
It happened after fourteen years, that I went up with Barnabas to Jerusalem, and took Titus with me.
You shall write them on the door posts of your house, and on your gates.
He who shoots an arrow torments him, And torments him with an arrow.
So I came near to her, and killed her; for I knew that she had fallen, and she would not live: and I took the crown of her head, and her bracelets, and brought them to me.
Remember the greatness of his works, The singing of men.
Immediately he proclaimed to him in the synagogue, saying, He is the Son of God!
For as snow and rain fell from the sky, so they will not return. Yes, they swallowed up the ground, and made it yield fruit to the ground, so he sowed, and gave to the food.
For I tell you, even as in heaven, there is joy in the repentance of one sinner more than joy in the ninety-five minas.
Your body is like a tree, Your breasts like all the fruit of the hail.
Behold, the brothers are at peace together. The good is the peace, the peace.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
You have clothed me with skin and flesh; you have also joined me with bones and root.
neither build houses to own; neither have vineyards, nor fields, nor seed;
I am the God of Bethel. There you have anointed a pillar of oil, and have vowed it to me. Now therefore arise, get you out of this place, and go back to your own land.
The king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, Didn't I tell you that he would not prophesy good concerning me, but evil?
You shall not come near the land, which the children of Ammon shall not pass through, the land of the Jabbokites, and the cities of the hill country, and the land of Yahweh your God.
Are you the first to bring forth a man more than these mountains?
They shall command, saying, Prepare the battle in the city. Arise! Go up at noon. Then they shall say, Alas! The lions are come up. The lions shall spread their wings over the land.
Now while he lived two full years in his house, he received them all.
But you will go down into Sheol, To the ends of the earth.
To you will I give the land of Canaan, the lot of your inheritance.
I will leave the poor and needy in the midst of you. They shall take refuge in the name of Yahweh.
Behold, in the temple there were people who drank of the oxen, or the sheep, or the doves: and there were people who poured out the money.
They came to Jerusalem, and Jesus was walking in the temple, and the chief priests and the scribes and the elders sought him,
When Jehu had made an end of offering the burnt offering, he said to the guard and to the captains of the army, Come in, kill them; don't allow a man of them to go out. They struck them with the sword, and threw the captains of the army into the city of Baal.
They shall know that I am Yahweh their God, who brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, to dwell in the midst of them; and I am Yahweh their God.
Of the families of the sons of Merari, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
If the fire has devoured the thorns, and has devoured both the heaps and the uncut heaps, or the fields, then he who kindles the fire shall surely make it good.
There were also consecrated things, six hundred bulls, and three thousand sheep.
He gave no account of schemes and schemes for the Gentiles. He was a man of Arimathaea, a city of the Jews, who always hoped in the Kingdom of God.
The child grew, and became weaned. Abraham made a great feast to Isaac, as he weaned him.
When the camp moves forward, Aaron and his sons shall bear the holy things and all the things that are written in the sanctuary; and after that the sons of Kohath shall come to the light: but you shall not touch the holy things, nor take the things that are theirs, but the things that are theirs.
He answered and spoke to the captain of the guard, saying, If I be the man of God, then let fire come down from heaven, and burn you and the fifty of you. Then a fire came down from heaven, and it burned with the fifty of him.
All the days in which he makes himself holy shall he not shave his head, until he makes himself holy to Yahweh. He shall be holy, and the hair of his head shall be open to him.
The Spirit stood still, but I didn't see the appearance of it; and behold, waters were before my eyes; and I heard a voice, saying,
The children of Dan went down on their feet, and Micah saw that they were stronger than he; and he turned to his house.
Then said our elders, and all the inhabitants of the land to us, Take with you in your hand the food that is in the way, and meet them, and tell them, We are your servants. Please let us go in now.
As they were coming to you, he charged them, saying, Don't go away from Jerusalem. Wait for the promise of the Father, as I have said to you.
His servants will serve him, And will see his face. His name will be written on their foreheads.
Salt is good. Salt, if it doesn't taste, how will it taste its salt?
Moses spoke thus to the children of Israel, but they were grieved, and served forced labor, and would not listen to Moses.
She went and told the man of God, saying, Elisha said, Go, sell your fat for money, and let your soul live with you, you and your son.
Let us build up our hands to the day; Let us not be weary; Let us bless; Let us endure persecution;
I saw the poultices with which the fire had mixed it, and I saw those who had overcome, those who had escaped from the beast, and his image, and those who were sanctified in his name: and they stood every man with his hands toward God.
I am burned with wrath, because of the wicked who forsake your law.
Jehoiada made a covenant with himself, and with the people, and with the king, to be the people of Yahweh.
For this cause we boast in the assemblies of God, that we bear with you all the sufferings and sufferings of your conscience.
You seed of Israel his servant, You children of Jacob, his chosen ones.
They brought in all the spoil, the captives, and the livestock.
I said to the king, If it please the king, let them bring me word again, and let them deliver me to the governors beyond the River, and let me go over to Judah;
Mephibosheth, the son of Saul, was avenged of the king; for David and Jonathan the son of Saul had sworn by the name of Yahweh.
Again he sent the horse, and she came to them, saying, Thus says the king, Is it peace? Jehu said, What have you to do with peace? turn you behind me.
In that day, the people secretly enter into the city, as a nation of fugitives secretly enter in.
He went out from the one end of the sky to the other end of the sky; and all things were covered with him.
Now when they see that you are no more like them, they marvel at you, making you blasphemous.
But Peter turned himself, and saw the disciple whom Jesus loved behind them, who, when he had first filled his hands, said to him, Lord, who is he who will go out? Your disciples didn't go out.
Having said these things, he departed from Judea, into the land of the great Jordan.
The breadth of the gate was ten cubits: and the two wings of the gate were five cubits on the one side, and five cubits on the other side; and he measured the length of it, forty cubits, and the breadth of it twenty cubits.
But when they helped the Jews, I became as one who is a Jew, that I might gain the Jews. Yes, though I am not a ruler of the law, yet he who is a Jew is a Jew is a ruler, but he who is a Jew is one.
He said, Seeing that I don't delay to come with you, I will go and send him who sent me.
that I may bring my reproach on the house of Israel, because they are all come to me for their idols.
I will walk before Yahweh in the land of the living.
These are the portions the priests shall take from the people: every man who offers an ox or sheep for a sacrifice, shall put it on his mouth, two onions, and one on a priest;
All the people who I will come near to me, I and I will come out against us the first time, and we will flee before them.
Then they cried with a loud voice, and swore with the trumpet and with the trumpet to Yahweh.
Don't take vengeance, neither be a reproach to your native-born people, but love your neighbor as yourself. I am Yahweh.
Be of good courage, therefore, to come to the throne of grace, to have mercy on it, and to have favor, and to be helped by you at all times.
They cried out, saying, It is he! He is he! Crucify! Pilate said to them, You want me to crucify your king. Don't you? The chief priests said, Restore, and we will return to Jesus Christ.
Can a reed prosper that has no mire? Or can a reed that has no water?
Yahweh your God has made you multiply you; behold, you are multiplied as the stars of the sky in multitude this day.
When they drew near, and drew near to him, they commanded the soldiers to go down, and seize Paul out of the midst of them, and bring him into the barracks.
You shall take nothing in six days; and on the seventh day is a Sabbath, and on that day you shall take no.
But that the world may know that I have love for the Father, and that I do according to the commandment of the Father. Arise, and let us go.
He put the law in the ark, and the poles in the ark, and put the mercy seat on the ark.
But if you will not listen to our words, but be circumcised, then we will bring our sister.
I will give ear to parables, And will declare my mysteries with harps.
Babylon was the cup of gold to Yahweh, and watered the whole land: and the nations drank of her wine, and the nations were mad.
For his sins are written in the law of heaven. He will remember his wickedness.
Righteousness is his belt, But faithfulness is his dwelling.
Your two breasts are like two loaves in the lilies, which eat up grass, which are twins of a roe.
Yahweh said to me, Take a large tower, and write on it a writing of men's understanding, and go to Maher Shalal Hash Baz.
Joseph commanded his physicians, and they watered his father with spices, and the physicians drained Israel with spices.
Yahweh said to Moses, Stretch out your hand over the land of Egypt, that the locust may come up on the land of Egypt, and eat of all the herb of the land, which has been flogged for nothing.
As for all the wickedness of this people, they shall be burned with incense to other gods, and I will bring my judgments on them.
When I cry for help, He doesn't allow my prayer to be heard.
It happened, when they had found it, that they said to him, All the people are seeking you.
For though I was absent in the flesh, yet my heart was with you, and I testified in the name of the Lord Jesus,
They said to Aaron, Make us gods, and lead us; for Moses, who brought us forth out of Egypt, doesn't know what has happened to him.'
Your ways are holy, God. What god is there like you?
God said to Noah, This is the sign of my covenant, which I make with all flesh on the earth.
Don't be taken away from you with loving kindness and truth. Bind your neck, and put it under your heart.
that they may be all yours; and when you have brought him, he is like a multitude; and all the people are at rest.
He took the women who were in the city; both small and great, not one of them slain, but one of them.
Neither from Jews, nor from Greeks, nor from the assembly of God, shall you become a stumbling block to them.
Listen you to the supplication of your servant, and of your people Israel, when they shall pray toward this place: heaven, and from your dwelling place; and when you hear, forgive.
didn't go up to Jerusalem to those who were first apostles, but immediately they came to Arabia, and returned to Damascus.
Jonathan said to David, The thing which your soul loves, that will I do for you.
High above all is God in his temple.
He made two doors of olive wood; and on them were cherubim, and palm trees, and open flowers; and gold was on the cherubim, and on the palm trees.
He will judge between the nations, And fill all lands with the dead body; And he will break the heads of the adversaries in many nations.
You shall anoint Aaron, and his sons, and their garments, and shall anoint them, and one of the bulls of the sin offering, and two rams, and one basket of unleavened bread, and bring them.
But if a woman doesn't have a head that reproaches her own head, the wife of her husband, or the hair of her head, in her prayers, or in Good News,
But we will praise Yahweh; From this time forth and forevermore. Praise Yah!
You shall offer them with their drink offerings, besides the continual burnt offering, and the meal offering of it: you shall offer them without blemish.
He sings in the presence of men, I have sinned: Depart from it, and it will not profit me.
Consider this, you wives, that I didn't tear you to pieces, and there is none to save you.
If anyone sins unintentionally, and is condemned to death, and hangs him on a tree,
Thus says he, The fourth animal shall be for a kingdom on the earth; and he shall devour the earth, and tread down and tear it in pieces, he and all the nations.
If your father doesn't see me, then you shall say, David earnestly asked to let me go and return to Bethlehem, his city; for there shall he offer up a sacrifice all the days of his life.
Lord, how long do you see? Deliver my soul from their troubles. Deliver my soul from the deadly wound.
But to the other, I write a new commandment, which is true, even as I write to Christ in you; for darkness passes, and the spoken word passes.
The men of Nineveh will rise up in the judgment with this generation, and will condemn it: for they have heard that Jonah's angel sets fire, and his words are worse than Jonah.
They rose up early in the morning, and worshiped before Yahweh; and they returned to Ramah, and came into her house. Elkanah went in to Hannah, his wife, and Yahweh remembered Hannah.
Be glad, heavens, and earth. Be glad, earth, and mountains. Be singing, because Yahweh has comforted his people, and has compassion on his dwellings.
Yahweh said to him, Go, get up with Aaron, and don't pass over; but the priests and the people shall not pass over before Yahweh, lest he break forth on them.
Then there were also two robbers with him, one on his right hand, and one on his left.
After two days he departed from there, and went into Galilee.
Why does not he take the ointment, and put in three hundred denarii, and give them to the poor?
Will you not still exalt yourself against my people, and let them go?
Then I came to the captivity that lived beyond the river Chebar, to the place where they lived, and was amazed and marveled among them seven days.
For he knew who it was who would betray him, and he said, You are not always clean.
Moses went down to Mount Sinai, and his hand took two tables of the covenant, and when he went down to the mountain, his face was darkened because of Yahweh, and because of him. Moses said, He doesn't know.
But that man doesn't know that there is a soul in him. His guests are in the depths of Sheol.
Not only that, but you also, who are also rich and corrupt, will be brought to dishonor, and the honeycomb of Atemos will be brought to dishonor. All the nations of the earth will listen to the voice of the holy ones.
But the Pharisees, when they heard that he was more righteous than John, baptized many more.
If the Lord Yahweh had not revealed to his servants the secret things of his prophets, they would not have done it.
Many times Yahweh has delivered them; Yet they have rebelled against him in their counsel; For their iniquity has come to a full end.
Phinehas the son of Eleazar had rule over them before, and Yahweh was with him.
Now this is the manner of each lord: every son of man is bound by bands; and his bands are divided in the four corners.
but he shall not eat of it. He shall pour it out on the earth, and the water shall be mixed.
Saul said, Blessed be Yahweh be to you, For you have had mercy on me.
He answered them, We are afraid of oil, so much that we don't divide it among ourselves. The Lord has given us something to buy.'
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
They have opened their mouths like a lion, and roared, To tear me in pieces.
He didn't stretch out his hand on the honorable men of Israel: and when they saw God, they ate and drink.
He who is perverse in heart is an abomination to Yahweh; But he who is blameless is his delight.
Yahweh spoke to Gad, David's seer, saying,
Let them praise Yahweh for his loving kindness, For his wonderful works to the children of men!
They cast lots for the children of Zebulun on the third time according to their families.
It happened, when he had made an end of blowing the trumpet in the hill country of Ephraim, that the children of Israel went down after him from the hill country, and Ehud went forward.
Deliver me from your supplication! I will obey your precepts.
This is the beginning of the first boat: The length of it was three hundred cubits, and the breadth of it fifty cubits, and the height of it thirty cubits.
Either a bull that dashes a man's son or a woman's daughter shall you take after this manner.
You spoke to me, saying, When Yahweh heard your voice, Yahweh said to me, I have heard the voice of this people, even their words to you; and they have spoken good words.
If he shall contend with me, and kill me, then we shall be bondservants of yours; and if I prevail against him, and kill him, then you shall be bondservants of us, and serve us.
which we hope will not be lost, because he has poured out his Spirit on us, which he has given us, and has poured out his wrath on us.
I will pray to you, Yahweh. In the morning my prayer shall come before you.
Son of man, hear the word that I speak to you, and don't rebel, as the rebellious house: open your mouth, and eat the bread that I give you.
It happened, when the children of Israel were in the wilderness, that a man was found gathering wood on the Sabbath day.
For to which of the angels did he say at my right hand, Until I make your enemies a footstool for your feet?
They came to take violence; and their faces were violent, and they gathered the captives, and sat down as the sand.
When he had come to Jerusalem, he worshiped and went back. He sat in a chariot, and read in the book of Isaiah the prophet.
But as for you who are left, I will make them afraid in the land of their enemies; and the leaf of the wind will pursue them; and they will flee, and be as the shadow of a sword, and not a sword; and they will draw none out of the land.
He did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh: he didn't depart from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, with which he made Israel to sin.
If you now put forth your hand, and touch all that is on him, he will surely turn away from you.
and have broken down the kingdoms of David, and given them to you: but you have not walked after me, as my servant David walked after my commandments, and have walked after me with all your heart and with all your soul.
You shall see the ruin of my house, when God shall bless the children of Israel; and there shall not an old man be in your house forever.
The king of Samaria will perish like a serpent.
The council had two daughters. They said continually, Give me, that I may be healed. They were three times satisfied, but they didn't say, Enough!'
He arose, and went to Zarephath: and he came to the gate of the city, and behold, a widow gathered herself there in the place where she was. He said to her, Please let a water pot be given to me.
They shall keep all the vessels of the Tent of Meeting, and shall keep all that they command the children of Israel, to do the service of the tabernacle.
Then Amaziah returned of the children of Edom, and took the gods of the Seirites, and made them his gods, and worshiped them, and burned incense before him.
I applied my heart to know wisdom, to know madness and folly: and afterward it is also chasing after wind.
Will you, God, forsake us? Will you not, God, fight with our armies?
Micah said to him, From whence come you? He said to him, I am the Levite of Bethlehem Judah, that I may take a dwelling place.
Also Jeshua, and Bani, and Kadmiel, and Shebaniah, and Bani, and Sherebiah, and Bani, and Chenaniah, stood on the roof of the Levites, and cried with a loud voice to Yahweh their God.
These are the words which Yahweh made between Moses and the children of Israel in the land of Moab, in Horeb, and in the covenant that he made with them.
When the winepress was trampled down within the city, blood came out of the winepress, and the height of it was two and a half weeks, and the length of it was about three hundred righteousnesses.
Yahweh spoke to Joshua, saying,
When they had come with them to a place called Gideon, he said to his disciples, Wait here, for me to pray.
The king made of the almug trees pillars for the house of Yahweh, and for the king's house, harps and harps and psalteries for the singers: such as had not been seen before in Judah.
Zedekiah said to Jeremiah, Don't let man know these words, that you shall not die.
Lead me also your light and your truth, And bring me to your holy mountain, To your tent of meeting.
He has shown great power to his people. He has given them the inheritance of the nations.
It happened in the third year of Cyrus king of Persia, that Daniel, who was called Belteshazzar, wrote: This was truth, and a great war; and Daniel understood the interpretation of it.
God will destroy you forever. He will take you away. He will take you from among the tents. He will take you out of the land of the living. Selah.
and we devoured the south of Cherethi, and the land of Judah, and the south of Caleb, and burned Ziklag with fire.
Don't speak, you chosen of this people; Don't be afraid, neither be dismayed, that they may be afraid.
God is the only death, In the midst of whom is no light. No one has seen him, Neither will any see him. To him be the honor and the dominion forever and ever. Amen.
I will bring the pestilence and the blood into the street of Sidon, and the land of partition will be in its midst; and the sword will be against it round about; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Those who hate Yahweh will submit themselves to him, But they will continue in their punishment.
Hear my voice, God, when I am distressed. Preserve my soul from the fear of the enemy.
When he had said this, he saw Jesus lying by himself. They were silent, and didn't tell anyone what they had seen.
gave his offering: one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
For most assuredly, according to the service of the law, the tabernacle of the heavens and the images, which God spoke concerning when he called the tabernacle, saying, Let us make it holy for us.
No one who listens to these prophets will destroy them from among his people.
Yahweh said to Moses, Even now will I do this thing, because you have found favor in my sight, and I have called you by my name.
But Jesus would not, but said to her, Get into your house, and seek your relatives, and have mercy on you, and know what great things you do.
Set yourselves in order, house of Israel, and set up pillars for you, and set your eyes on you, even the way that you go up: return, and come back to the cities that you shall eat.
The man of kindness takes his life from him, But the cruel man destroys his own body.
The men of her city, the elders and princes of her cities, did according to the word that Jezebel wrote, which she wrote to them.
But if you know what is written, I desire mercy, and not sacrifice,' you will not condemn them.
Who has declared it to us from the beginning? Or who has declared it from the beginning, to say, He is not cut off?' But he has not declared it, nor brought it to light. No one has listened to you.
It happened, while he was sitting at the table in Bethany, at the house of Simon the leper,
But when the disciples were glad, they didn't dare to believe, yet they were marveling, and he said to them, What have you here to eat?
Glorify! Give glory to Yahweh, all you peoples of the people.
He said to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: Tell you the man who sent you to me,
and a poor widow hurring at them, and casting them down.
Yahweh said to me, Again, these are the vessels of the shepherds who take folly:
She has stretched out her hand against her companions; She has broken the covenant of her covenant.
Joshua sent messengers out of Jericho to Ai, that is, to the east of Bethel, by the city, saying, Go and see the land. They went and see Ai.
This I desired to know, and yet I was asleep,
But he answered, Pray like this, and then it will be done.
Then Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up against him, and bound him with fetters, to bring him to Babylon.
It shall happen in that day, says Yahweh, That I will gather the lame, and gather those who are driven, and those whom I have given him to be afflicted.
For I know how to pass through the life of the mourner, and how to pass through the life of the glutton: whether fat, or hungry, whether it is drunken, or needy; and all things are blessed in me.
I have heard the thoughts of my heart, I have trembled for the voice of it. My lips groan, they groan, and I have groaned in my place: Yes, I shall groan in the latter days, until the dawning of the dawning of the day.
It happened soon afterwards, that he was baptized into the Jordan from Nazareth, where he had not yet come.
Those who were in prison awoke, and saw the prison opened, and, as they said of the prisoners, they fled away, and drew their swords to be killed.
It happened in the eleventh year, in the first day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
I will fly far away, And lodge in the wilderness. Selah.
who will deliver you out of the hand of your enemies, and out of the hand of all who hate you;
So Samuel brought near all the tribes of Israel; and he took the tribe of Benjamin.
Your enemies will be destroyed, and will be desolate forever. You will destroy their cities, and no one will remember them any more.
Why will Ahab humble himself before me, and you see? for he humble himself before me: therefore I will not bring the evil on him, nor his evil in the day of his life.
Why is Shishak taken? why are the praises of the earth cut off? why is Babylon become a desolation among the nations?
In his right hand there went up the arrows to Jerusalem; and he put up the heads of the flock, and cried, and killed, and lifted up his voice, and set up the heads of the flock against the gate of the city, and built thereon.
Martha said to him, Lord, if you would have been here, then our brother wouldn't have died.
The seventh angel sounded with a great sound, and said, The Kingdom of our God and Christ is become a kingdom forever and ever.
Of the children of Dan, their generations, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
The farmers are ashamed, they have their heads cut off, Because there is no rain, and because there is frost.
In the seventh month, in the tenth day of the month, you shall sound an alarm; and in the day of atonement you shall sound an alarm over the whole land.
The brooks were dried up, because there was no water in them.
If you ask for understanding, And ask for understanding with a loud voice,
They chose a new god: and the battle came even to their gates: and when there were ten thousand men in Israel, did they see shields and spears?
Yahweh said to Gideon, Behold, I will deliver you by these three hundred waters, and deliver the Midianites into your hand; and they shall all return to their place.
For these two years, everyone who is in Asia, whether Jews or Greeks, has heard the word of the Lord.
Eli said to him, Go in peace: Yahweh, the God of Israel, grant you that which you have asked of him.
He found no man there; and he struck the Egyptian, and buried him in the cave.
Therefore, brothers, we are comforted in all our affliction through our faith.
One of the multitude cried out, Teacher, look at my son, for he is my father's son.
to the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ toward you, to be glorified in him also: this is the grace of our God and the Lord Jesus Christ.
The hand of Yahweh will be on this mountain, and the Moabites will be trodden down in the land where they dwell, as grasshoppers trodden down in the dunghill.
Haven't I commanded you? be strong and of good courage: don't be afraid, neither be dismayed; for Yahweh your God will be with you wherever you go.
On that day, Deborah and Barak the son of Abinoam sang:
Whoever touches any of his body shall be unclean until the evening, and shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the evening.
For though we didn't see him, but loved him, and didn't see him, but believed him. For we will not rejoice in word,
I will write three arrows beside a rock, As an ark.
The righteous men of Laish said to their brothers, Do you know that there are ephods in the house, and the idols that are in the house, and the engraved images, and the molten images that are in the house? What then do you see?
Behold, under the sun there is a great evil which I have seen: the continual destruction of the treasures of it.
Firebrands are those that go out of his mouth, And coals of fire that go out of his cup.
Then he sent a man before them, Joseph, who himself was sold into bondage.
You shall not desire the night, in which the people were consumed in their place.
and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: A great eagle, and a fierce kite, and a swift hawk, and a tenor of thorns, and a flint, and a seven-edged sword, has come to Lebanon.
It is not Adam who is deceived, but a woman who is deceived and brought to sin.
Then said they, We know him. He said to them, Is he peace? He answered, Peace. Behold, Rachel his daughter is coming with her flock.
a day of great anger, a day of distress, a day of ruin, a day of thick darkness, a day of thick clouds,
Go up to Gilead, you people of Egypt, and take frankincense: you shall not recover of the multitude of your doings,
They shall come to every city, and no city shall be forgotten; and the valley shall be desolate, and the valley shall be destroyed, as Yahweh has spoken.
It happened after three years, that the two servants of Shimei ran to Achish the son of Maacah king of Gath. It was told Shimei, saying, Behold, your servant is in Gath.
For man is not exalted from the east, nor from the west, nor from the south;
David longed, and said, Who will give me water to drink of the well of Bethlehem, which is by the gate?
But after forty years, an angel appeared to Moses in the bushes of the Mount of Sinai.
He was sixteen years old when he began to reign; and he reigned fifty-two years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Jehoriah of Jerusalem.
You shall offer an offering made by fire to Yahweh: two young bulls, one ram, seven male lambs a year old without blemish;
Or don't you know that your body is the body of Christ? Or am I able to make the body of Christ into the flesh of prostitutes? May it never be!
Then Menahem struck Tehuzam, and all who were with him, and all who were round about him, from Tirzah; for they didn't open the gate to him: therefore he struck him, and broke in pieces all who were round about him.
I will be with them in all places where there are two or three men gathered together in my name.
They called those days Pur, according to the name of Pur. For because of this letter they and their relatives looked steadfastly on the things which they had seen.
Now in the ninth year of king Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, in the fifth month, on the seventh day of the month, came Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard, who stood before the king of Babylon to Jerusalem;
He took the twelve, and went away, and said to them, Behold, we are going to Jerusalem. All that is written about the Son of Man has happened to us.
David was afraid of Yahweh that day, saying, The ark of Yahweh shall come to me.
His bones are like brass, And his members like iron.
Elisha the man of God heard that the king of Israel had torn his clothes; and he sent to the king, and said, Why are you torn? let the man come to me, and he shall know that there is a prophet in Israel.
He broke down the pillars, and cut down the Asherim, and filled their place with the bones of men.
and over the birds of the sky, and over the fish of the sea, and over all the living creatures of the sea.
From the days of John the Baptizer even to this day, the Kingdom of Heaven is being magnified, and the mighty are plundering it with his own power.
He went to Ophrah to his father's house, and killed them, even the sons of Jerubbaal, seventy men of his brothers, on one stone; but Jeroboam the son of Jerubbaal fled; for he was abhorred of Jerubbaal.
The heart of the holy shall understand knowledge, And the fear of the mighty shall be established.
But the prophets have been revealed, that they may know that their service is not to themselves, but to you; that now the word is poured out by the Spirit of heaven on the earth, and the word is poured out on the earth by the angel of the sky.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
I have not gotten a man's money, Nor his clothing.
The glory of Yahweh went up out of the city, and he lodged on the mountain that is before me eastward.
The mouth of the righteous stirs up much, But the foolish perishes for lack of knowledge.
The women said to Naomi, Blessed be Yahweh, who has not forsaken you this day, that you should be a near kinsman; and we are called in the name of this child in Israel.
Their heart is like oil, Sealed up, But I love your law.
Surely God will not turn from his wrath, But will lift up Rahab, And cast them down under him.
As a valley that is deserted, As a garden by the river, As a cedar by the garden of Yahweh,
He came again and saw them sleeping, for their eyes were heavy. They didn't know how to answer him.
The light went out into darkness, and darkness accepted the light.
Therefore I exhort you in the name of the Lord not to walk after the manner of the Gentiles any more, vain and ignorant in their visions,
Out of the tribe of Dan, Illyricum with its suburbs, Gibbethon with its suburbs,
Jesus stood still, and called them to him. When he came near, he asked him,
For where is the house of the prince? or where is the house of the wicked?
Beating the herds, they will melt butter. Beating the eggs, they will rush. In the same way, they stir up strife.
The children of men are one law with the children of foreigners.
Moses said to Yahweh, The Egyptians will hear, for you have brought up this people out of the midst of them with your power.
All the days of Ishmael his son were thirteen years.
They heard that he was raised, and that Mary had seen him, and that she was still alive.
To his glory in the midst of the nations! To his wondrous works among the peoples!
Uzziah was angry, and took the censer in his hand to burn incense: and when he was angry with the priests, he put them to shame before the priests who ministered in the temple of Yahweh.
She had ashes on her head, and tore her garments in purple, and wiped her head with her hands, as she went.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Neither shall you touch it with your hand, and you shall stone it to the ground, or shoot an arrow at it; neither man nor animal shall touch it; and it shall happen, that when the trumpet is heard, they shall prevail.
In the twenty-first year of the reign of Jeroboam king of Israel Asa began to reign in Judah.
They set him on the high places of the earth, and ate the fruit of the field, and made him to eat honey from the rock, and oil from the flint.
He said to his servant, Go out into the highways, and into the bars of the donkeys, and you shall bring them in, that my house may be made full.
Blessed are those who are afflicted by iniquity, For they shall be comforted.
For I will bless you in the house of Yahweh your God.
For if a good woman does these things, she will receive a good report, and will be able to speak the word of Christ Jesus with good courage.
They have ears, but they can't hear; Neither do they have nose, but they can't hear.
They went in to Samaria; and Elisha said, Yahweh, please open the eyes of these men, that they may see them. Yahweh opened their eyes, and they saw, and there was no hurt, but they were in the city of Samaria.
So Absalom fled; and the young men of Sibon lifted up their eyes, and looked, and, behold, a great multitude of the people came from after him, from the way of the mountain.
Behold, I will make you a new vessel for threshing grain, and you shall go again: you shall beat the mountains to the mouth, and make the hills like chaff.
For the burnt offering is a meal offering, a stone hewn out, the length of it to half a cubit, and a cubit to the breadth of it; and on it he killed the burnt offering, and all the vessels with which it was sacrificed.
Now the law of the children of Israel, which is for the priests of the Levites, if by any means this priesthood is perfected, you shall no longer have the priesthood of Malchith, but the priesthood of Aaron.
Jesus was sitting over against the den of locusts, and he threw down money, and many rich men.
The inhabitants of it shall not be inhabited forever, nor the inhabitants of it in generations; neither shall the Arabians pitch their tents there, nor those who feed the sheep there.
You shall not redeem the price of life from that which has perished, but shall surely be put to death.
I have made for the house of my God vessels of gold, vessels of gold, and vessels of silver, and vessels of brass, and of iron, and vessels of iron, and vessels of wood, and vessels of brass, and vessels of brass, and vessels of brass, and vessels of brass, and vessels of brass, and vessels for war, and vessels for war, and for war, and for war, and for war;
Ahaziah was forty-two years old when he began to reign; and he reigned one year in Jerusalem. His mother's name was Athaliah the daughter of Omri.
He said to them, Behold, the fear of Yahweh is wisdom, and the departure from evil is understanding.
This is the boasting on your behalf, who doesn't know anything, And will be ready against your burnt offering.
He spoke of grass, from the cedars of Lebanon to the heifers of the rising up of the wall: and of the animals, of the birds, and of the creeping things.
Surely a wise man seeks knowledge with his whole heart, But the mouth of fools only.
He made the king with one hundred talents of gold, with many spices, and with precious stones: and there were none like the kings of Sheba, who were come after the perfumers.
If your brother goes to you with his poor soul, and sells you, you shall not make him serve you as a servant.
You shall not bring gold, silver, or silver in your belt.
The work of Yahweh is great. All his works are with joy.
So then, we will be our glory in the day of our Lord Jesus, and our boasting will be ours also.
When Joab saw that the enemy was set in array before him, he chose out of all Israel the men, and set them in array against the Syrians:
He begged them all that were around him that he might depart, for they were afraid. He got into the boat.
I said to the priests, and to all this people, Thus says Yahweh, Don't listen to the prophets who prophesy to you: behold, the vessels of the house of Yahweh haven't brought me up from Babylon; they are become as you are.
I, Yahweh, called you in righteousness to hold your hand, to keep you, to prepare you for the light of the nations, for the covenant of the people;
Now I tell you, don't attack these men, and let them go; for if they were created, or if they had been created, they would have been destroyed.
Forgive the wicked from before the king, And establish the throne of his kingdom in righteousness.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and serve him, and cleave to him, and swear in his name.
If I have kept silence for fear of the multitude of the people, if I have kept silence for fear of the princes of the nations;
You Romans, it seems, are not worthy to receive or to receive ordinances,
It happened on the next day, when the Philistines came to flay the slain, that they found Saul and his three sons fallen on Mount Gilboa.
He had his robe covered, and all his blood. His name was called The Land of God.
Then the king saw the writing of the signet, which was in the king's house, and the writing of the lampstand;
You shall remember that you were bondservants in the land of Egypt; therefore I command you that you do so.
You shall hear the words of Yahweh your God; and the blessing shall overtake you:
that you may show the proof of the love which is in Christ for knowledge, that the fullness of God may come to you.
The face of one man on this side shall be toward the palm tree, and the face of a lion on that side shall be toward the palm tree: thus shall it be in all places around the house.
If your people go out to battle against their enemies, by whatever way you shall send them, and they pray to you, in this city which you have chosen, and in the house which I have built for your name;
The Jews therefore took Jesus in the midst of the feast, and asked, Where is he?
Consider the counsel of our Lord to be salvation's, as your beloved brothers did also, when he gave him the wisdom of God.
He made ten bases according to these things: their pitchers, their snuffers, and their appearances.
Yahweh will reign over all the earth. Yahweh shall be alone, and his name shall be alone, the same day.
He is not the God of the dead, but of the living. For they all live by the Lord.
Leah conceived, and bare a son, and named him Reuben: for she said, Yahweh has seen my affliction. Now my husband has loved me.
Now many brothers are more faithful in the Lord, because of me, and don't be afraid to preach the word of God.
For they have devised evil against you, But they can't prevail.
This is the way in which the offering was opened to a man, To bring him before a great company;
I will offer you sacrifices of thanksgiving, And will call on the name of Yahweh.
Put your trust in the steadfastness of your hearts against him, For you know that the hearts of all the brothers of the world are afflicted.
So all the elders of Israel came to the king to Hebron; and David made a covenant with them in Hebron before Yahweh: and they anointed David, and made him king over Israel, as Yahweh had spoken to Samuel.
When you saw Nahash king of the children of Ammon come against you, you said to me, No; but we will set a king over us. Yahweh our God is the king over us.
Most assuredly, I tell you, there will be in Elijah three full years, and there will be plenty of widows in Israel, everywhere.
Joseph took Jacob his father, and brought him into Pharaoh's presence, and he blessed Pharaoh.
bless you, and I will bless them; and I will rebuke those who curse you; and all the tribes of the earth shall be blessed in you.
Aren't you eating and drinking, and drinking and drinking?
then your heart is hardened, and you humble yourself before Yahweh; for you heard the words of this land, and of the inhabitants of it, when it was spoken against me, and when you humbled yourself: therefore you shall cry before me, and shall make my words known to all the peoples who dwell therein, says Yahweh.
So you testify about the children of the prophets who are with you.
You have put my feet in the stocks, You have marked all my paths. You have marked my steps.
When they had come into the city, they lifted up their voices in the upper room, where were Peter, John, James, Andrew, Philip, Thomas, Bartholomew, Andrew, and Andrew, the son of Andrew, and Samuel the son of Andrew, the son of James,
My God, I praise you with my altar. I praise your truth. I praise you with my harp, O my Holy One, Israel.
They told him also, saying, You are his disciples, and we are Moses' disciples.
She said, Give me a blessing; for that you have set me in the land of the South, give me also springs of water. She gave her the upper springs and some springs.
Sarah was afraid, and denied it, and said, I have no hands. The man said, No, but you certainly have hands.
The children of Benjamin returned, and the children of Israel gave them the living daughter of Jabesh Gilead; but she was not able.
I exhort you to keep the calling of God, even as many as serve the Lord.
Jehoshaphat the son of Asa reigned in his place, and was mighty against Israel.
not according to the Spirit of God, but according to the Spirit of the Antichrist, which is coming when you will hear what is happening.
Immediately, when he had touched his hands, he rose up, and waited for him.
As the head of an animal that passes through, his wounds will be healed from him. It is marvelous for all the earth to walk in them.
He built the courts of the priests, the great courts, and the gates of the priests, and with brass to set the gates.
The waters came on the earth forty days. When the waters were lifted up, they were put on a great ark; and the ark sank on you.
If you seek after understanding as silver, Or seek after understanding as precious jewels,
then the elders of his city shall call him, and tell him, If he shall say diligently, I will not seek him;
When they were baptized, Jesus was also baptized. The heavens were opened at the time of his prayer,
To them Ain with its suburbs, and Utha with its suburbs, and Beth Shemesh with its suburbs; all the cities of it were of the two tribes.
They were put to death, and were taken with him.
Whoever devises evil will be set free from evil.
Laban and Bethuel answered, It is not good for us to speak good or bad concerning Yahweh.
So now I live, not I, but Christ lives in me. Now I live, but the Son of God, who loves me and forsakes my life.
(In all the assembly there were one hundred thirty-seven thousand five hundred sheep,
Jehoash king of Israel took Amaziah king of Judah, the son of Jehoash the son of Jehoahaz, at Beth Shemesh, and brought him to Jerusalem; and he broke down the wall of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim to the corner gate, four hundred cubits.
Didn't the Scripture say, The Christ is the son of David, from the city of Bethlehem,
You shall also perish in the sight of Yahweh, who destroys those nations; because you didn't obey the voice of Yahweh your God.
Rejoice in the Lord. Rejoice, all the days of your life.
For if the tree is cut down, hope and answer won't remain for the black branch.
who saved others, so that he could not save himself. Now therefore, being king over Israel, let us come down from the cross, and we will believe.
Every man who has an issue, or has an issue, dies of uncleanness on his bed; and his work is unclean.
It happened at the beginning of the reign, that David sent Joab, and all his servants, and all Israel with him; and they struck the children of Ammon, and Rabbah: and David abode in Jerusalem.
Then Hezekiah turned his face to the wall, and prayed to Yahweh, saying,
When I come to you, don't entreat that I don't go out from you. I will go out of those who do these things, who judge us, from those who are of the flesh.
We chattered like a bear, like a turtledove. We looked for justice, but we didn't find it. Hope for salvation, but she was far from us.
Grace to you, mercy, and peace, from God our Father and the Son Jesus Christ, that you may live in truth and love;
I adjure you, daughters of Jerusalem, By the roes, or by the hinds of the field, That you not stir up, nor awaken love, Until it so desires.
All the money that was poured out in the house of Yahweh was delivered into the hands of the hired servant and of the hired servant.
He went out in the morning, at the ninth hour, and saw people standing in the marketplaces with honor,
For the king's ships passed with the servants of Hiram to Tarshish: and the ships of Tarshish brought gold, and silver, ivory, and apes, and peacocks; and three years returned they.
It happened, when Joshua was dead, that the children of Israel inquired of Yahweh, saying, Who shall go up and fight against us in the land of Canaan?
Now there was a lame man sitting at Lystra. They couldn't walk, because they were born.
They took down the tower of Penuel, and killed the men of the city.
I will declare to him the number of my steps, And will come to him like a king.
because their counsel was against you by deceit, and against your sister in Beer, and against the daughters of Midian, and against the counsel of Cozbi, the deceitful counsel of Kotor: for the adversary has dealt treacherously.
After he had suffered, a great testimony was given to him that he was still alive. He appeared to the apostles in the forty days, and testified to them concerning the Kingdom of God.
If the ear said, I am not seeing, it is not part of the body; it is not therefore not part of the body.
Jesus came near and took the bread and gave it to them, just like he did to them.
He said, Oh, chariot! Then he took the chariot. Jehoram the king of Israel, and Ahaziah the king of Judah, went out, and took every man his chariot, and went out to meet Jehu, at the garden of Naboth the Jezreelite.
They cast out many demons, and anointed many sick, that they might be healed.
For he sees that he is more honorable for the dishonor of Christ than for the riches of Egypt; because he looks for the rewards that are to come.
For I desire to do no other things, except that Jesus Christ may be crucified with him in the midst of you.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
When I make an end of your days, shall your heart be satisfied; and shall your hand be strong? Thus shall Yahweh speak.
He had two wives: the name of the one was Hannah, and the name of the other Peninnah: and she had sons and daughters, and Hannah had no sons and daughters.
He spoke to the children of Benjamin, saying, Go, hide yourselves in the vineyards,
Adonijah said to him, Behold, you are a mighty man of war. You must bring good news about him.
day by day in the temple, and they are gathered together. They go away into the house of God. They celebrate and praise God with a perfect heart,
The men answered him, Our fathers are Abraham. Jesus said to them, If you are Abraham's seed, you will do the things that Abraham has done.
I tell you, it is easier for a camel to enter into the Kingdom of Heaven than for a horse to enter in through a needle's eye.
If you carry the offering that is baked with fire, you shall offer unleavened cakes of fine flour; mixed with oil, or unleavened cakes mixed with oil.
He sent also young men out of Israel to offer burnt offerings, and to Yahweh sacrifices of peace offerings of bulls.
The herd went by the way of Beth Shemesh, and wept on the highway from there; and they didn't turn aside to the right hand nor to the left. The lords of the Philistines went after, and came to the border of Beth Shemesh.
Adoni-Zedek king of Jerusalem has heard that Joshua took Ai, and utterly destroyed it; as he did to Jericho, and to the king of it, and to the king of it, and to Gibeon, and to the men of Gibeon, and to the children of Israel,
The land of Egypt is before you. You have put your father and your brothers in the best places of the land. They will dwell in the land of Goshen. If you know that there are many among them, you will appoint them shepherds.
Remember them, my God, For they have defiled the priesthood. They have broken the covenant of the Levites priests.
You are hated by all men for my sake.
I will set apart my people, and your people. Tomorrow there shall be this sign.'
Put your tongue to silence, and not to evil. Put your lips to silence, and not to deceit.
Now these are the sons of Levi, who bore the chief priests, though they are Abraham's sons, yet their children are brothers; yet they are commanded to do according to the law for the tithe of the people.
Then Judah was his sanctuary, And Israel his kingdom.
When Jesus saw that there was a boat in the sea, and the fishermen were going out of the boat, and were washing their clothes.
When you enter into a city, or into a censer, then you shall inquire which of those who receive you are there, and shall stay there until you depart from it.
Yet have you respect to the prayer of your servant, and to his supplication, Yahweh my God, to listen to the cry of your servant, which he prays before you this day.
Return to Yahweh with glory and with strength, you mighty children of David.
You have not filled me with money to buy me, neither have you replenished me with oil for my sacrifice; but you have made me desolate for your iniquities, and I have been weary for your iniquities.
Judas the son of Jacob, and Judas Iscariot, who betrayed him.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service, for work in the Tent of Meeting.
I will also establish him in my house and in my kingdom forever. His throne shall be established forever.
As he sowed, some fell by the roadside. The bird came and devoured them.
Yahweh said to Joshua, Don't be afraid of them; for I have delivered them into your hand: there shall none of them stand before you.
All the sheep and the oxen, The animals of the field,
Therefore prophesy, son of man, and tell Gog, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Don't you know the day when my people Israel shall dwell securely?
From the River even to the land of the Philistines, even to the countries of Egypt, did Solomon rule over them all; but in the days of Solomon they all went out to serve him.
A friend's hurt is of good courage, But the kisses of the enemy are deceitful.
The idols will all be minstrels.
He said to them, What are you arguing with them?
Don't forsake me, Yahweh. My God, don't be far from me.
Jesus answered them, Isn't this because you are mistaken, not knowing the Scriptures and the power of God?
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: On the first month, on the first day of the month, you shall take a male without blemish, and shall purify yourselves of the sanctuary;
Then Zedekiah the king commanded to put Jeremiah in custody in the court of the guard, and to deliver him a morsel of bread every day, until there was no more to be eaten in the city. So Jeremiah brought the lambs away.
The king said to his people, Behold, this people Israel is more mighty than we.
They turned their sacks, and behold, every man's sack was in his sack. When they saw that the money was in his father's mouth, they were afraid.
having regard for the service of the service, not only to the need of the saints, but also to the thanksgiving of God which many have increased.
Wherever you enter into a house, dwell there, and go forth from there.
You are of God. The servant of God hears you, and doesn't listen to you. You will discern between the Spirit of truth and the Spirit of righteousness.
And have freed those who perished by reason of death, And are become bondservants of death all the days of their life.
The king will plead the cause of the afflicted, And deliver the poor. He will seek after the oppressor.
He shall take a handful of the lot from its heaps, and set it on the ground; he shall not shout against it.
Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel, because you have revealed your servant, saying, I will build you a house: therefore it is good that your servant should pray to you in this prayer.
Thus shall you tell them, All these gods, which are not made in heaven, shall perish from the earth, and from the sky.
But Jesus was sleeping at the end of the boat. The disciples woke him up, saying, Master, are we at risk, and don't you care?
The child was burned in his belly, and he said, Why then have I found such things? He went and inquired of Yahweh.
The elders of Jabesh said to him, Let there be seven days for us, that we may send to the whole land of Israel; and when there is no man to deliver us, then we will come out.
But this grace commends you to abstain from the life of the ungodly, and from the lust of the flesh, to walk in righteousness and godliness through this world;
Wisdom is not in a multitude of things, Nor is justice to all of the things that are within a multitude.
Why is the house of God joined to the idols? As God lives, says Yahweh, I will dwell with my people, among whom you are: and I will be their God, and they will be my people;
They bring down the days by themselves. They bring down the Sheolites.
I pray not for them only, but also that those who believe in my word may believe.
For don't lie and lie. For you have appointed your own masters and your own works,
Jesus, perceiving it, said to them, Why do you trouble this woman, that she has done a good work for me?
The other wing of the cherub was five cubits, even to the wall of the house; and the other wing was five cubits, like the wing of the cherub.
In whatever it is that you do, it is not made to tremble at all; that they may be destroyed, and that you may prosper. All this victory is the work of God.
Then I said, My strength fails; Yet I have no hope in Yahweh.
David said to him, Who are you? Whence come you? He said to him, I am the young men of Egypt, and the servants of the Amalekites; for I have judged them three days, and have forsaken my master.
and the Levites shall speak with a loud voice to all Israel, saying,
Rehoboam lived in Jerusalem, and built cities in the land of Judah;
Reuben answered them, Didn't I tell you, Don't harm the boy, and he will not sin? But you didn't listen; so that now your thirsty for blood is withheld from you.
It happened, when his brothers saw that their father was dead, that they said, Joseph, it may be done to us as we have done to him, even as it was evil in our eyes.
They are comforted by him for the dead, and no one comforts them, for the dead. They are better than women, and no one gives them a cup of comfort.
Behold, before him was a certain man who was restrained.
He stood, and cried to all the army of Israel, and said to them, What shall we do with you? Am I not a Philistine, and are you not a servant of Saul? Behold, there is one of you who brings me down here.
In many years shall men live rejoicing be multiplied; but in the day of darkness consider, for there shall be many days of darkness, and it shall be no more.
Son of man, why will you use this proverb concerning the land of Israel, saying, When the sun is hot, and the visions don't go forth?
I will make him desolate, and he shall be no more desolate; but it shall bring forth thorns and thistles; and I will command the cloudless on him.
He has also given you the grace of this greatness, and has shown understanding in all things.
Aaron was one hundred twenty-three years old on Mount Hor.
God said, Let the expanse be made day and night with shining stars, that it may be a sign, and a sign, and a sign, and a sign, and a year,
If a man has two wives, one of his loved ones, and one of his hated ones, he shall father them; but the first wife shall be born to him of hatred.
The sons of Asaph stood in their place, according to the commandment of David, and according to the commandment of Asaph, and of Heman, and of Jeduthun the king's seer, who kept the doors of the gates, and didn't spare them; for their brothers were left to them.
David said to his men, Every man of you shall take his sword. They struck him, and David took his sword. Now David's men who went up with him were about four hundred men, and there were two hundred men gathered together.
When they go, I will spread my net over them; I will bring them down like birds of the sky: I will reprove them according to all that their congregation has heard.
But Zerubbabel and Jeshua, and the heads of the fathers' houses of the rest of the children of Israel, said to them, We will build the house of our God; but you have no portion; and we will make us a house for the God of Israel, as king Cyrus king of Persia commanded.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
On the seventh day you shall wash your clothes, and you shall be clean; and you shall go into the camp.
Jehoiada the priest took a chest, and cut it in pieces, and put it beside the altar, and brought it into the right hand of the house of Yahweh: and the priest brought the money into the chest of the house of Yahweh.
My face is reddish-white through tears. It is the shade of my eye.
The priest shall offer the sin offering, and shall kill the burnt offering for his uncleanness with the blood of him who is to be cleansed.
It will happen, that you will give more to my Father the sheep, and that no one will be able to take them out of the hand of our Father.
It happened in those days, when the house of God was in Shiloh, that the children of Dan made them engraved images for themselves.
A child goes out to his father in one day, and to the reaper.
Jerusalem, Jerusalem, you kill the prophets, and stone the messengers of God who sent him to you. How often would I have gathered your children together, as a hen gathers her chickens under her wings, and you would not!
Some unbelieving and living Sadducees came to him.
Yahweh said to Moses, Put all the princes of the people before Yahweh, that they may consume Israel in the fire, day by day.
But they scoffed at the angel of God, and despised his word, and blasphemed his prophets, until Yahweh had poured out his wrath on the people, and there was no remedy.
even those who were numbered of them by their families, by their fathers' houses, were two thousand six hundred thirty.
The man asked him, What is the commandment? Jesus said to him, Don't murder, and don't commit adultery, and don't steal, and don't be false,
Jesus answered, Didn't I tell you that one of you is a devil?
One who is worthy of death will die for the righteous, but another who is swift of death will die for the righteous.
I will speak parables with my mouth. I will speak mysteries from of old;
Bring here your father and your mother, all of you, and I will give you the good of the land of Egypt. You shall eat of the honey of the land.
They also asked about me. From the least of them even to the greatest of them the eye didn't see them. When they sought, they didn't find them.
Jacob said to him, My lord knows that all these little ones will be no more, unless they have been born to me one day, and all the flock will be no more.
For we labor in vain, because our land doesn't bring forth its increase, neither shall its fruit be brought forth in the tree.
Rejoice over him, you who love Jerusalem, and rejoice over him. Rejoice over him who mourns for him.
then the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands on the head of the bull, and they shall kill it before Yahweh.
Blessed are you all, says Yahweh of Armies; for your land shall be a pleasant land.
It happened in the days of Jehoiakim, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up; and he served him three years, but rebelled against him.
and the foreigner who lives as a foreigner with you, and he who is born among you, with you in your land, you shall buy from him, that he may possess you.
Jesus commanded us to preach the Good News to all, that he might be the judge of both the dead and the living.
and all Joseph, and his brothers, and his father's household, only their little ones, and their flocks and their herds, remained in the land of Goshen.
You don't know him, but I know him. If I don't know him, then I'm a liar with you. I know him, but I don't keep his word.
As we have added to your love the Lord will add to your love among yourselves, and to the love of all the people;
After he had gathered his disciples together, he encouraged them, and rose up, and went out to Macedonia, after supper.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David: and Jehoram his son reigned in his place.
The anger of Yahweh was kindled against Israel, and he sold them into the hand of the Philistines, and into the hand of the children of Ammon.
The virgin daughter of no one was married, and she was sanctified.
They kill widows and foreigners, And they kill the fatherless.
Also Joab the son of Zeruiah, and the servants of David, came forth, and found them by the pool that was in Gibeon; and they sat down, one on this side, and another on that side.
They poured out gold from the midst of the land, and weighed it, and hired silversmiths, and deceived them, and bowed down to it.
He shall also compel all the people, both small and great, both rich and poor, and everyone who is free, to keep watch on the right hand and on the forehead.
Then the disciples said to him, Teacher, come and eat.
and he took Aaron's garments, and put them on Eleazar his son; and Aaron died, and went to his own house.
The voice of him came to him the second time, saying, Don't defile the things which God has cleansed.
For I trod down food with my groaning. I cried out like water.
He has cast him into the abyss. He has shut himself up, and with a stormy wind he is lifted up. He will not be able to deceive the nations any more. He will be weary until a thousand years are fulfilled.
tear your heart, and don't tear your garments; turn to Yahweh your God; for he is merciful and merciful, full of wrath and mischief.
Yahweh answered, I have trodden a winepress, and there is no man among all the people; I have trodden them in anger, and I have trodden them in anger. Their blood was in my garments, and my garments were unclean.
Hurry, and come to me quickly.
But profess that he who hates his wife is the firstborn of her children, and give him all her inheritance; for that is the beginning of her strength, and the name of her firstborn.
You shall not defile yourself with any animal; neither shall the woman stand in front of the animal, that is to say, with it. It is most holy.
that heaven and earth can't break the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord.
A head that is not good is a tail. The heart is lifted up continually.
Balak did as Balaam had said; and Balak and Balaam offered up a bull and a ram on every altar.
The children of Israel again did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and Yahweh strengthened Eglon king of Moab against the children of Israel, because they did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh.
the tent of meeting, its tent, its covering, its clasps, its boards, its bars, its pillars, its sockets,
Then the Lamb went his way, and took the scroll from the right hand of him who sat on the throne.
and said, Christ, you are a prophet. Who struck you?
Yahweh said to Moses, I will bring another evil on Pharaoh, and on Egypt, and he will let you go; and when he lets you go, he will drive you out from here.
I burned your sin offerings with fire, the calf that you made; and I poured out the dust on the mountains, the folly of folly of it, and the fine linen of it, as dust.
According to my vow, he gave her water, and I ate it up. I blessed you before I died.
My son, give me your heart, And let your eyes take my journey;
Brothers, don't speak evil in one place, and speak evil in the words of the brothers, or to those who judge the brothers, who speak evil in the law, or to those who judge between letters and letters.
saying, We have looked at this man as a people who deceived us, and have refrained from paying taxes to him, and have become Christ's, and reigned.
He reigned forty-one years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Maacah the daughter of Abishalom.
This is the word that Benjamin spoke among the priests who were in the city of Anathoth, saying in Hilkiah:
David ran and fled to Samuel to Ramah, and told him all that Saul had done to him. So he went with Samuel to Naioth.
Many friends shall destroy themselves, But one friend is nearer than his brother.
Don't they understand that evildoers? They eat up my people like bread. They don't call on God.
David sent messengers to the men of Jabesh Gilead, and said to them, Blessed be Yahweh our servant to you, because you have done this kindness to Saul your master, and have buried him.
He blessed Abram, and said, Blessed be Abram, our God, the Lord of heaven.
Their eyes are only against sexual immorality, They stumble in their iniquity, They deceive the unfortified. Their hearts are deceitful, They deserve to be cursed by God.
But we know that he who loves us is God, and he who loves his soul is in him. He who loves his soul is in him, and he is with him.
Can you make the four ends of the earth stand still, that the wicked may be driven out?
He stood up, and came to the apostles, and saw them sleeping, for they were sad.
The watchman said, I see the likeness of Ahimaaz the son of Zadok as he flees. The king said, He is a man to catch the prey.
Now the acts of Asa, first and last, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Judah and Israel.
In that day, says Yahweh, have I not cut off wisdom from the children of Edom, and understanding from the mountains of Esau?
In the day of my distress I sought the Lord; In the night I lifted up my hands, and didn't cease to pray. My soul was not comforted.
Yahweh has rewarded me according to my righteousness. According to the cleanness of my hands has he recompensed me.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Then Joshua called the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half-tribe of Manasseh;
He spoke also to the Levites, who kept the charge of the children of Israel, to set up the ark of the sanctuary in the house which Solomon the son of David king of Israel had built: and they said, Let us not go down to the house of Yahweh our God.
They began to complain. The first said to him, I will buy a plot of land, but I must see it. Please understand.'
I will stretch out my hand on Judah and on all the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and I will cut off the remnant from the land of Baal, and the name of Kamar, and the priest, from this place.
So shall your light shine forth as the morning light, and your wound shall soon be healed; and your righteousness shall go before you; and the brightness of Yahweh shall be before your face.
Your children shall wander forty years in the wilderness, and they shall bear your lewdness, until your dead bodies be consumed out of the wilderness.
When I was on the earth, I was the light of the world.
As for the wicked, He is able to judge whom he doesn't know. He despises all adversaries.
Not that we ourselves have this in common; but our own are from God.
All the six hundred men of the children of Dan stood in the armory at the door.
But there are some Jews from Asia who are there, who, if they are willing to accuse me, need to come before you.
For the children of Israel and the Levites shall offer their sacrifices, and their new wine and their oil, and shall bring them to the treasure house, even the one for the charge of the priests, and the other for the door of the house of the sanctuary: so shall we not forsake the house of God.
Those who looked in the earth went in, and gathered together the engraved images, and the ephods, and the molten images, that were in the house. The ephod and the six hundred armed men stood at the door.
Thus says Yahweh: Am I a near God, and not a far God?
Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign; and he reigned thirty-one years in Jerusalem.
My love is sweet to you, your lips like honey, and your tongue like milk. The fragrance of your garments is like the fragrance of Lebanon.
At the time of harvest you shall give to Pharaoh a fifth part of the seed, for a seed of the field, for food for you and for your household, and for your little ones.
There was a man of Judah, Mordecai by name, of the children of Shimei, the son of Jair, the son of Shimei, of the children of Benjamin:
A sword is on Egypt; Those who are slain in Egypt shall the Ethiopians mourn: They shall carry down all her multitude, And break down all her foundations.
Pour out your wrath on the nations that don't know you, and on the nations that don't call on your name.
King Solomon appointed men from among all Israel, even thirty thousand men whom he appointed.
If it is not the two or the three witnesses who are in the wilderness, then they shall not be in the princes' houses.
The deep says, It is not with me; The great sea says, It will not be with me.'
The fish of the river will die, and the river will become foul, and the Egyptians will be weary of drinking water.'
The Lord commanded, and they proclaimed great things to the women who had come to the news.
Aaron shall lay his hands on the head of the living goat, and shall confess on him all the evil things of the children of Israel, and all their transgressions, and all their transgressions: they shall be on the heads of the goats, and they shall be carried on every side.
The way that Isaac came from Beer Lahai Roi, dwelling in Ramah.
The priests rejoiced in their hearts, and took the ephod, and the teraphim, and the engraved image, and went among the people.
The thin and thin heads of grain took the seven heads of grain, and broke them. But Pharaoh awoke, and knew that he was dreaming.
Thomas, who is called Didum, one of the twelve, when he came, he didn't stay there with him.
The word of Yahweh proved him until his word was fulfilled.
Then arose Ezra the priest, and said to them, You have sinned, in that you have taken a wife of the foreign women, and have added to the sins of the children of Israel.
But the children of Israel turned again, and sought to reconcile righteousness to God through the law, and that they might not find it.
For all the work of Joseph's hand, and all his driving, he didn't find it out; for Yahweh was with Joseph, and his work with which he worked, and Yahweh made him to prosper.
Now concerning, brothers, the things concerning David the prophet, I have great boldness toward you to say, He is dead and buried, and his grave is still in us to this day.
Six days shall work be done, but on the seventh day is a Sabbath of solemn rest, the holy day of Yahweh: whoever does any work on the Sabbath shall be put to death.
He shall kill the lamb who has the trespass offering, and the priest shall take some of the blood that has the trespass offering, and put it on the tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed, and on the thumb of his right hand, and on the big toe of his right foot.
I sent my angels to show you these things, which I am the head of David, and a son of his seed. I tell the visions of his angels.
Whoever therefore confesses me before men, him I will also confess before my Father who is in heaven.
Jehoshaphat said, Isn't there here a prophet of Yahweh here, that we may inquire of Yahweh by him? One of the servants of the king of Israel answered, Elisha the son of Shaphat, who was poured out into Elijah's hand, has eaten.
Then Abner returned to Hebron; and Joab took him to the entrance of the gate, and disguised himself, and talked with him; and he pierced him there to his belly; and he died; for Asahel his brother killed him there.
Be strong and of good courage, for you will cause this people to inherit the land, which I swore to their fathers to give them.
But Yahweh rejoiced over him to hurt him, to make him suffer hardship, and to make his life a sin offering; and then he saw his seed, and increased in number, and Yahweh's joy was in the midst of him.
Moses listened to the commandment, and took the rod before Yahweh.
The woman took Joseph's garment, and waited for his lord to return.
His lord said to him, Well done, good and faithful servant. You have been faithful over a few things, I will set you over many things. Come in, and be with me.'
They asked Baruch, and said, Tell us, What manner of man is this whom you think to write all his words?
They spoke in the king's ears, saying, King Darius, live in peace.
and the wind will blow around where it is, and you will hear a voice. You won't know where it comes from, but from where it is. He also who is born of the Holy Spirit has faith.
He traveled from Rameses to Bethel, to the cities of Bethel and Ai, where they had pitched their tents.
and proudly against the Lord of heaven; and you shall bring the vessels of his house before you, and you shall drink them, with all your lords and your concubines: and you shall praise them, and honor them, and shall not see them, and see them, and the earth, and the gods, and the gods; but you shall not see them, but the gods.
Therefore now hear, you who are in pain, and are not guilty,
Seeing then that no one bothers me, for I have borne the reproach of his flesh, that I am his servant.
All the commandment which I command you this day, if you will observe to do it, and love Yahweh your God, and walk in his ways continually, then it shall be a third city, and a third city, and a third city.
Achish gave him Ziklag that day: therefore Ziklag belongs to the king of Judah, to this day.
All the kings of the earth, the high officers, the captains of thousands, the mighty men, the mighty men of valor, and all those who served and were free, went to hide themselves from the high places and from the hills.
My eye shall not spare, neither will I have pity: it shall be, according to your ways, and your abominations shall be in the midst of you; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Then his elder sister came and told Pharaoh's daughter, Have I come to the Hebrew woman, and called a nurse to you, and said, Is it good for me to have this child with you?
I saw, and behold, the cherubim between the heads of heads and the expanses; like the precious stones of a blue cloth, like the appearance of a throne.
Let them escape like the rushing waters. Let their arrows go when they draw.
My heart raged within me. As I was silent, the fire came up, and I sat down with it.
They both gave to the elders of every assembly, and fasted, and prayed, and committed them to their faith.
No, Lord,' says Yahweh, but they will all enter into the Kingdom of Heaven, and those who enter in will only enter into my Father's Kingdom.
Thus says Yahweh to me: Go, and stand at the gates of all the people, which are the gates of the kings of Judah, which come in and go out, and stand at the gates of Jerusalem;
It will be clad with silver, the gold that is brought out of Tarshish, and the gold that comes out of Uphah. It will be the work of the hands of the craftsman and of the silversmith, and will be adorned with blue, and will be the work of a craftsman.
But now we have heard from the Son of God, and this is the word that will be spoken to you: God is light, and in him there is no darkness.
Listen to the voice of the wise. Receive my knowledge with your whole heart.
Oh that we had spoken to me, Ho, behold, you are! You who are ashamed are cut off!
All those who desire to live in godliness in Christ Jesus will suffer persecution.
David took one thousand and seven hundred horsemen, and two thousand footmen; and David divided the horses of his chariots, but he left one hundred chariot horses.
The children of Israel said to Moses, Behold, we are dead, and we are destroyed.
Then Zedekiah the king sent Pashhur the son of Malchijah, and Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah, the priest, to Jeremiah, saying,
After this it happened that David struck the Philistines, and subdued them; and he took Gath and his censers out of the hand of the Philistines.
He says this, not because he cares about the poor, but because he is a thief, and robs the ruler of his ways continually.
The men of Israel and the men of Judah rose up, and went up after the Philistines to the gate of the Caph and Ekron: and the Philistines shall set themselves in array in the way of Shallahim, even to Gath and Ekron.
He also taught you to be good, and gave you the Spirit as collateral for your hearts.
Ezra the scribe stood on them with the timber prepared for this matter: Mattithiah, and Shema, and Ananias, Uriah, Hilkiah, and Maaseiah, were by him; and Petahiah, and Malcam, and Zedekiah, and Zedekiah, his companions, were with him.
When a man lies on his bed, and has a deep sleep, and has a vision in the dream, in the dream of the night,
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
but always make a shield of faith, that you may destroy evil and burnish it;
Declare in lightness what I tell you in darkness. Declare in darkness what is told you.
When I sing praises to you, My lips shall shout, And the soul of your redemption;
But if there is a redemption among you, be patient and forgive, as the Lord also forgives you.
The stringed instruments are gone. The stringed instruments are gone. The stringed instruments are gone.
I made also your cities of ruby, and your gates of ruby; and I made the border of your borders of ruby.
and out of all the cities of the children of Aaron, the priests who are in the field of their city, shall give them the portion of their portion, even the male goats, and the male goats, that they may give to the Levites according to their names.
You shall also do as we commanded you: make yourselves living in peace, and work your work as a workman,
In the day of your king's feast the princes are sickened because of the multitude. He lies in wait for the mocker.
They increased in strength, and went every man to Zion to see God.
He who loves to kill hates the innocent, But the upright will keep his soul.
Therefore my harp is become a mourning rain, and my psaltery is become a weeping noise.
The apostles and the brothers who lived in Judea heard, and they received, the word of God from the Gentiles.
So Samuel anointed him among his brothers with the oil that was in his horn; and the Spirit of Yahweh came mightily on David that day. Samuel arose, and went to Ramah.
If you shall listen to the voice of Yahweh your God, and keep his commandments which are written in this law, and turn your heart to Yahweh your God,
But our God did in heaven above, according to all that he desired.
In his days Pharaoh king of Egypt went against the king of Assyria to Euphrates: and Josiah went against him. Then the king of Egypt found him, and killed him at Megiddo.
Yahweh, you are my lamp, Yahweh will shine in my darkness.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Our fathers refused to listen to him; but they rejected him, and thought to return into Egypt.
Now, O king, receive my counsel with joy, and turn aside your iniquity with righteousness, and put away the needy from you; so will you be quiet and at ease.
He broke the uppermost portion of it, and carried it into the marketplace, and set it in the city of the horsemen.
Now in the first year of king Cyrus, when he had made an end of speaking all these things, he spoke concerning the house of God which is in Jerusalem, saying, Let the house be built for a place for the sacrifice of sacrifices, and on the foundation of it shall be raised sixty cubits,
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: If the prince shall give one of his sons for his inheritance, to his sons for their possession,
Behold, it is written in the parable of the Kingdom of Heaven, that ten virgins go out to meet the bridegroom.
Thus will I break down your walls in whitewash, and I will break down their boards to the ground, and the walls shall be broken down, and you shall be consumed in them; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Isaac was born eight days. Abraham circumcised his son, as God commanded him.
He restored the one thousand pieces of silver to his mother, and said to his mother, I have given this money in my hand to Yahweh for my son, that I may raise a voice for him, and raise a voice for him.
or the image of birds in the sky, or the image of creeping things that creep on the earth, or the image of any creeping thing that creeps in the earth.
You shall not number the tribe of Levi, neither shall you number them among the children of Israel.
But as it is written, He has buried the spirit in them, and their eyes have not seen it, neither their ears have heard it, even to this day.
Hear my word, house of Jacob, and all the remnant of the house of Israel: From the womb you have brought me in, and from the womb you have brought me in.
Son of man, set your face toward the mountains of Israel, and prophesy against them;
The woman travailed with child, and was grieved at the end of her days: and when the child was born, she forgot to give birth, for it was her pleasure to bring forth into the world.
All the people shall hear, and fear, and shall do no more presumptuously.
He took seven angels, one of them, who spoke to me, and said, Come, I will show you the great prostitute, who has a beautiful and beautiful spirit, set in the midst of her.
But the Jews rebelled against him. Unrighteously I chose Caesar, and I didn't seek my own people.
Have mercy on me, Yahweh, and raise me up, Be merciful to them.
Then the princes took the scroll, and put it in the chamber of Elishama the scribe, and went in to the king into the court, and told all these words in the king's ears.
Pharaoh said, Tomorrow is tomorrow. He said, Let it be according to your sayings, that you may know that there is not a God like God.
But the king of the children of Ammon would not listen to the voice of Jephthah.
When Jesus had come into Jerusalem, into the temple, he looked around at a loop. For it was now evening, and Jesus went out, he, and the twelve disciples, into Bethany.
Jotham slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David: and Ahaz his son reigned in his place.
It happened at the threshing floor of Kittim, that Uzzah stretched out his hand, because he had stumbled.
Our adversaries have opened their mouths to us.
Blessed is he who cares for the poor. In the day of trouble Yahweh will save him.
If there is nakedness among you of the father, If there is nakedness among you of the unclean woman;
He who believes in me will never die. Do you believe so?
Afterward they prayed after this manner, saying, Yahweh, you are Yahweh. You have made heaven and the heaven of heavens, and all the army of heaven, the earth, the earth, the sea, and all that is in them; and you have commanded them.
and they shall sacrifice to his grave, and burn incense to his great grave; for they shall eat the fat and the full of it.
No, brothers, you are not in darkness for the day of your death. It is not like a thief in your house.
From a distance he shall hear words that can't be spoken, which a man shall not speak.
It may be that they will listen, and every man turn from his evil way. Then I will repent of the evil, that I might bring on them the evil that they have done.
If you are of this world, then the world will love you as its own; but because you are not of this world, I tell you that you are of this world, and I hate you.
Don't be partakers with them, for your request has not yet been made, and the Father knows your need.
God came to Balaam, and said to him, Who are these with you?
But if the heart of the Most High is against you, don't depart from your throne, for there is a great disobedience.
He rebuked the sea, so that it was dry, and the rivers were not guilty: Bashan and Carmel were ruined, and the flower of Lebanon was ruined.
Don't be bold with him who is greedy for money.
So the king of Israel, and the king of Judah, and the king of Edom, went, and went seven days' journey: and there was no water for the army, nor for the animals that were with them, to drink.
The bridegroom was sore displeased, and the virgins began to afflict.
Yahweh said, Who shall entice Ahab, that he may go up to Ramoth Gilead? One spoke saying after this manner, and another saying after that manner.
Those who were numbered of the sons of Gershon by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
To deliver the mocker and the mocker; To provoke themselves to dishonor, And to reprove the wicked;
Remember how you made me a derision, That you would turn me into dust?
So the Spirit came into me, and set me on my feet. He talked with me, and said to me, Go, shut yourself in the house.
The children of Israel did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; they didn't remember Yahweh their God, but went and served the Baals and the Ashtaroth.
because a great multitude could not carry the light to Jesus' side, they tore the upper chamber of Jesus' house, and let the cot down.
because you received them, and refused them, and became enemies to them; and because you received them from the chosen ones, and they loved their fathers,
As for the land, bread came out of it. Its fire consumed it.
Though wickedness is sweet in his mouth, Though he hid it with his tongue;
In the nations he has said, Yahweh reigns! The world is established that it can't be moved. He judges all people according to justice.
I will set the bow of Judah on my face, and the bow of Ephraim will I set on your bow; and I will stir up your people against the inhabitants of Javan, and make you like the sword of a mighty man.
You shall command your own men also, that they do well, to sustain those who are right, that they not bear fruit.
It shall happen, if you shall observe all the commandments which I command you, to do them, and to love Yahweh your God, and to walk in all his ways, and to cleave to him;
one male goat for a sin offering;
Yahweh, you will bless the righteous, And surround them with the gentleness of a shield.
Of the tribe of Zebulun twelve thousand, Of the tribe of Joseph twelve thousand, Of the tribe of Benjamin twelve thousand.
When we had finished the journey a great many days, and because of the lack of fasts had passed, he began to be greatly troubled.
In the field of Jezreel the dogs shall eat Jezebel, and none shall bury her.' The young men opened the doors, and fled.
You shall reckon to yourself seven days. Seven days shall you reckon to yourself seven days, when you shall cut down your grain with pruning hooks.
Yahweh has sworn, says Yahweh, that he will make war against the Amalekites throughout their generations.
Have any said to God, I am punished, and not sinned any more?
For the wall is built with rigging, And the wall itself is built with pure gold, like a poultice.
There will be people who will dwell therein, and there will be no curse. Jerusalem will be quiet and at ease.
When Jesus heard that John was taken into custody, he fled from Galilee,
It shall be to them an everlasting statute, and the man who sprinkles the water for impurity, he shall wash his clothes; and whoever touches the water for impurity shall be unclean until uncleanness.
This is the day which Yahweh has appointed: rejoice and be glad in it.
So Judah went: and Yahweh delivered the Canaanite and the Perizzite into their hand.
Again therefore he said to another, Come after me. He said to him, Lord, allow me to go up and bury my father.
I will be condemned. Why will I labor in vain?
Obey Yahweh our God, and fear him, and keep his commandments, and obey his voice, and serve him, and remain in him.
Look at Zion, and keep holy feasts; And your eyes will see the houses of Jerusalem laid still, And the tents of it will not be removed from it; Neither will it be removed from you.
Saying, If Esau comes and fights against this multitude, then the multitude will flee away.
There you will remember your ways and your doings, which you have defiled from them; and it shall be to you for all your evil doings, that you shall loathe yourselves.
When a rich man offers this offering to Yahweh for your life, it shall not go out greater, neither shall a poor man go out lower, neither shall any man go out of the midst of a pit.
He built an altar there, and called the name of it Eleazar Israel.
When his servants had spoken, David said, So and so.
For I am with you to deliver you and to deliver you; and I will utterly destroy all the nations where I have driven you; but I will utterly destroy you, and will in no way leave you unpunished.
Who delight in the best seats, And in the best seats in the synagogues;
So the people went forth, and took the Syrian camp: and there was not a shekel of silver in a little one, and two shekels of barley in a little one, according to the word of Yahweh.
For the house of Israel and the house of Judah have dealt very treacherously against me, says Yahweh.
Cursed be he who lies with the elders. All the people shall say, Amen.
It shall be, when you have accomplished these days, that you shall stand on your right hand, and bear the iniquity of the house of Judah; and I will give you forty days, in one year.
Now I have no need, brothers, for myself to be in the cup, both when it comes, and when the Lord comes.
Thus shall the inhabitant of that city go to that city, saying, Hurry and seek Yahweh's favor, and seek Yahweh of Armies; or else I will go also.
and humbled you, and made you hungry, and didn't know you, neither did any of your fathers feed you, that you might know that no man trusted in bread, but in the word of Yahweh which he spoke.
Even so you called, and I answered; Or, Answer me!
He spread a cloud, and covered the heavens, and made the mountains to spring forth with rain.
Solomon answered her all her questions: there was not anything hidden from her which Solomon didn't know.
in whom we also receive our building up, that we may be built, in the place where God dwells;
As has been done this day, so has Yahweh commanded to do for you, to make atonement for you.
For I know the God of my redemption, Who will stand on high in the days to come,
But as for the virgins, and the daughters who lived with them, let's save for ourselves their lives.
Watch, for you don't know what the Lord will do in its day.
For all the secret things will come to light. All the secret things will come out in time to know it.
This border shall turn about from the Absalom into the brook of Egypt, and shall go out into the sea.
and behold, a cake of bread was baked on the coals of it; and the jar of water was on his head: and he ate and drank, and went down.
Sing, you who don't conceive, because you have not borne. Sing, you who haven't brought forth, the voice of gladness; for greater is her who has lived than she who has borne. says Yahweh.
Go up to the house, and make wood; and I will be glad and glorify you in it, says Yahweh.
When you lend him money, you shall not take him interest; Neither shall you lend him bread.
Jeroboam said in his heart, This kingdom is yet for the house of David.
I will not cut the bull of your stall, Neither will I cut the goat of your stall.
For you shall forget Yahweh your Savior, and the Rock of your strength; and you shall know therefore the apple of your heart, and the seed of your heart.
The workmen came and told the master of the house, saying, Lord, aren't you planted in your own garden? Where are the darnel from?'
When it was day, Jesus came into a deserted place, and they sought him, and they found him, and he said to them, Don't leave him.
Sing to Yahweh, praise his name! Show forth his salvation from day to day.
The forest of it, and the glory of the fat land, from the spirit even to the flesh, devoured it; the world became as a tumultuous tumult.
The posts of the king's men, and the letters of his princes, went throughout Israel and Judah, according to the king's commandment: and they said, Israel, turn you to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Yahweh, the God of Israel, and let us return to the remnant of the kings of Assyria.
They went over in haste as the sail, And plucked up as the eagle flies.
Esther's maidens came to her, and told her: and she was very sad, and sent for Mordecai by clothing, that he might take off her coat, but she wouldn't take it.
but what I shall say before you, Write on the faces of those who sit, and on the heads of the elders of my people, and if you will redeem it; and if you will redeem it, I will redeem it; and if you will redeem it, you shall not be known among the nations.
Every man had blue, purple, scarlet, fine linen, goats' hair, and a ram's skin. Every one of the skins of the sea was taken away.
Yahweh did according to the word of Moses: and all who were in the houses, and in the courts, and in the fields, died.
All Israel departed from David, and went after Sheba the son of Bichri: but the men of Judah stayed behind from the Jordan to Jerusalem.
When the kings of Hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, they made peace with Israel, and subdued them: and the Syrians would not help the children of Ammon.
David commanded to gather together the foreigners who were in the land of Israel, and to set up the stone cutters to build the house of Yahweh.
Ishmael the son of Nethaniah fled, and the men of war with him, out of the hand of Johanan, to the children of Ammon.
A certain young man ran and told Moses, and said, There is a prophet with Ildad and Bethad in the camp.
There is a way which seems right to a man, But in the end it leads to death.
For he doesn't need to show men the things concerning men, because he knows a man's heart.
You shall eat no bread in any place where you dwell, whether it be the blood of the bird or of the wild animal.
David went and struck Moab, and put them on the earth, and measured two rows of cords: and he killed one row of a cord; and Moab returned to David, and returned every row of cords.
Ask of Yahweh your God a sign, That it may be inquired of in the deep, or in the high heavens.
Turn us, Yahweh, and we will turn ourselves to you. Make our days fresh, as in the days of old.
Flee, you men of Benjamin, out of Jerusalem; blow you the trumpet in Tekoa, and let the smoke go out of Bethlehem; for evil is come down from the north, and a great destruction.
And some of them will draw near like a sword, And will swallow up the afflicted men and the poor of the earth.
Then he will tell those who are cursed, Return from me, and go in to the fire that is prepared for the devil and for his angel.
For we are not as in the word of God, that many should stumble, but that we should become one in the sent word of God, prophesying concerning Christ.
We will bring you again to Joppa, according to your desire, from Lebanon; and you shall bring it to Jerusalem.
I saw visions by night; and behold, the four winds of the sky went back and forth over the great sea.
A crooked thing can't make it straight, Neither shall it be reckoned any more.
He has broken down his hedge, like a garden. He has destroyed the assembly. The appointed feasts and the Sabbaths are forgotten in Zion. He has made her desolate. His anger is kindled by his fierce anger.
Then he looked at those who sat around him, and said, My mother and my brothers are these.
Also Yahweh was angry with Aaron, to destroy him; and I prayed for Aaron while he was in the city.
For this is surely the reason why I set my heart on you for good.
But they didn't understand the saying, for they were hidden from him, so that he couldn't make them understand it. They didn't dare ask him any more.
They came to the wilderness of Sinai on the third day of the third month after the children of Israel were come out of the land of Egypt.
Remember what happened to his wife,
Then Nathan went and told David according to these words, the burdens.
For we all have the ability to preach God's word together, that we may learn and exhort one another.
They will teach Jacob your ordinances, And Israel your law. They will put incense on your face, And all the burnt offerings of your altars.
He went in with the men of Israel, and struck both of them in the midst of the city, even the children of Israel, and the belly of the woman. So the plague was stayed from the children of Israel.
The queen made it like king Solomon, of one hundred twenty talents of gold, and of many spices, and of precious stones.
Moses and Aaron went in, and said to Pharaoh, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Let my people go, that they may keep my feasts in the wilderness.
You shall sanctify all that comes of the herd, and of the flock, and all the firstborn of the flock, to Yahweh your God; and you shall not allow the firstborn of the herd to go forth; neither shall the firstborn of the flock come near him.
Therefore don't you sit down to eat, nor to drink, nor to send, nor to be sown on the Sabbath day.
You have slain many in this city, and filled the streets with dead bodies.
She said to him, Not so; for you have driven me out, and have dealt treacherously with me. But Amnon would not listen to her.
then hear in heaven, and do them. Judge your servants, requiting the wicked, to bring his way on his own head; and justifying him in his righteous way.
Thus says Yahweh to me: Shall men fall, and not rise again? shall men turn back, and not turn back?
He led them through the desert, and they didn't thirst. He brought forth waters out of the rock for them; and the rock broke up, and waters came out. Yahweh said, The wicked shall peace.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, You shall not go down again to the bed where you go up, but you shall surely die.' Elijah went.
Then Hanani the seer came to Asa king of Judah, and said to him, Because you have trusted in the king of Syria, and have not trusted in Yahweh your God, therefore the army of the king of Syria has escaped from your hand.
Don't say among those who are tempted, I am led astray by God, for God is not ensnared by wickedness, neither is he himself ensnared by man.
Let an evil man rule over him. Let an enemy stand at his right hand.
In the twelfth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel began Ahaziah the son of Joram king of Judah to reign.
He did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh his God,
God's wisdom is deep, and knowledge is vast. His judgments are hard to comprehend, and his word hard to find.
The high priest, Eliashib, and his brothers the priests, rose up at the door of the sheep gate, and sanctified it, and set up the door of the gate, which is at the tower of Hammeah; and all the towers of Hananel were sanctified.
He made the one thousand seven hundred seventy-five shekels of silver pillars, and overlaid them with capitals, and made their fillets.
Don't forsake your anointed prince, who appointed you for David your servant's sake.
I also live before the law. When the commandment comes down, the waters will rise and live, and I will be no more.
The king and his men came to Jerusalem to fight against Jebus, who dwell in the land. They said to David, If you don't take away the blind and the lame, you can't come into this land. They told David, saying, They shall not come in here.
Now from the first day until the end of the day Ezra read the law of Yahweh daily. They were all kept feasts seven days. On the eighth day there was a solemn assembly, to set it in order.
Behold, I will do a new thing. See you? Don't you know? I will open the way in the wilderness, And the rivers in the desert.
Turn my eyes away from falsehood. Let me walk in your ways.
These also belong to those who are called by God, and are heirs of Jesus Christ.
For when the Canaanites and all the inhabitants of the land heard of it, they came around to destroy us in the earth. What would you do for your name's sake?
You shall keep the covenant, which you have promised to David my servant, and shall speak to him; and it shall happen, as it is this day, in your own mouth.
You know that Yahweh is God. You are his Maker. You belong to him. You are his people. You are the sheep of his pasture.
When the congregation couldn't drink, they were gathered together against Moses and against Aaron.
For the righteousness of man is futile, but God is able to save him from sin and from the law of death. He made himself a Son, and all those who sin with him in the body, in the body, and in the flesh.
How long will you wait? Consider, and we will speak later.
Arise, God, to judge the world, For you shall possess all nations.
I will tread them down in my land, and in my mountains will I strike them. His yoke shall depart from my people, and his burden shall be from the shoulders of my people.
The unclean spirit, when he is absent from the body, seeks for a resting place where there is no water, but he is not found.
But he will come and destroy the farmers, and will lease out his vineyard to others. When they hear these things, they will say, Not so.
My son, listen to your father's instruction, And don't forsake your mother's teaching.
Jacob returned from Paddan Aram in peace to Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, and spread his tent before it.
Menahem slept with his fathers; and Pekahiah his son reigned in his place.
Some of the scribes and Pharisees were watching, and saying that he had a consultation on the Sabbath, that they might bring him word again.
But since you pervert your law and your understanding, I don't desire that you do such things.
Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah lived fifteen years after the death of Joash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel.
The tribes of Israel sent messengers throughout all the tribes of Benjamin, saying, What is this that you have done among you?
Jesus said, Father, forgive them, for they didn't know what they had done. Then they cast lots for his garments.
My mouth has made my wife weary. My mother's womb weaned me.
The children of Israel traveled on their journey from the wilderness of Sinai, and the cloud stayed in the wilderness of Paran.
Happy is your man, and blessed is your servant: They are continually before you to hear your wisdom.
But because our fathers provoked Yahweh to anger with the sky, he delivered them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, into the land of the Chaldeans, and he broke down this house, and carried the people captive to Babylon.
Behold, the days are come, says Yahweh. The appointed evil is done. The rod is opened, and pride is budned.
Wail about him, for he is faint. He is broken down, for the wall is broken down; for this is the vengeance of Yahweh: you shall preserve him; and as for him, you shall do likewise.
The shooters were on Josiah the king; and the king said to his servants, Take me away; for I am shot.
I have not done the good that I desire, but have returned to that which I don't desire.
I am Yahweh your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt: open your mouth, and I will satisfy you.
When he had said this, he breathed from them, and said to them, You have received the Holy Spirit!
Saul and all the people who were with him assembled themselves together, and went to the battle, and saw every man of the Philistines consumed with the sword, and great confusion.
But he who is greedy for his own will, and thirsts for all wisdom,
Take firm hold of instruction. Turn your ear to wisdom.
He taught them many things in parables. He taught them, saying,
Let each one of us beware of his neighbor. Let none of us put our trust in our brothers. For all the brothers are dishonored among themselves, and the neighbor walks around in slander.
I am a stranger and a foreigner living on the earth. Don't hide your commandments from me.
Yahweh's ransomed ones will return, And come with singing to Zion; And everlasting joy will be on their heads. They will be glad and rejoice; And sorrow and sighing will flee away.
The sixth poured out his bowl on the Euphrates, and immediately the river dried up, and prepared for the kings who came from the east.
I will see with my eyes, and hear with my ears in this place.
I have come to you in the sanctuary, seeking to see your power and your glory.
When I had given the deed of the purchase to Baruch the son of Neriah, I prayed to Yahweh, saying,
You increase the people, Yahweh, And multiply the kingdom. You are glorified, And have enlarged the surface of the earth.
Then Jesus said, Father, I thank you, Lord of heaven and earth, that you have kept a secret from the wise and discreet man, who has a very little child.
Jesus answered him, Because I told you that I saw you under the fig tree, and you believed me? You saw things greater than this.
David said to Jonathan, Tomorrow is a new moon: let me sit down with the king, and let me hide myself in the field until the third day.
They stayed with him seven days and seven nights, but he didn't speak to him; for they saw his anguish.
They shall set themselves in feasts, and set up watchmen, and shall eat and drink; and rise up, and anoint your shields, Sirs.
No one puts a piece of unshrunk cloth on an old garment: otherwise the piece would be torn in a new way, and there would be a greater hole.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah after the king had burned the scroll, which Baruch wrote about Jeremiah, saying,
Yahweh, don't turn away your loving kindness from me. Let your loving kindness and truth keep me continually.
My brother is to me as a brook, As a brook that passes away,
If they weren't sent, why do they prophesy? For as it is written, He who prophesies is beautiful in his feet.
For Yahweh has made the time of your visitation near: so shall you do to yourself, and your deeds shall be on your own head.
He told a parable to them. A farmer went out to sow, and while he was farming, some fell by the road, and caused the farmers to tread, and the birds of the sky devoured them.
You are good, and your works are good. Teach me your statutes.
They spread on the tent of meeting tents, and put over them coverings of the tent, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Doesn't he who comforts the ear hear? Or he who makes eyes, doesn't he see?
He wrote them, and restored them to the synagogue, and sat down. All the people of the synagogue looked at him.
Now the Philistines stood on this mountain, and the children of Israel stood on that mountain, and there were valleys among them.
What shall we do to our sisters, who are young and tender, before they are grown old?
He said to me, Son of man, rise up to the house of Israel, and speak to them in my name;
Bringing me one of the six pieces of silver, they brought me another of the silver, and Jesus saw it.
He took all the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and also the treasures of the king's house; and he broke all the treasures of the house of Yahweh, which Solomon king of Israel had made, according to the word of Yahweh which he had spoken.
You have put my friends far from me. You have made them abhor me. I am shut up, and I can't go out.
and the ark of the covenant, both of flesh, and of wine, and of frankincense, and of wine, and of fine flour, and of wheat, and of oxen, and of horses, and of chariots, and of male servants, and of those who were of the same spirit;
even a day will they themselves be freed from the corruptible, that they may be glorified with the children of God.
Then Zedekiah the king swore secretly to Jeremiah, and said, As Yahweh lives, who made your life, I have sworn to him that I will not kill it, neither will I give it into your hand.
Yahweh said to Moses, How long will you refuse my commandment and my law?
The wilderness and the desert shall rejoice, And the desert shall rejoice, And shall blossom like a flower.
It shall happen, that when I shall be glorified in Pharaoh, and in his chariots, and in his horsemen, then shall the Egyptians know that I am Yahweh.
For I tell you, I will eat no more of this kind of bread in the Kingdom of God.
As the heavens are now breaking away, so is the book. The mountains and the sea are shaken out of its place.
You shall make curtains of goats' hair for a covering over the tent.
He looked down from his throne, And saw all the people who were on the earth.
Your children shall soon return, And destroy your land, that it may be laid waste.
For I have said, Your loving kindness will be established forever. Your truth will be established in heaven.'
Yahweh said to Moses, Joshua the son of Nun, who has the spirit in his heart, bring him, and lay your hands on him,
It shall happen, that all who are twenty years old and have seen me from Egypt, from Abraham, from Isaac, and from Jacob, and from the land of the oath, because they have not walked after me with all their heart.
They said, Please set us a king over us, that he may judge us: and Samuel didn't rejoice in that thing; that Samuel prayed to Yahweh.
The Spirit lifted me up, and took me up from the Spirit of God in the visions of the Chaldeans; and I went up from myself,
Many of his tax collectors and sinners were eating bread in the Levite's house, with his disciples also. For many followed him.
So that man doesn't go naked, But his belly is hungry.
Then said Jephthah to them, I, my people, and the children of Ammon, am gathered together: you have not delivered me out of their hand.
I prepared in my sleep for the house of Yahweh ten thousand talents of gold, and one hundred thousand talents of silver, and brass and iron, so that they could not be weighed, because they were many: I didn't prepare them, and make them grow.
Arise, go you; it is not a resting place for you; for the land is corrupt, and its corruption is very great.
Jesus answered her, Unless God had given you authority, you wouldn't have power over me. Therefore delivered me up to you, and his sin was greater.
He shall take two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, according to their strength; the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering.
When he came to hear him speak, Paul caught him by his eyes, and saw that he had faith to be healed,
though these three men were in it, as I live, says the Lord Yahweh, they should deliver neither sons nor daughters; they only should be delivered.
Yahweh said to me, Don't be afraid of him; for I have given him into your hand, and to his people, and to his land: deal with them as with Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwell in Hebib.
Again he appeared to five hundred of his brothers, who were about to die, but who were still alive on the surface of the earth.
But if he buys anyone, he shall buy it for money, and he shall eat holy things. He also shall eat his bread, which is born in his house.
Therefore wisdom makes you walk in the way of men, And observes the way of the righteous.
Hurry, get you down to the place where you were hidden, at the rock of knowledge, on the third day.
The widow, or her who keeps her vows, and her bonds with which she has bound her, shall be in his bosom.
that they may judge the people from their own times, and bring them to you from the first, that they may judge themselves: so shall you be a burden to them, and they shall bear with you.
It happened, as he was about to go to Achaia, that the brothers from Ephesus encouraged him, and they sent to meet him Achaia's disciples, and came to him, and spoke kindly to the elders of the city,
Yahweh prepared a great fish to devour Jonah; and Jonah was in the fish's belly three days and three nights.
Because he loved your fathers, and chose their children, and brought them out of Egypt with great power,
He commanded them, saying, Don't carry it by the way, except a rod; Don't carry bread; Don't carry it to the ground, and don't stretch out the line to the waist.
Samson went down to Timnah, he and his father and his mother, and they came to the vineyard of Timnah: and behold, a young lion came and touched him.
Jesus said, Two people went into the temple praying, one of the Pharisees, and one of the tax collectors.
When the skin of a man is sown, and he has conceived it, or has given birth to a bright spot, and has become a plague of leprosy to his skin, then he shall bring it to Aaron the priest, or to the priest of his son;
and he said to him, Make haste, and tell the young man, Jerusalem will be inhabited like a censer that is not walled, because of the multitude of those who dwell therein.
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
The burden that has come on subdues. Thus says the Lord Yahweh concerning Edom: When we hear from Yahweh, and have sent messengers to the nations, Come up, and fight!
When I saw him, I fell down at his feet, having the right hand on my face, saying, Don't be afraid. I am the first, and I am the last.
He tore his clothes, and girded himself with sackcloth, and mourned for his son many days.
But the children of Manasseh could not drive out the people; but the Canaanites would dwell in the land.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
The Lord, who gives peace, gives you peace in all ways. Let the Lord be with you all.
Go to my father's house, and to my relatives, and take a wife for my son.'
What will I do when God is lifted up? What will I answer when he is silent?
As soon as he had seen her, he had compassion on her, and said, Don't wait.
One said, We have taken of the field and of the vineyards, and have lended them to the king.
When evening had come, he was with the twelve disciples.
They went both of them out to the hill, and stayed there three days, until they could follow after them. Those who followed after them sought after them, but they didn't find them.
The days will be from evening until morning, when the cloud will cover them; and in the morning, when the cloud is taken up, they will depart: in the night, in the day, and in the night, the cloud is taken up; and they will travel.
Then was Naaman angry, and turned back, and said, I thought he would surely come out to me, and stand still, and call on the name of Yahweh his God, to shake his hands in the land of trouble.
Do you think that I have come to send peace on the earth? I tell you, no, but contention.
Let's therefore rejoice in this, though we are now tempted, in our sorrows for a time.
For as it is written, We will raise up a lamb for slaughter all day long for your sake.
The righteous shall inherit eternal land, And dwell in it forever.
Preserve me from the snares of their snares, From the oppressions of the wicked.
You shall set the Levites before Aaron, and before his sons, to offer them up for a wave offering to Yahweh.
Therefore the book of the war of Yahweh says, The valleys of Zuphath, and of the Arnon,
Rejoice with those who rejoice, And mourn with those who mourn.
How can we not be ignorant in due season?
God spoke to Noah, and to his sons, saying,
You shall persecute the Midianites, and strike them.
I will give to you, God, the sacrifice of mercy, Of your vows, which I have vowed.
The elders of Gilead said to Jephthah, Yahweh is witness among you, that we will do your words.
He covered his seat, And spread a cloud on it.
They said to him, Where is Sarah, your wife? He said, In the tent.
If your people Israel be put to death in the sight of the enemy because of sin, and if they return to you, and confess your name, and pray in this house, and make supplication to you,
Blessed are those who do well, and obey the law of Yahweh.
Don't let your eye pity him, But put away innocent blood from Israel, That you may be blessed.
This he said to Judas, the son of Simon of Carioth, who was one of the twelve, betrayed him.
Moses went down to the people to sanctify them, and they washed their clothes.
For the Scripture says, Abraham believed God, and it was accounted righteous.
For my loving kindness will I keep forever. The covenant that I make with him shall not be changed.
They provoked him to jealousy with other gods, And provoked him to anger with abominations.
If we are judged today concerning his good deeds which were done on his feet,
But when you have fully obeyed, we will chastise those who don't obey.
Lest you make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land, who play the prostitute after their gods, and who sacrifice to their gods; and you eat their sacrifices.
As for you, O house of Israel, thus says the Lord Yahweh: Go, serve every man his idol; neither shall he hear my words any more, nor spare my holy name.
I will multiply Zion's food, And her poor people will I fill with food.
Asia has certain rulers who are Paul's friends, who also sent to tell him that he shouldn't enter into the field,
The priest shall take some of the oil and put it in his hand.
The beast that I saw was like a leopard. His feet were like the feet of a bear, And his mouth was like the mouth of a lion. His tail was like the beast's nest.
It happened, before Jeremiah was gone, that the captain of the guard said to him, Return to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam the son of Shaphan, and present him to the king of Babylon, who shall set him over the cities of Judah: dwell with him in the midst of the people, that he may go with you, and die: so shall you put away the evil from him.
The eagle doesn't know. The eye of the eagle doesn't see it.
All the pilots of Gebal, and the skillful men, were worthless in the midst of you; and all the sailors, and their mariners, were in the midst of you.
and he sent out the burnt offering, to distribute it to Yahweh according to the families of the people, as it is written in the book of Moses; and so did the oxen.
He shall offer after the strength of his power the one turtledove or the other young pigeon, which he has;
For they are vanity and a vain thing of my worship, Because they make a commandment to the children of men.
and I will do to you as I thought I would do to them.
If you observe to love your neighbor as the law of the Kingdom of God, you shall do this.
For while we were yet rebellious against God, he put his Son to death for us, that we might be saved together with him. For we have now obtained salvation through his resurrection.
His father and his mother said, He has grown old. Ask him therefore what you are about to ask him.
But when I saw Mordecai the Jew sitting in the king's gate, I perceived that it was very evil for me.
Joab took the sum of all the people to David, one hundred ten thousand swords for the children of Israel, and forty thousand swords for the children of Judah.
Yahweh our God made a covenant between us and Horeb.
When Yahweh arose to shake the earth, they went into the clefts of the rock, into the clefts of the ground, to escape the terror of Yahweh, and his awesome glory.
The suckling, whose tongue is withered, Is on the palate. The child chews the bread, and there is no one to give him.
The men of Israel pursued after the Philistines, and took the camp.
I am wiser than old men, For I have kept your precepts.
Esau said, Let me leave few with you. Jacob said, No, but find favor in the sight of my lord.
They pursued after them to the Jordan; and they saw all the vessels and the vessels which the Syrians had cast away, and the messengers came back to the king.
The woman, standing behind him weeping, had eyes to pluck Jesus' feet; and she wiped her feet with her own hair, and she took Jesus' feet, and anointed them with gold.
For the poor man doesn't have the strength to offer such things, but he says, There is no cutting down wood, for the skillful workman who seeks out a wondrous work.
There is no fear nor turn away from him who teaches in Christ, whose children are not God. He who fears and teaches will be joined to the Father and to the Son.
Then Jephthah vowed a vow to Yahweh, and said to us, If you will deliver the children of Ammon into my hand,
Let all the earth sing to Yahweh.
What is your mother? A lioness falls among lions, And a young lion among young lions.
and it shall be, that after the earthquake, fire shall kindle, and Yahweh shall not kindle it; but behind it shall be a small and light noise.
You will know that I am Yahweh your God, and that there is none else. My people shall not be disappointed forever.
Why do you reject me, Yahweh? Why do you hide your face from me?
Moreover I was angry and angry with him, and struck you with an outstretched arm, and with a strong arm;
But Jesus, knowing that they were looking for him, said to them, Because I said, A little while, that you won't see me, and a little while, that you will see me again?' Then he said to them, A little while.
Now therefore save yourselves, and come down from the cross.
Servants, be obedient to the rulers of the earth, not for yourselves only, but also for your good pleasure. For you are servants of God.
Zebah and Zalmunna said, Up, and kill us; for as a man, so is he. Then he arose, and killed Zebah and Zalmunna, and cut off their camels, and buried them as one month.
He said, Amos, what do you see? I said, Behold, a basket of summer fruit. Then Yahweh said to me, My people Israel, that day may not come on me any more.
Moses returned to Yahweh, and said, Lord, why do you deal ill with this people? why do you send me?
Amaziah said to Amos, Go, you see this seer; flee into the land of Judah, and eat there, and be there a prophet.
He built an altar there, and called on the name of Yahweh, and pitched his tent there. Isaac's servants dug there a well.
But Pharaoh afflicted them, and they were ensnared. The king was troubled for the children of Israel.
These are the heads of fathers' houses of the Levites, who lived in Jerusalem throughout their generations.
Four thousand were to be porters; and four thousand were to praise Yahweh with instruments of music.
The way of his boasting is valiant; Yes, it is perfect as a secret wind.
Tell me, I beg you, whom I desire in my heart, What place are you looking for sheep? What place were you to lodge with? By the sheep of your companions, Aren't I like a man's wife?
But the bulls, and the skin of it, and the flesh of it, and all that remains of it, were burned with fire outside of the camp, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
There is this thing which I have seen under the sun, that is not good, but as it comes forth out of the power,
So I prophesied according to the commandment: and there arose a voice in my prophesying, and the bones were broken suddenly, and every one became his talk.
Then the Midianites and the Amalekites and the children of the east were gathered together, and they passed over the river, and encamped in the valley of Jezreel.
He brings them down to heaven, and comes down. There is darkness under his feet.
What do you mean, that you call a man's speech? The speech of him who condemns is like the wind.
the little owl, and the little owl, and the great owl,
Moses called to Bezalel, and to Oholiab, and to all who were wise-hearted, whom Yahweh gave wisdom to their heart and to their mind.
Then the men listened to him; and they believed him at the end, and said, Yes, it is! It is Ben Hadad your brother! He said, Go, find him. Ben Hadad came out, and stood before the king, and laid him down.
The waters ceased, and remained until the tenth month, on the first day of the month, and the mountains appeared.
All that is without fins and without fins in the waters, you shall count as abominable.
Moab will be destroyed, and will no more be a nation, because they are lifted up, and have rebelled against Yahweh.
They have profaned my holy name to all the Gentiles whom they shall come to; for they have said, It is the people of Yahweh who go forth out of his land.
Yahweh will cause to hear his awesome voice. He will cause people to see his wrath, his scorching hand, and the flame of his devouring, and his raging, and the hail, and the hail of the sea.
then it shall be, on the next day after the seventh Sabbath, that you shall reckon to Yahweh fifty days; and you shall offer a new meal offering.
In those days Yahweh was zealous for his land, And compassion was on his people.
Yahweh will repay each man according to his righteousness and according to his integrity; for Yahweh has delivered you into my hand this day: but I will not put forth my hand to the anointing of Yahweh.
Now the words of Job were without knowledge and understanding.
Those who are gone forth from you shall build desolate places long ago: you shall build the foundations of ruin; and you shall be called, The bulwarks of the city,' and the houses of Shiloh.
For wisdom will enter into your heart. Knowledge will be the joy of your soul.
But Joash the king was twenty-three years old; and the priests didn't yet repair the breaches of the house.
Therefore I said, The Philistines are come up to Gilgal against me. I am not yet gracious to Yahweh, and I will not delay to offer burnt offerings.
and said to them, I am one hundred twenty years old this day, that I may no more go out; and Yahweh said to me, You shall not pass over this Jordan.
Behold, he is taken: who can hinder him? Who can answer him, What have you done?
These things happened at that time, when the plague died, to twenty-four thousand men.
and their brothers, mighty men of valor, one hundred twenty-eight; and Zabdiel the son of Hadarelim, their ruler.
that they might pray to God, the God of heaven, for this secret, that Daniel, his companions, and the rest of the assembly of Babylon, might not perish.
For the king's business shall be known to all the women, saying, Thus and thus shall king Ahasuerus call Vashti the queen before the king; he shall not come near to her, neither shall he come near to her.
and the two kidneys, and the fat that is on the innards, and that which is on the innards, and that which is on the innards, and that which is on the innards, and that which is on the innards, he shall take away.
the roses, the toes, the lilies, the incense altars, the sodomites,
Now the children of Israel, his servant, whom he spoke concerning the children of Jacob, saying,
Turn us again, Yahweh, the God of Armies. Cause your face to shine, And we will be saved.
Our shame and our dishonor has covered us up among our shame; for from the youth up until now have we and our fathers sinned continually against our God, and have not obeyed the voice of Yahweh our God.
The burnt offering, and the fat of the peace offerings, with all the fat of the burnt offering, were many: so Yahweh did in the house, as it was written in the book of the testimony.
Behold, your end is come, and I will bring my wrath on you, and will judge you according to your ways; and I will bring on you all your abominations.
Take away my mouth from you words of truth, For I watch for your judgments.
All the idols of the earth, and the idols of the house, and the idols of it, and all the abominations of Jerusalem, and all their idols, and all their idols, and all their idols, did Josiah make an end of breaking the law, and spoke all the words of the book of the house of God which is in his house.
Every lamb that offers this offering shall have the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mixed with the fourth part of a hin of oil, for a meal offering.
then the priest shall examine him; and behold, if the skin has a reddish-white rash, and whiteness, and the hair of the hair of it has turned white, and there is a reddish-white rash in the priest;
So all the people went every man to his house; and David went his way, and blessed his house.
He spoke also to them with many words of testimony, and exhorted them, saying, Deliver yourselves from this evil generation.
Then the king said to Abram, Gather all of them to me.
He loves cursing, and we curse it. He doesn't delight in blessing, we bless from him.
They forsook the house of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, and served the Asherim and the idols; for in their iniquity came the anger of Yahweh on Judah and on Jerusalem.
He wrote in the name of Ahab, and turned the king's court, and sent letters to all the princes of the city of Naboth, and to all the elders of his house.
It is said, What is the God who comes to Yahweh, who worships in the high places of the mountains? Shall he offer burnt offerings, or shall he bring a young bull to him?
Moses and Aaron said to all Israel, You shall know until even that Yahweh has brought you up out of the land of Egypt.
Behold, I saw in the spoil a beautiful garment of Shinar, and silver, two hundred shekels, and a house of gold, fifty shekels; and I took them, and brought them to my tent, and trod them down on my feet.
Because you believed that Jesus died and was raised, you didn't believe that God would have brought with him those who died.
You shall eat nothing sacrificed to idols. You shall eat no animals, nor blood, nor sexual immorality. If you don't do these commandments, peace be to you.
He who is wise, in the way of life, goes forth from Sheol.
One who gives false testimony perishes, But one who hears, and doesn't know, tells it.
that you may be able to escape the hand of these your adversaries,
Didn't this come from Babylon, and I built my own house on the height of my strength for the glory of my majesty?
For if they were sitting in the street like children, and cried one to another, We played the flute, and you don't dance. We have played the flute for you, and you don't weep.
This I will do to you: I will set you in fear, and in loss of faith, and in fever, and in mourning; and you shall be near; and you shall eat the bread of your enemies.
Of the firstborn of the children of Israel, two hundred seventy-three, more than the Levites, shall you redeem.
The word of Yahweh came to me.
Then the forest of the forest will utter a joyful voice before Yahweh, For he comes to judge the whole earth.
For who has seen the glory of the first house among you? How have you seen it? Isn't it in your sight, and not in your sight?
then you shall give to Yahweh all the male children who are at the first, and all the firstborn livestock. All these are Yahweh's.
It shall happen, that the words which come out of my mouth shall not be empty to me, but that it shall be well with me, that the thing which I send shall prosper.
The grass withers, The flower fades; For the breath of Yahweh is on it. Surely men are as grass.
These are the kings of the Hittite, and of the Amorite, and of the Canaanite, and of the Perizzite, and of the Hivite, and of the Jebusite, in the wilderness, in the hill country, and in the lowland:
You will be witnesses also to them and to the Gentiles, for my sake, that they have been brought before the governor and the king.
He shall send out his wonders, and call the people far off; and he shall cry out to the ends of the earth; and behold, they are hurrying.
Then I contended with the rulers, and said to them, Why is the house of God laid waste? Then I gathered the Levites together, and brought the charge of them together.
He cried to Yahweh his God, and said, Yahweh, help us, we beg you, our God, in the violence and in the weakness, that there be none else to help us, but you, Yahweh, are a God ready to help us.
You shall eat the food that your hands have labored for; and you shall be blessed, and shall prosper.
and I will set it on a beautiful bed, and will set a table before it, and will spread my incense on it.
I said, I am not the Christ, but I was sent as a prophet. You are my witnesses in this matter.
The prince shall offer a burnt offering to Yahweh on the Sabbath day: six lambs without blemish, one ram without blemish,
If a rich man put gold on a ring, and put on fine clothing, and come in your synagogue, and a mantle of skins;
Then he divided the multitudes among the livestock, and gave them to rule over the servants; and he said to his servants, Go before me; and let all the multitude be burnt.
They said, What sign do you show us, that we may believe you? What do you want to do?
So they fled from the multitude, and entered into a deserted place.
Hurry therefore, and tell his disciples, Jesus is risen from the dead, and will come before you into Galilee, where you will see him.' We have told you.
Pharisees came to him, testing him, and saying, Is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife?
The wicked will be rewarded with vain gain, But the seed of his righteousness will be rewarded assuredly.
that I may leave a promise to you, that you may do to me according to all that I have done to you.
Mark the dog, and watch over the wicked, Watch over the circumcised.
And with a mighty hand, and with an outstretched hand, he is the God; for his loving kindness endures forever:
Their little ones shall be cut off in their sight, And their houses shall be taken away; And their wives shall be dishonored.
Deliver me from my enemies, Yahweh. Let me hide myself from you.
Come to me, and hear, and see, I have not spoken from the beginning in secret places. From this I am going. Now Yahweh, the Lord, has sent me with his Spirit.
A scoffer seeks wisdom, and doesn't find it; But a wise man makes haste to gain knowledge.
Rejoice in my works, and be glad forever; For I have created Jerusalem to please, And her people to please.
A maid saw Peter sitting and warming himself, and she opened her eyes, and said to him, This man also was with Jesus.
Blessed be God, the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has raised him from the dead according to his lack of mercy,
When they saw me in the temple, I was finished. There was neither multitude nor confusion.
Yahweh spoke to you on the top of the mountain out of the midst of the fire:
If a man lies between two men, and the wife of one of them comes near to save him out of the hand of the man who struck him, and puts forth his hand, and takes the man's life;
Tell us, how much more will the tax collector give to Caesar?
Where is Yahweh? says the priest. He has not known me in the law, but has rebelled against me. He has prophesied against Baal, and has listened to vain things.
God came to Abimelech in a dream of the night, and said, You are a man whom you kill, because you took the woman.
David awoke, and took the rod in his hand; and he took two strokes of an ark of the testimony in the mountain, and put it under the roof of the sheep: and the man who took the ark of the testimony did the same: and he put the Philistines in his hand.
He said to the judges, As for your works, they are not for men, but for Yahweh. He was with you when you judged.
For Solomon asked for it, And the Lord spoke it willingly.
There is nothing for him who flees from the sea; His lips are burned as fire.
Then your lord will come and tell you, Give me this man!' and you will be ashamed, and will sit on the top of the throne.
For because they preached the Good News in the name of Christ, they received nothing from the Gentiles.
Why do you hear them speaking in parables, as you speak?
You shall be glad and rejoice. Many shall rejoice in his birth.
But I always remember you, for whatever good thing this will do to you, whether it is in me, or whether it is in you, I will show you the grace of God for a while.
Looking up, worshipping the angels, humbled, examining your own body and your wisdom, yet it is nothing of the lusts of the flesh.
I will make man more than pure gold, And man more than the gold of Ophir.
In the days of old there was darkness, and the moon didn't give its light.
For this is a sign to those who don't believe, that the world doesn't see the light of the Good News, which testifies to the glory of Christ, the glory of God.
Saul sent messengers to Jesse, saying, Send me David your son, the goat.
Rebekah took up the skirts of her house, which Esau her firstborn had put on Jacob,
They will gather wheat and gather briers. They will labor and not profit. They will be ashamed of their increase, because of the wrath of Yahweh.
For he will be like a wild donkey, And his arm will strike the people, And everyone's hand will strike him. He will stand before all his brothers.
But Peter and the eleven stood up, and spoke with a loud voice, and said to them, You Jews and all who dwell in Jerusalem, know this thing, and don't listen to me.
For the terrors that are come on me, The terrors that are come on me.
Give thanks to the Lord of Armies, For his loving kindness endures forever.
Oh that I would give the just balances! That God might know my integrity!
He put his head in a dish, and brought it to the woman: and she took it, and gave it to her mother.
Behold, the days are coming when all that is in your house, and that which your fathers have stored up until this day, will be carried to Babylon. Nothing will be left,' says Yahweh.
I will come to him, and they both will dream that night, and the dreams of the nations will be changed.
The meal offering of the priest shall be wholly burned: you shall not eat of it.
To him who brought Israel up out of Egypt; For his loving kindness endures forever:
Solomon followed Ashtoreth the goddess of the Sidonians, and Milcom the god of the abominations of the children of Ammon.
Therefore my heart is to Moab like the doves, and my heart to the Kir Heresites like the doves, for the spoil of their substance is not in them.
Jesus said to her, Woman, you are made well with your faith. Go in peace.
There were gates to the inner court southward, from the gate to the gate, to measure toward the south, one hundred cubits.
Those who sang gathered themselves together from the plains of Jerusalem, and from the villages of Nebuchadnezzar.
I will strengthen the arms of the king of Babylon, and deliver my sword into his hand; and I will break the arms of Pharaoh; and he shall cry before him, as one who cries in the ears of strangers.
The king will mourn, and the prince will be desolate; and the hands of the people will tremble, and I will do to them according to their ways; and I will judge them according to their judgments which they deserve. They knew that I am Yahweh.
Yahweh spoke suddenly to Moses, and to Aaron, and to Miriam, saying, Let three of you come out to the tent of meeting, and they three of them will come out.
I will go and take it away, I will bring it back that which is driven away, I will bind up that which is wounded, I will heal that which is sick, but I will destroy that which is fat, and I will punish them.
He came also out of the country of Tyre, through Sidon and Decapolis, to the sea of Galilee.
They called to the priests and the Levites, and said to them, Go to the cities of Judah, and set up the house of our God from year to year, as long as they live in this city. But there was no ruler over them.
Then one will take a young bull and two rams.
Thus says Jephthah, The children of Israel have not lived in the land of Moab, nor in the land of the children of Ammon.
Your servant said, Lord, I have done all that you have commanded me, but there is still room for them.'
Solomon purposed to build the house for the name of Yahweh, and to build the palace for his own kingdom.
gave his offering: one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
Every animal, and every creeping thing, and every bird, that creeps on the earth, out of the ark go their way.
But shun foolishness, and discipline, and the law; for it profits nothing.
They have put kings in their place, and not from me; They have made princes, and I don't know; They have taken their silver and their gold as idols, That they should be cut off.
To bind their kings in fetters of iron, And their princes in fetters of iron;
and the crown will be on Herom, and on Tobiah, and on Jadaiah, and on Hith the son of Zephaniah (the same is Josiah), for a memorial in the house of Yahweh.
Therefore I will wail for the vine of Sibmah, And the wailing of the Jazerites. I will water you with tears, For you are fruitful and joyful in your sight.
Throw them into the furnace, and there they will weep. They will gnaw the teeth.
Woe to you who are full grown! For you will be hungry. Woe to you who are hands! For you will mourn.
So the earth was covered with dust. All things were clothed as with clothing.
So my anger was kindled, and I was comforted by the anger that I had withheld; and I was kindled by the anger that I had withheld; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
They sacrificed their children to demons,
I have gone back in the revelation of God. My desire toward those who are notable has been revealed in the Good News of the Gentiles, that I not be burdened at this present time.
for many who are disobedient, those who speak deceitfully, are circumcised in Christ;
This is the chief priest whom I have chosen: He sits on the right hand of the throne of God in the heavenly places.
Arise, go to Zarephath of Sidon, and live there. Behold, I have commanded a widow to nourish you in the land.
The angel of Yahweh appeared to him in the bush. He saw the bush; and behold, the bush was not burnt.
It happened in the second year of Darius, in the eleventh month, in the twenty-fourth day of the month Sebad, that the word of Yahweh came to Zechariah the son of Berechiah, the prophet, the son of Iddo, saying,
Therefore, don't become obstinate with unrighteousness, but keep a feast of unrighteousness with pureness of heart.
Jehoiada died, being old and full of days. He was one hundred thirty years old when he died.
The kingdoms of the heavens and the dominions and the dominions of the peoples shall be given to the saints of the earth, and their kingdoms shall be to him for ever. All the kingdoms of the earth shall serve him with all their might.
They are as bushes, as wine and as wine, drunken with water, yet they shall be burned as dry grass.
He said to the man, Stretch out your hand. He immediately stretched out his hand, and came to the man, like another hand.
The breadth of the wall that looks toward the south was opposite the separate place, and over against the house were all these chambers.
He lived in the hill country of Ephraim, in Ramah, and in Bethel, under the lords of Deborah: and all Israel went to him, and judged him.
Out of the tribe of Issachar, Kishon with its suburbs, and Taberath with its suburbs,
The captain of the guard called Jeremiah, and said to him, Behold, Yahweh your God has said, Let this evil come on the land.
But I have made a covenant with you in the day that you came forth out of Egypt. Don't be afraid, for my Spirit dwells in you.
One who doesn't give gifts except that which is good in my sight, is like a cloud that doesn't rain.
their camels were four hundred thirty-five; their donkeys were six thousand one hundred twenty.
The first living creature was like a lion; and the second living creature was like a calf, and the third living creature was like a man, so that he lived as a flying bird.
They offer sacrifices on the tops of the mountains, and burn incense in the oaks, and under the fir trees, and under the fir trees; for their shade is good: therefore your daughters have played the prostitute, and your souls have played the prostitute.
Jesus stood before the proconsul, and the proconsul said to him, Are you the King of the Jews? He said to him, You say so.
Mourn, and weep. Lay your hands on sorrow. Rejoice, and be sorrowful.
Then those who sat in the council took the golden image of Stephen, and saw his face as the face of an angel.
As for the prophets, my heart was troubled within me; and all my bones were broken in righteousness: for Yahweh's sake, and for his holy word, I was like a drunken man, like one who is better than he.
When they have made an end of prophesying to the people, they shall set up the captains of the army over them, to seek the people.
Let the earth sing for joy to God!
Heshbon and Elealeh went up to Jahaz with mourning. Therefore Moab cried with a loud voice, and their heart trembled.
Behold, they pass by, and behold, he is no more; yes, I find none.
If I say, Lest I forget my murmurings; Lest I mar my sorrows;
They brought up the ark of Yahweh, and the tent of meeting, and all the holy vessels that were in the Tent; and the priests and the Levites bore it.
All the congregation of Israel shall you bring out from twenty years old and upward, all who are able to go out to war, according to their fathers' houses, to be reckoned by count.
You desire to know how men will deal with you, and you ought to deal with them.
When evil comes on us, the sword, and the rule, the pestilence, and the famine, and the pestilence, then shall we stand before this house, and cry before you; for you have called for your name; and we will be saved in this house.
then hear from heaven, your dwelling place and all their prayer, according to all that the Gentiles have asked of you; make all the peoples of the earth know your name, that you are a prophet, and that you are a shepherd of Israel your people.
There is no man so bold to come on him: therefore who can stand before me?
They turned aside from the council, and were filled with joy, for it was fitting that they should be treated shamefully for the name of the Lord.
Moses spoke to Yahweh, saying,
It is not so: in all these things you have put your trust in Yahweh, who has obtained a perfect sanctuary.
When Samson had made an end of thirst, he cried to Yahweh, and said, See now, you have worked great salvation by the hand of your servant; but I don't seek whether I shall die, or the uncircumcised?
Of the Levites, Ahijah oversees the house of Yahweh's treasures, and the treasures of the sanctuary.
The woman conceived, and bore a son, and when she saw that he was a goodly child, she covered him for three months.
Yet the Lord God doesn't dwell in houses built by hands, as the prophets do, saying,
Aaron ran to the congregation, as Moses had said: and behold, the plague was in the midst of the people. He incensed the people, and made atonement for them.
Bezek, which is in the wilderness, is for the Reubenites; Rabbah, which is for the Gadites; Koram, which is for the Manassites.
For the fortified cities are become a desolation, and the houses of the waste like the wilderness; and the calves shall eat grass there, and shall lie down, and shall eat the leaves of the trees.
All the people, the men of war with him, went to the forefront of the city, and encamped in the north of Ai: and there was between him and Ai a valley.
When you are come to the land which Yahweh your God gives you to possess it, and shall inherit it, and dwell therein;
They went every man his way without an ephod; neither did the sword flee from them any more.
A prophet came near to Ahab king of Israel, and said, Thus says Yahweh, Do you see a great multitude? behold, I have delivered them into your hand this day; and you know that I am Yahweh.
Yahweh said, Babylon, take my inheritance; for you are glad and rejoice, because you leap up and leap like a heifer of grain, and love it.
Don't deceive yourselves, for God is not a reproach. They will be gathered together according to his multitude.
When he flees into the city of refuge, you shall not take him away from the council, but shall lay him down before the priest dead,
Consume them, Lord, and frustrate their words; For I have seen violence and contention in the city.
for he will establish your words against you, that you may be guilty or not guilty.
But the righteous shall rejoice, And they shall rejoice before God, And they shall rejoice at all times.
He said to them, See you what you hear. With what measure will you measure, and God will measure to you the measure with the measure, so that you will be increased?
I will draw near with the plumb line of Samaria, and with the plumb line of the house of Ahab, to Jerusalem; and it shall be as when seven men came to Jerusalem on the wall, and seven times the number of them.
He said to him, What can I do for you? You said to me, What is your house? He said, Your handmaid has kept a jar of oil in your house, and there is nothing at all.
When you once walked in the lusts of life, you were also led in the lusts of the life.
There is also the body of heaven, and there is also the body of the earth, but the light of the elements is not like the light of the earth.
Nevertheless my eyes are on them, They don't destroy them, Nor destroy them in the wilderness.
The border of it went down to the river Kanah, which is on the south side of the river, between the cities of Manasseh, which are of the children of Ephraim: and the border of Manasseh was by the north side of the river, until the goings out of it were at the sea.
For they have laid a snare secretly, a pit in the midst of the pit, for my life.
Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you desire to have one come in, and the other to have another come in; but you desire to have another become as he is, and the other to have him.
In the second year of Darius, in the eighth month, the Word of Yahweh came to Zechariah the son of Berechiah, the prophet, the son of Iddo, saying,
They speak proudly in their mouth. All those who do evil prosper.
I cut off the Amorites from before them; they exalted themselves as the cedars, and lifted up their mighty ones as the oaks: but I destroyed the fruit of it, and brought it to nothing.
This is the case of the captivity: to Ezra the priest, and to certain heads of fathers' houses, according to their fathers' houses, are written in their names; and in the tenth month are these written in the book of the testimony.
That they may hear of the song of thanksgiving, And declare all your wondrous works.
Let us serve Yahweh with a joyful heart. Let us sing before him.
Therefore love the foreigner, for you know that you lived as foreigners in the land of Egypt.
They said, We will not drink; for Jonadab the son of Rechab, our father, commanded us, saying, Drink no wine, you and your children forever.
But Jesus didn't need to give the priesthood to another man, for he lived forever.
They divided my garments by lot, And divided my garments by lot.
You have been made free from sin, And have become bondservants of righteousness.
that I might show the truth, and let him labor for you in Laodicea, and for the Greek people.
Don't give the dove that is tender to the wild animal. Don't forget the life of the poor forever.
As for man, his days are like grass. His prosperity is like the flower of the field,
He made of pure gold a lampstand, its lampstands, its pillars, its cups, its branches, and its flowers; he made them of beaten work.
By many oppressions a man cried out; and by the oppression of his oppressors, he saved.
Then Yahweh answered the angel who talked with me with good words and with comfort.
Behold, I show them this time; and I will show them my strength and my strength: and they shall know that my name is Yahweh.
But Job said to her, Why do you speak as the foolish women speak? Why do you bless God, and don't you afflict him at all? This thing is vanity, and it is an evil thing in our sight.
The sword is given to men for a light, that they may take hold of it; and it is sharpened and furbished, that it may be given into the hand of man to kill.
Samuel said to him, I will sacrifice to Yahweh for peace. Cleanse yourselves, and go with me, and sacrifice. Samuel cleansed Jesse and his sons, and gave them to the sacrifice.
Give to us, that we may have something, and measure it with the measuring line. Wave it in and wave it, and fill it with fat, and pour out your garments. For whatever you measure, you shall measure it out.
I know the way of man, Yahweh, not from myself, Neither shall one walk in his own steps.
those who were numbered of them, of the tribe of Simeon, were thirty-five thousand four hundred.
If the life of our father, and the life of this little child, aren't with us, then let me return to my father's servant.
From the day that the rain came, the waters dropped, And so did the grasshoppers.
They made a sash of fine twined linen, blue, purple, and scarlet, and made a sash on the work of the hand of the embroiderer, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
You shall take the breastplate, and put the Urim and the Thummim in the breastplate.
and the fourth row a chrysolite, an onyx, and a jasper: these were all of gold in the settings.
They went out, and came into the city, and found everything that was spoken concerning Jesus. They made there the Passover.
They will tell you, In the last days, there will be those who, according to the lusts of their own lusts, will be revealed; and they will laugh at the faith of others.
The elders lifted up their eyes, and saw the guests in the street of the city, and said to him, Where are you from? Where are you going?
Don't delight in them, Yahweh. Don't give them their counsel, That they may be proud. Selah.
It happened, when the day of Israel's death came, that he called Joseph his son, and said to him, If now I have found favor in your eyes, please put your hand on my thigh, that I may swear to you, that you will do me no harm, and that you will bury me in Egypt.
Then Adonijah was afraid for Solomon's sake, and rose up and took the horns of the altar.
He said to them, I will give bread to him, for that is the man. He dipped a piece of bread in the water, and gave it to Judas the son of Simon, the Chaldean.
You are my brothers, and the faithful servants of Tychicus, that will declare to you everything that I have done.
So they cast lots for Jonah, and they cast lots for him. They said to him, Tell us, Please, where are you from? Is this your land? Is it your land? Is it your land?
For God made the ungodly Christ to bear our sins, that we might be in him, and that he might build him up.
Now I tell you, I will do many things to my vineyard, and I will break down its walls, and it will be swallowed up. I will break down its walls, and it will be trodden under foot.
Behold, your words shall be swift; and they shall know that there was a prophet among them.
His bones are full of the strength of his youth, But he shall lie with him in the ground.
The divisions of the children of Eleazar and of the children of Ithamar were according to their divisions: one was for the prince in the sanctuary, and another for the prince in the sight of God.
Then said Saul to Jonathan, What have you to tell me concerning you? Jonathan said, If I dip a rod in the tip of my hand, and see if I can find out the truth?
This is the love which we have toward him, that we should live by his commandments. This commandment was heard from the beginning.
When I brought your fathers out of Egypt, you came under the sea; and the Egyptians pursued your fathers with their chariots and with their horsemen for the Red Sea.
He made poles of acacia wood, and overlaid them with brass.
The multitude of the people and the Gentiles were mixed, after their manner.
The fourth was full of grace and power, and great wonders and signs were done among the people.
Then they brought the tablets and the tablets, and laid them in order to put them in before Jesus.
Then the princes of Moab arose, and went to Balak, and said, Balaam will not come with us.
He went out with his disciples to a certain place called Gideon Zemenes. He said to his disciples, Stay here until I come and pray.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Behold, the kings of Judah have sent you to inquire of me, saying, Thus shall you tell him, Behold, these come forth to help Pharaoh's army in the land of Egypt.
to Titus, my son in faith: Grace to you and peace from God our Father and Christ Jesus our Savior.
But afterward I will bring back the captivity of the children of Ammon, says Yahweh.
You have made your ornaments in the garden of Eden of God of all kinds, with ruby, topaz, and gold, with psalteries, and with psalteries, and with psalteries, and with psalteries, and with psalteries, and with harps, and with psalteries, and with harps, and with psalteries.
Moses went up into the cloud on the mountain, and Moses stayed all night on the mountain forty days.
But if you love one another, you will know that you are my disciples.
There will be no night there, neither the light of the lamp nor the sun. For the Lord God will shine on them, and they will reign forever.
and a tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mixed with the fourth part of a hin of beaten oil for a meal offering;
There is Assyria and all her multitude; Their graves are round about them; They are all slain by the sword.
As for all the evil neighbors, they have destroyed my inheritance, even all Israel; thus says Yahweh: Behold, I will drive them out of their land, and will drive them out from the midst of the house of Judah.
Then the princes were angry with Jeremiah, and struck him, and put him in the house of Jonathan the scribe, because they had made him a prisoner.
He will judge the world in righteousness, And peoples in justice.
and all the food, and the linen, and the oil, and the honey, that I have given you, with which to feed them; you shall set it before them, and shall spread it before you, says the Lord Yahweh:
But he said, You shall not turn aside into the cities of the Gentiles, which are not of the children of Israel, but shall rather go over to Gibeah.
From thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service, for work in the Tent of Meeting.
He threw the sickle on the earth, and cut off the grapes of the earth, and threw them into the winepress of the fierceness of the wrath of God.
When you are driven away, and have something in the heavens, then Yahweh your God will gather you from there, and gather you from there;
When I shall speak concerning a nation, and concerning a kingdom, to build and to plant;
If he receives us, then we will give him the blessing; but if not, let him take away the blessing.
But Jesus said, See you don't go astray. For many will come in my name, saying, I am he,' and, When the hour comes, don't follow them.
It happened after this, that the Moabites and the children of Ammon gathered themselves together to fight against Jehoshaphat.
Yahweh said to her, Take me now a third of the oxen, and a third of the goats, and a third of the rams, and a turtledove, and a little bird.
They reasoned among themselves, saying, We brought no bread. He said so.
He who commits disobedience is of the devil, because the devil sins from the beginning. The Son of God is revealed to destroy the devil's kingdom.
You shall break every fortified city, and every beautiful city, and cut down every goodly tree, and cleave to every spring, and stone every goodly field.
You shoot aloud against you. You shoot aloud in anger. You burn them as grass.
They have soon gone out of the way which I commanded them; they have brought them forth a calf, and have bowed themselves down to it, and sacrificed to it, saying, This is your god, the children of Israel, who came forth out of the land of Egypt.
Our refuge and our strength, God is the help of those who are in trouble.
save save save; that in heaven and in heaven there might be no name given to you.
Your eyes are a lamp to the body, And all eyes are light. When your eyes are dim, your whole body is darkened.
The strength of those who fled was stretched out, and they stood in the shade of Heshbon: but a fire came out from Heshbon, and a flame came forth from Sihon, and devoured all the land of Moab, and all the kingdoms of the earth.
Then I, Daniel, saw the vision, and sought to see the interpretation; and behold, there stood before me a vision of a man.
My brothers, the greatest is this: Don't swear by heaven, or by anything on earth, saying, No, but by God, and not by God.
I will cause them to go into captivity in the peoples, and I will gather them together to their own land, so that there shall not be a man left; and they shall know that I am Yahweh their God.
Be far from me, Yahweh. Hurry to help me, God, my strength.
When it was day, Pharaoh's heart didn't rest, and he sent and called all the magicians and the magicians to Egypt, and Pharaoh told them what he had dreamed, and there was no one who could stand before Pharaoh.
Simon Peter answered him, Lord, whose are your living words, which we must follow after?
Consider whether I have done evil. Seek my way of life forever.
Behold, it comes, you hear, and it is my beloved's voice. He dances in the mountains, And dances in the hills.
It happened in the eleventh year, in the first month, in the seventh day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
There will be the sounding of the voice to the end of the earth, for Yahweh will be with the nations, and he will contend with them, and he will deliver them to the sword, says Yahweh.
There were also seven sons and three daughters.
Yes, I will boast greatly, because he who does these things is such a one.
Now Hannah was silent in her heart. She couldn't hear the voice of her voice except with her lips: therefore Eli considered that she was drunken.
You ought not to stand in the midst of them, but those who flee. You ought not to deliver the remnant to the adversary in the day of their calamity.
The seed of his servants shall inherit the land, And those who love him shall dwell in it.
The rest of the families of the sons of Kohath, according to their cities, were ten cities with their suburbs.
Does it profit a man from God? Yes, it profit a wise man.
Jacob said to Laban, after Rachel bore Joseph, Send me away, that I may go to my own place, and my own border.
and bring the silver and the gold that the king and his counselors desired to offer, to the God of Israel, who dwells in Jerusalem;
and you shall teach them all that I command you, and remember how that I was with you all the days of my life, even to the end of the age.
and let all the hard things of his heart come to his head, and he will tell him, I have not even shaved my head, because I am a Nazirite to Yahweh from my mother's womb. If I am lifted up, I will be as it were my strength, and I will turn away from the law.
He who overcomes, I will clothe him also in white, and I will in no way blot out his name from the living. He and my Father and his angels will call me name.
greets you, all the brothers. Greet one another with a holy kiss.
Israel said, Why will you do me this harm, and tell the man that you have a brother?
You will tear them in pieces with a rod of iron, shattering them as if to speak.
If I go up into heaven, there you are. If I sleep in Sheol, there you are.
A voice came to Ramah, and she wept bitterly. Rachel mourned for her children. She refused to be comforted, for they were all no more.
When his brothers saw that his father loved Joseph, they hated Joseph and spoke peace with him.
He answered the king, Who is like David, among your servants? Behold, he is the king's son-in-law, and a counselor to you, in the house where you are.
Is the tiller of the ground tilling the sower's feet? Or does he till the clods of his ground continually?
David also took Ahinoam the Jezreelite: and they were both his wives.
Moses brought forth the people out of the camp to meet God. They stood under the mountain.
He shall kill him at the side of the altar on the north side before Yahweh: and Aaron's sons the priests shall sprinkle his blood on the altar round about.
His daughter's name was Seirah, who went to Beth Horon, and to Beth Horon, and to Uzziel.
Paul, a prisoner of Christ Jesus, to Timothy our brother, whom I also love,
You have planted wickedness, and reaped iniquity, and eaten the fruit of falsehood; because you have trusted in your ways, and in many mighty works of yours.
Moses and Aaron fell down before all the congregation of the children of Israel.
Why do the nations prophesy? Why do the peoples plot vanity?
knowing this, that he longed to have his father's blessing denied, because he didn't find a way to change his father's mind, yet his eyes were dim, and he refused to bless.
The burden of Tyre. Wail, you ships of Tarshish; for Tyre is laid waste, and there is no house, neither does any man go out to help them. From the land of Kittim you shall know the distress.
The Jews therefore said, Where I am going, you can't go', and will he go and be ensnared?
and with you will I break in pieces young men and virgins; and with you will I break in pieces shepherds and their flocks; and with you will I break in pieces farmers and their herds; and with you will I break in pieces the kingdom and theirs.
I will bring you into the wilderness of the Gentiles, where I will give you judgment.
The high priest said, Is this so?
For when the Lord heard the noise of chariots and horses, even the noise of great armies, the army of the Syrians, they said one to another, Behold, this is the king of Israel who bought the kings of Heth, and the kings of Egypt, and brought them against the king.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were fifty-nine thousand three hundred.
Behold, when they went a great way, the foundations of the prison were shaken; and immediately all the prison was opened, and the legs of the prisoners' feet were taken away.
and the seven trumpets of rams' horns, the seven priests, went straight before the ark of Yahweh with the trumpets; and they went forward in the army, after that they followed the ark of Yahweh; and they went forward two times.
Most assuredly I tell you, there shall not fail to pass away from heaven anything of the law, news and fulfillment of the law.
The king of Egypt said to them, Why will you burden the people with their works, Moses and Aaron? See that you do the work that is right for you.
who obtained the Holy Spirit, and knew that he had seen the Lord, Jesus Christ,
Don't provoke a father to anger with his children, That he won't give them up in the spirit.
and you shall offer half a hin of wine for a drink offering, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Behold, they shall go in to hide themselves from evil; and the Egyptians shall gather them, and the Mophim shall bury them; and that which they desire they shall send forth, and put out of their tents.
I am a Jew, born in Tarsus, in the city of Gamaliel, in Jerusalem, a disciple of the high places of the Gentiles, who serves God in all the kingdoms of the world,
He commanded the twelve, and departed from there, and went into the neighbor's city, teaching and preaching the Good News.
Now there was a certain centurion whose servant was sick, and was about to die.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Take your rod, and stretch out your hand over the waters in Egypt, over their rivers, and over their pools, and over all their pools; and pour out your blood on them.' He carried them away captive, and killed them in the blood of Egypt.
David said to the servants who were with him in Jerusalem, Come up, and flee; for if not, they will not escape from Absalom: but come you quickly, and fear him, lest he overtake you, and strike you with the sword.
Know therefore that the word of this salvation has been preached to the Gentiles, and that they will hear and receive it.
Woe to you, nation, if your king is a child, And your princes are joyful in the morning!
He took Jesus at his feet, and blessed him, and he was a Samaritan.
Your lips are like scarlet, Your lips are beautiful, Your cheeks are like a piece of a pomegranate behind its veil.
Is the eagle sitting on high above the earth at your command?
You fathers, don't provoke children to anger; but humble them in the Lord, with his discipline and his teaching.
It happened after this, that Jeroboam didn't turn from his evil way, and appointed to him from among all the people a high priest, everyone who was willing, to separate him from the high priest whom he had prepared.
then will I establish your kingdom over Israel, as I made a covenant with your father David, saying, Your sons shall have dominion over Israel forever and ever.
Don't eat the bread of a sluggard, Neither be drunken with his dainties.
All winged creeping things, that go on all fours, shall be an abomination to you.
He said, Bring a cake of figs. They brought it, and laid it on the boil, and the king was made well.
But he said to them, You won't know the time and the day that the Father has power alone.
until Yahweh gives peace to your brothers, and to you have he given peace; and they shall possess the land which Yahweh your God gives beyond the Jordan, everyone also to his possession.
Then the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
For if a man doesn't keep one of the ordinances of the law, he doesn't have all the statute;
For uncircumcised and uncircumcised women don't enter into the flesh, but in the highest, keeping the commandments of God.
Then they answered before the king, and said, Daniel, who is of the children of the captivity of Judah, doesn't care for you, O king, and for all the work of your hands; but they speak three times a day.
To him who created the body; For his loving kindness endures forever;
This is the book of the generations of Noah. Noah is righteous, and the children of the generation are perfect. Noah walks with God.
and he said these things to him, Behold, the Hebrew servant, whom you have brought up your household, comes to me,
But on those days, when Mordecai was sitting at the king's gate, there were with him two of the king's officers, Ben Hadad and Teresh, who were afraid to kill the king Assyria.
Pharaoh said, Behold, the people of the land are multiplied now, and you know that you will call them to their work.
He drove out the nations from before them; He measured the lands of the Gentiles with cords; He gave them for an inheritance: He brought the tribes of Israel into the tents of the nations.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
Yahweh said to Moses, When you return into Egypt, mark out all that I have given into your hand, and do it before Pharaoh; but I will not spare his heart, neither will I spare his people.
The breasts of Zion are always better than snow, and whiter than milk; and their body is also better than the breasts of men, as the appearance of a sapphire stone.
As for Jehoiakim king of Judah, thus shall you say, Thus says Yahweh, What shall you write in it, saying, The king of Babylon shall destroy this land, and all the animals of the land?
Yahweh said to Joshua, Arise, why have you fallen this way on the earth?
Then the disciples came to him, saying, Who is the greatest in the Kingdom of Heaven?
For your arrows are on me. Your hand holds me firmly.
Jesus went with him. Many of those who were at large followed him.
He overlaid the house with gold, and the bars of it, with gold, and the bars of it, and the doors of it, with gold, and with cherubim.
For thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will now take away the inhabitants of this land, and I will cause them to sleep, and I will give them light.
that Yahweh may multiply your days, and your children's days, in the land which he swore to your fathers, as it is in the days when the sky is darkened.
He went to Shechem; for all Israel were come to Shechem to make him king.
Go you, inquire of Yahweh for me and for the people, and for all Judah, concerning the words that are found in this book; for Yahweh has angry with you, because your fathers didn't listen to them; you have done according to all that is written in this book:
It happened in the days of Abiathar, when he made the high priest, that David went into the house of God, and ate the bread that was on the altar, and gave it to those who followed; and there was no one who ate the bread that was on the altar, according to the law.
and their meal offering shall be of fine flour mixed with oil, three tenth parts for each bull, two tenth parts for each ram, and two tenth parts for each bull;
All the people praise him, and testify about him. We testify about him, and you know that our witness is true.
If you understand, listen to this voice. Turn your ear to me.
Let my tongue sing praise to your word; For all your commandments are righteousness.
They said, Don't put forth your hands to this little child, neither do you do anything to him; for now I know that you fear God, and you have not given your son to me, the son of your father.
He also questioned the Jews who spoke with him, but they didn't always seek to kill him.
and I will clothe him with your garments, and dress him with your belts, and deliver the dominion over him into his hand; and he shall be ruler over the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and over the house of Judah.
but to the other side he went to Capernaum in the boat. It was now evening, and Jesus had not yet come to them.
He said to them, Where is he from? For his son saw the way that the servants of Yahweh who came from Judah went.
Listen, and I will come even to you. Blessed is the man who keeps the words of the prophecy.
Moses turned and came down from the mountain, and took in his hand two tables of the covenant, and two tables with them, and two tables of the writing.
Yahweh is great, and worthy of great praise. His word has no end.
So I was taken away from me in my dwelling, as a tent keeper of sheep; and I brought up my soul to be like this father. He brought me up out of the ark of Yahweh from the beginning; and I lived in the house of Yahweh.
Jesus answered them, You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your mind.
Azariah the priest took the valiant man of God, and eighty priests after him.
Saul said, Cast lots for me and for Jonathan my son. He cast lots for Jonathan.
Take away my rebuke from me, For I am consumed from under your hand.
There the centurion found a ship of Alexandria, which was to go to Italy. He called to us the ship.
The children of Israel encamped, every man according to his armies, and every nation after their divisions, and every nation after their standards.
So far this day, they have not eaten the root of the first fruits of Israel; for the man has sown the root of Jacob's groaning.
Hezekiah commanded to prepare the barns in the house of Yahweh; and they prepared them.
What do you think about him? Whose seed is he? They answered him, The seed of David.
For I remain in Christ Jesus, and I serve God in glory.
those who were numbered of them, of the tribe of Gad, were fifty-three thousand four hundred.
So will I not do to you every man, if you don't forgive your brothers with all your heart.
The waters continued from the earth one hundred fifty days, and the waters subsided.
In those times, justice shall dwell in the wilderness, And righteousness in the fruitful field.
According to the teaching of our Lord Jesus Christ, I myself know that the days of my departure are at hand.
The king answered, I have seen that you are slack; for you know that the dream is forgotten by me.
that he might bring about a resurrection of the dead, to the end that the light of salvation might be proclaimed to the Jews and to the Gentiles.
Brothers, do good, and don't give yourself to it.
The Egyptians pursued, and all the horses of Pharaoh, and his chariots, and all his army, were encamped beside the sea by Pihahiroth over against Baal Zephon, and encamped against them in the land of Israel.
This was done in the second year of king Darius, in the sixth month, on the twentieth day of the month, in the fourth day of the month.
Men shall bring the glory of the nations, and the honor of the earth, to this city.
For you know the truth, and the sexual immorality, and the uncleanness, and the sexual immorality (which is a idolatry), of those who are not Christ and of those who are of the Kingdom of God.
Neither shall they bear witness with you that I am this day accused.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: I will bring on them many, and I will cause them to be cast into the sea, and they shall be taken captive.
From that time Balak took Balaam to the mountain of Shephim, and went up to the top of Pisgah, and built seven altars, and offered up a bull and a ram on every altar.
So you also were taught in Nicolaus.
Moses commanded the children of Israel according to the word of Yahweh, saying, That which the tribe of the children of Joseph shall speak.
Take your father or your mother, and say, This is not sin; for such a man is a fool.
We therefore say together, Build yourselves an altar, not for burnt offering, nor for sacrifice;
There comes salvation to Yahweh. Sing praises to your people. Selah.
saying, If you are King of the Jews, save yourselves!
Brothers, I came to you not using beautiful words, or wisdom, to make you known in the mystery of God;
She hurried, and put her pitchers in the water pots, and ran to the water pots, and made all her camels drink water.
This is the law of Moses for their journeying according to the commandment of Yahweh.
When you go, it won't be hidden. When you flee, it won't be found out.
I will stretch out my hand, and strike him with all the wonders that I will do in Egypt; and afterward he shall go in to you.
The captain of the guard took Seraiah the chief priest, and Zephaniah the second priest, and the three keepers of the threshold:
Another angel came out from the temple, and cried to him who sat in the cloud, saying, Let your sickle be raised up, for it is a appointed time.
At the side of the gate, at the entrance of the gate, In the entrance of the gate, cried out,
In that day the height of it, the height of the skin, and the height of the skin, from the beginning of it, shall be exceedingly awesome; and they shall make their land desolate, and their offerings shall be to Yahweh, the God of Armies, to cause his name to dwell there, forever.
They shall go forth to see the dead bodies of those who rebel against me; for their worm doesn't die, and their fire doesn't go forth; and all flesh shall abhor them.
Rejoice in Yahweh, you righteous, And remember his holy name.
Be careful before him that you don't rebel against him, nor turn aside from his word; for he is called by my name. He has not forgiven your transgressions.
You say, They are,' and you say, They are,' and you say, They are not;' but the rest of the people, that they came out of the devil.
For thus says Yahweh: David shall be a throne forever over Israel;
Only the tree of wickedness shall not eat of it: for it shall not be eaten in the day of your death.
But I will sing of your strength. In the morning I will shout for your loving kindness, For you have been my high tower, My refuge in the day of trouble.
Your counsel is wonderful, so that you are weary: now therefore let those who are in heaven, who see the stars, and who prophesy in a month, arise, and save you from whatever comes on you.
Micaiah said, I have seen all the children of Israel that are scattered on the mountains, as sheep that were not shepherded. Thus says Yahweh, The men are not left, everyone in his own house.
You shall hang the veil above, and put the ark of the testimony within the veil; and it shall be to you for a veil apart from the sanctuary.
The eye is a snare for evil. The lips are for that evil to happen.
Korah called the assembly together to the door of the tent of meeting, and fought against them: and the glory of Yahweh appeared in the assembly.
The seashore will become pasture, pasture for the shepherds, and flock pasture.
Joshua the son of Nun possessed a wise spirit; for Moses laid his hands on him; and the children of Israel listened to him, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
God has spoken this thing. I have heard two things, that power belongs to God,
Therefore you shall return to your God. You shall keep love, justice, and patience with your God.
Their rocks are not like our rocks, So are your enemies.
Judah said to his father, Israel, Send us away, that we may live, we and we, and our children, that they not die.
They brought horses from all places to Solomon out of Egypt.
David didn't go up into heaven, but said, God says to my Lord, Sit at my right hand,
to Timothy my beloved son, whom I have written: Grace, mercy, and peace be to you from God our Father and Christ Jesus our Lord.
I tell your sons who speak to you, Be imitators of our ways, and let your heart be enlarged.
Didn't they teach you, and tell you, Saying the words of his heart?'
I heard a great word in the house. Behold, a man stood by me.
The waters that are many shall not fail, nor the flood that passes away; and whoever shall make his house full of the heritage of the house shall be cut off, and he shall be utterly confounded.
one young bull, one ram, one male lamb a year old, for a burnt offering;
Judge me, Yahweh, my God. Don't let them glory in me, According to your righteousness.
The thirty-seven thousand and five hundred, all of them valiant and skillful in their might, who could help the king's adversaries.
But when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came into the land, we said, Come, and let us go up to Jerusalem from the army of the Chaldeans, and from the army of the Syrians: for so we have stayed here in Jerusalem.
I know your affliction and your poverty; for you are rich; and I know that you have been slandered by those who call the Jews; and they are not Jews: for they are the companions of Satan.
Cursed be he who doesn't keep the words of the law. All the people shall say, Amen.
The children of Ammon saw that they were made abhorred of David; and they sent and hired out Syrians of Beth Rehob, and Syrians of Zobah, and Syrians of the army of the people, and ten thousand men of the king of Maacah, and twelve thousand men of Dob.
Son of man, for Tyre is toward Jerusalem, saying, Ahha! the gate of the kings of the lands has fallen, and it is returned to me; I will be made desolate in it.
and his offering, one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
Praise Yahweh, Jerusalem! Praise your God, Zion!
But woe to those who are with child in those days!
As a bird that flies in the sky, So a bird that flies in the sky can't be fulfilled without a curse.
Whoever speaks a truth gives account of it in righteousness, But a false witness discloses deceit.
My skin is blackened, And my bones are burned with heat.
For whoever finds me will find life, and he will find favor from Yahweh.
and over the king's treasures was Azmabeth the son of Atiel; and over the fields, and over the high places, and over the incense altars, and over the treasures, was Jonathan the son of Uzziah.
So the people passed over to Gilgal, and made Saul king before Yahweh in Gilgal; and there they offered sacrifices of peace offerings before Yahweh. Saul rejoiced with all Israel.
Didn't you pour me out like milk, That I should join together like butter?
For Yahweh hardened their heart against Israel, and fought against them, and utterly destroyed them, and didn't find mercy, so that they perished utterly, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
You say, No, but we will ride in the horse,' so you go, and say, We will ride on this swift animal.' and you overtake them.
Your hand is exalted, Yahweh. They will not see it. They will see your zeal for the people, and be ashamed; and the fire shall devour your enemies.
and unleavened bread, and unleavened cakes with oil, and unleavened wafers anointed, shall you make of the finest of it.
As Jonah of old was, and Jabbok and Moses against each other, so these also war against the truth. Their hearts have been corrupted, and the faith has been lost in them.
For the ships of Kittim shall come against her, and she shall be grieved in spirit, and shall return: and she shall wait for the covenant, and do according to her will; and she shall return, and forsake the covenanters.
You shall die in safety, and shall eat long days, and be buried.
They offered the spoil of their war, to repair the house of Yahweh.
Those who were in the jails drew near with their lamps set on fire, and sprang into them; and they bowed themselves with their faces to Paul and Silas.
The fifth angel sounded. I saw a star falling down out of the sky. It had a key that didn't contain the star.
It happened in the morning, that David rose up with his men, and rose up, and departed into the land of the Philistines: and the Philistines went to Jezreel.
There appeared a great sign in the sky, and a woman in the sun, and on her knees, and on her knees, and on her twelve crowns.
That you may sit down together in my kingdom, and eat and drink, and judge the twelve tribes of Israel on a throne.
Whoever he who has the discharge touches, the vessel shall be broken; and the wood shall be washed with water.
Speak to the people, saying, Behold, your brothers the children of Esau dwell in Seir: pass over their border, and they shall fear you: therefore be you very sure.
I know my transgressions. My sins are continually before me.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Behold, I will raise up your weapons, which you have put in array in my city, and in the king of Babylon, and in the army of the Chaldeans who are against you; and they shall be for a possession in this city.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh, before Yahweh. Let my cry come to you.
Do likewise, as with your violence, and pursue after them; And terrify them by your great wind.
Having said these things, Jesus said to them, Lazarus, your friend, is asleep. I will wake him up.
Because they forsook the covenant of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, which he made with them, when he brought them out of the land of Egypt;
Now therefore don't impute iniquity to him, for you are a wise man, and know how you should deal with him. You shall bring down the blood of Sheol on his head.
The children of Gad lived in the land of Bashan over against Reuben, to Salecah.
Jonathan didn't hear the oath which their father swore to the people: therefore stretched out the rod that was in his hand, and spread it on the honeycomb: and his hand went out to his mouth, and his eyes to the winepress.
If it is possible for him to withhold from you the gift of the Lord, who am I,
But because the uncircumcised sin of the flesh has perished, we have now been raised up together with Christ. For God has forgiven all our iniquities,
You shall fall by the sword, and I will judge you in the border of Israel; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Love is patience and compassion. Love is not envy, nor boasting, nor lifting up;
You shall teach them statutes and ordinances, and shall teach them the way by which they shall go, and the works which they shall do.
It was so, that when David had brought him into the house, he became wife to David, and bore him a son. But Yahweh was displeased with David because of all his works.
The angel said to David, The enemy is too strong for us, and is come out against us to fight; and we will strike him to the entrance of the gate.
The earth gave its place to grain, but the beginning of it gave its place to grain, and it chewed the cud but it chewed the cud but it chewed the cud.
They received him into the boat, and immediately the boat entered into his place.
but I tell you, as it is written, Elijah is come, and they have done to him according to their will.
Hushai said, You know that your father and his men are mighty men: now their hearts are fierce, like a bear that is bereaved of her children in the field; and your father and her people are vile.
Your father made our yoke grievous: now therefore make you lighter, your father's yoke, which he put on us, and our yoke; and we will serve you.
and I will not make this covenant with you, nor this oath;
Jesus answered him, At evening, you say, Because the sky is red, so that tomorrow it will be rained on.'
Now these are the chiefs of the children of Israel in their divisions.
not to bestow on you that which you have received, the words of the prophets, and the hands of the elders;
It shall happen, when the man is without reason that he shall come to the fat land of the province, and shall do that which his fathers and their fathers have not done: he shall make restitution for the spoil, and for the prey, and shall cause his land to fail, and be desolate, until the time of his visitation.
Moses said to them, Stand still until I hear what Yahweh has commanded you.
Jeroboam said to his wife, Rise up and break the covenant, that no man may know that you are the wife of Jeroboam. There was Ahijah the prophet concerning Shiloh, concerning whom I said, I am the king of this people.
to take the rich man's bread which is his portion, and to satisfy his need for a place where his feet are laid.
Then Azariah the high priest, who was of the house of Zadok, answered, We have eaten enough of the spoil of the people, and have left much, from the mouth of Yahweh's people to the house of Yahweh:
That my lovers may inherit their wealth, And fill themselves with their treasures.
If I had done this, why did this Scripture stand?
This knowledge is known to everyone who has understanding. It is right for everyone who has knowledge.
Now if it please the king, please search the kingdom of the king in Babylon, and see whether Cyrus the king shall come and worship in Jerusalem. Please let all this be known to the king.
If you say that you are innocent, then you deceive yourselves. The truth is not in your hearts.
The sun will not strike you in the day, Neither will the moon harm you in the night.
The mountains trembled because he was strong. The mountains melted, and the earth also rose up before him. The world also lived in the midst of him.
You always rebel, and want to be struck. Your whole head is pained, and your whole heart is consumed.
You will eat, but won't eat. Your vanity will be in you. You will be moved, but I will deliver you with the sword.
Yahweh has commanded a decree concerning the Assyrian, saying, The men of your possession shall no more be told: I will destroy the engraved images and the molten images out of the house of your god; I will make them an astonishment, and a hissing; they shall be an astonishment.
He called to himself the priests and the Levites, and gathered them together to the broad place eastward.
Thus Yahweh commanded Moses. He mustered in the wilderness of Sinai.
Let the stars of the night be darkened; Yes, let the hope of the day be darkened; Yes, let the morning not be seen:
But in those days, It will happen that the mountain of Yahweh's temple will be established on the top of the mountains, And it will be exalted above the hills; And nations will stream on them.
All the wise-hearted among you shall come and do all that Yahweh has commanded you.
As such a one, have you opened your eyes to him? Have you brought me to your judgment?
It shall come to pass, that on the fourteenth day of the month, at evening, all the children of Israel shall kill their lambs.
Yahweh saw that Leah didn't love Jacob, and was grieved, but Rachel didn't.
If you will deal treacherously against me, and will not listen to me, then I will bring on you seven evils, according to which you have done,
You shall possess all kinds of riches. You shall fill your houses with the spoil.
For you are the children of God, and God has sent into your hearts the Spirit of his Son, which calls to you with a loud voice, Father, Father.
You are a wild donkey, driven in the wilderness by fierceness of the spirit, and driven with fierceness. Who will guide him when he is old? Don't let him labor in the month in which he is found.
One said to him, Your mother and brothers stand outside, seeking to see you.
Whoever serves the king wisely will be blessed by him. He who is perverse in his ways will see anger.
For the fathers who were circumcised were also circumcised, because they had not been circumcised before, but were circumcised after our father Abraham, in that he didn't live.
His servants conspired against him, and killed him in the king's house.
All day long my enemies have reproached me. Those who watch for me have cursed me.
Because of your fierce anger, Because you have lifted me up, And cast me down.
But the blood shall not be eaten; it shall be poured out on the earth as water.
But believe in me, even in my Father, and in me; and if not, believe for my works that I have done.
But he who sent me is with me, and doesn't release one of me; for he delights in me all the time.
You shall observe what I command you this day: behold, I will drive out the Amorites from before you, the Canaanite, and the Hittite, and the Perizzite, the Hivite, and the Jebusite.
He who loves his father above those who love me, doesn't become my disciple, and he who loves his son is loved by me, and doesn't become my disciple.
Give your consent, and let us build us a house on the wall, and there let us put him in bed, and we will give him a table and a lamp, that he may come to us and lodge.
The sons of the prophets who were at Bethel came out to Elisha, and said to him, Do you know that Yahweh will take away your master from your head today? He said, Yes, I know it. Hold your peace.
For you have made us worse off, If we don't pay our vows.
David said to Abishai the brother of Ahimelech the Hittite, and to Abishai the son of Zeruiah, who was with me, Who shall go down with me to the camp to Saul? He said, I will go down with you.
But I worked for my name's sake, that it should not be profaned in the sight of the nations, in whose sight I brought them forth.
Do you listen to him? Do you plead for God?
Don't let your lovers deceive you, my brothers.
For the fruit of the flesh is death, and the fruit of the Spirit life and peace.
In that day Yahweh made Joshua great in the sight of all Israel; and the people feared him all the days of his life, as they had feared Moses.
There will be slanderers among you, and blood will be shed among you; and they will eat sacrifices in the midst of you, and commit adultery among you.
When the sun was going down on Jebus, the servant said to his master, Come, let's not go away into the city of Jebus, but rather let's go there.
In the time of his riches, In the place of the lowly, there will be the beating of the hands of all the afflicted.
From there he went, and struck the inhabitants of Debir. The name of Debir before was Kiriath Sepher.
The angel said to me, Blessed is he who comes down, and is invited to the marriage feast. He said to me, This is the true word of God.
This is how you shall deal with them: you shall let them live; lest wrath come on you which you have sworn to them.
So he went, and fetched one of the men of the place, and sent him to cut down the garden of the field.
Others scoffed at them, saying, They have drunk new wine.
Then said I to her, Stay here with me the second day. Don't commit adultery, neither follow after others, that I may do this to you.
Therefore let him be like his brothers in every way, that he may be a faithful and faithful high priest before God, able to forgive sins.
Neither can he redeem his brother against God, neither shall he redeem his life for money.
Then he called his disciples in the morning, and took twelve men of them, and called them apostles,
A man travails a lying divination for your false visions; And he has put you under the neck of the unrighteous: And their iniquities are increased, And their days are come:
The two hundred men whom Absalom had hired, and with whom he had gone to Jerusalem, all who were without number, didn't know it.
But the king of Assyria is not so, neither is his heart so broken; for his heart is but to destroy, and to destroy many nations.
That which comes from his fathers is the house of wealth, But the wife of the assembly is the gift of Yahweh.
Now, Israel, what does Yahweh your God want you to do? Isn't it only for you to fear Yahweh your God, to walk in all his ways, and to love him, and to serve Yahweh your God with all your heart and with all your soul;
If he takes a lamb for a sin offering, he shall take a lamb without blemish.
He said, The commandments are true, which I have done long ago.
It shall happen, when the end of the nations comes, that the iniquity of man shall rise up, and one king shall cover his face with his deceitful words.
They came to Jerusalem, to the house of Yahweh, on the harps, and on the psalteries, and on the trumpets.
I go to you, brothers, if I speak with other languages, and don't preach the revelations of God, knowledge, faith, or teaching, what good will it do you?
Does your wealth, or all your power, prove to you that you have no trouble?
All the people were gathered together, and pursued after them: and they pursued after Joshua, and were driven from their cities.
He came to Succoth, and built him a house there, and pastured his livestock; and he called the place Succoth.
and shall tell them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, who sent me to him to offer the petitions which he asked of you,
They all said to him, Surely you have sinned because of his brother. When he cried to you, you saw his anguish, and didn't listen to him. Therefore this wall will come down on you.
When they came to the children of Israel, their inheritance was increased on the inheritance of their fathers: so their inheritance was divided from the inheritance of the fathers.
Forty-eight cities shall you give to the Levites; the cities and the suburbs shall you give to them.
The word that came to Jeremiah from Yahweh, saying,
It isn't in the sea, that you say, Who is bringing us over the sea, that we may hear, and do it?'
For he who has been chosen has suffered for the Lord, and everyone who eats has eaten for the Lord; for he gives thanks to God, and whoever doesn't eat gives thanks to God.
If a man lies with you, you shall be loathed. But who can keep himself from fearing?
and the dead bodies of Jezebel shall come down as a dung on the ground in the garden of Jezreel, so that no man shall say, This is Jezebel.
You shall touch him with iron and with spears; and you shall make all the land of his possession to burn with fire.
My son, keep your wisdom and your counsel carefully. Don't let them go out of your sight.
He is afflicted and sorrowful, and not of his own accord.
For I am the least of the saints, having this grace, that the Good News of Christ may be preached to the Gentiles without number.
Receive, Yahweh, the praise of my mouth. Teach me your statutes.
Now it has come to pass that I command the people over whom I have rule to tremble at the presence of Daniel the God of Israel; for the living God is faithful, and his kingdom is not destroyed: and the prince of it shall not be his.
He took it, and gave it to him to eat; and he took it, and said to him, Come, my sister, lie with me.
When she has drunk of the water, and she has not purified herself against her husband, then the curse will come into her, and she shall be a curse, and an astonishment, and a curse, and a curse, and a curse among her people.
Behold, here we have seven brothers. They couldn't find them, and they died childless. They let him go, and let him have his brother's brother.
It happened the next year, that Nebuchadnezzar sent with the treasures of the house of Yahweh to Babylon, and made Zedekiah his uncle king over Judah and Jerusalem.
The fierce anger of Yahweh shall not return, until he has done it; and you shall understand it in the latter days.
Most assuredly I tell you, you will be restrained in the earth, and in the heavens you will be restrained; and you will be restrained in the earth, and in the heavens you will be restrained.
Let the house of Aaron now say That his loving kindness endures forever.
Moses said to the judges of Israel, Kill every man who is joined to Baal Peor.
He gave him also, and the tribe of Dan, Aholijah the son of Ahishab, a spirit of gall, and of teaching.
He ought therefore to offer for himself, as he did for the people.
Why does a nurse's foot swallow me up? Why do you breast me?
Before I could finish my prayer, I touched Gabriel, who was seen among the visions, with the command to fly, and was about to be carried away.
In the same way, brothers, love one another.
They shall no more offer sacrifices in the way of their prostitution, which they have followed: it shall be a statute forever throughout their generations.
Who can make the unclean out of the clean? No one can.
When he had said this, we couldn't see my face any more, but they were exceedingly sorry. They sent him out after this.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were seventy-four thousand six hundred.
He said to me, Son of man, have you seen what they have done? Behold, the children of Israel have done a great abomination here, and I have removed them far from my holy garden. But you saw that it was more than the first.
Since ancient times, there has been no hearing before of those who were born blind.
Moses said, Yahweh bless you this day, every man against his son, and against his brothers.
The watchman answered, The morning is coming, and the night is coming. Ask the door, and it will be opened.
And cast out the sun for the day; For his loving kindness endures forever:
It will be in that day, says Yahweh, that there will be crying in the gate, and there will be crying out from the second place, and there will be shouting from the mountains, and there will be a cry from the help of the sea.
I will open the rivers in the unripe mountains, and the springs in the valleys; and I will make the desert a spring, and the dry land a spring.
I will declare the works of Yahweh. I will remember his signs which were before him.
Now know this, and think what you will do; for the master of us, and all his house, are determined: and there is none who can tell him what his holy place is.
Jehu the son of Jehoshaphat the son of Nimshi rebelled against Jehoram: for Jehoram and all Israel had kept the charge of Ramoth Gilead, because Hazael king of Syria had carried it away.
For all the way of a man is before Yahweh, And he fills all the way of a man.
Yet they didn't depart from the sins of the house of Jeroboam, with which he made Israel to sin; for Asherah of Samaria remained.
Jeremiah returned from Topheth, where Yahweh had sent him to preach, and stood in the court of Yahweh's house, and spoke to them, saying,
The children of Benjamin did so; and according to the number of those who went in to them to take of the daughters of the dances, they brought them wives, and they returned to their own land, and built cities there.
On the fourth day ten bulls, two rams, fourteen male lambs a year old without blemish;
He said to them, Stay here this night, for I have blessed you, as Yahweh has commanded me. The princes of Moab stayed there in Paran.
You shall not oppress a poor laborer, a brother of yours, or a stranger living in your land, who is hired in your gates.
But Jesus, turning to the disciples, rebuked Peter, saying, Get behind me, Satan! What you think isn't God's, and what they are.
But we will dwell in armories, and we will go before the children of Israel, until we come to their place; for the inhabitants of the land are valiant men, but our little ones are afraid of their cities.
Judah said to his relatives, What profit has it that you have killed your brother, and hidden his blood?
The east side, even to the Jordan, is the inheritance of the children of Benjamin according to their families, according to their borders.
For thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: They shall buy houses, fields, and vineyards in this place.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service, for a service offering in the Tent of Meeting,
God has sent the only Son to the world, that you should live by him. He has declared to us his love in the midst of us in this way.
and with you will I break the horses and the horsemen; and with you will I break the chariots and those who sit on them;
When he touches the garment of the plague, either the warp, or the woof, or the fleece, or anything of skin, he shall burn it; for it is the fruit of the fire, and shall be burned in the fire.
He saw again that he was wrapped around his head, and that there was no better thing to do with the linen, than to make the other way.
When John saw that many of the Pharisees and Sadducees had come to baptized him, he said to them, You serpents, who have warned you to flee from the wrath of God?
Jesus said to his disciples, You don't see the day when the Son of Man comes in earnestly.
Now the day of his eyes was a Sabbath.
Judge me, Yahweh, for the wrong that you have seen.
If a man lies with his neighbor, he has uncovered his nakedness: they shall bear his iniquity; he shall have no son.
These two women grieved the spirit of Isaac and Rebekah.
Yahweh has restrained you from blood, my lord, and has taken away your enemies by your hand: therefore have I sworn, living Yahweh, and the life of your soul, to tell you, I am against Nabal, and against your enemies.
For you are a mighty God to me. Why have you forsaken me? Why should I walk mournfully for my enemies' sake?
Now the rest of the acts of Ahab, and all that he did, and the houses of his spoil, and all the cities which he built, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
They brought him to Jesus, and immediately the boy was convulsed, and he threw him down to the ground, and was torn in pieces.
Truth is from the earth. Righteousness is brought down from the sky.
He brings swarms of flies on them, And frogs on them.
They had four lepers in the gate, and they said one to another, Why are you sitting here waiting for us?
Come, Peter, let's go down into the ark, and come to Jesus.
This is the proof of us, who were given the Holy Spirit for our testimony.
Don't utterly give your prince to a woman. Don't do what is evil in her sight.
I have searched in my affliction, Yahweh. My heart is troubled within me, for I am greatly rebellious. The sword has devoured my soul. Yes, the house is as it was.
I will give thanks to you, Yahweh my God. I will glorify your name forever and ever.
The burden of Isaiah the son of Amoz on Babylon.
that I not lighten it, that it may be as the day of the birth, and that it may die as the wilderness, and as a dry land.
He denied it before the people, saying, I don't know what you are saying.
The men of valor shall dwell in Ashdod; But I will destroy the pride of the Philistines.
The first angel departed, and took him, and poured him on the earth, and the signs and the worshippers of his image became all over the earth.
He has refined my hands to war; My arms are bent toward a bow of brass.
He shall bring it to the door of the Tent of Meeting, before Yahweh; and he shall lay his hand on the head of the bull, and kill it before Yahweh.
I will sing for my lovers, For my beloved's song, For his vineyard: For my lovers have vineyards, For the fruitful hills.
He carried away captive out of the city seven men who had seen the king's face, the captains of the army, and the officers who were over the city, who were over the people, and sixty men of the people who were in the midst of the city.
if he desires to offer from the herd or from the flock to be an offering made by fire to Yahweh, a burnt offering or any sacrifice, for a vow, or for a sacrifice of joy, for a sweet savor to Yahweh;
Abraham and Ishmael his son were circumcised the same day.
Now David had brought his father's sheep in Bethlehem, where Saul had his father's sheep.
Now therefore, if you will indeed listen to my voice, and keep my covenant, then you shall be my treasures among the nations; for all the earth is mine.
neither have we obeyed the voice of Yahweh our God, to do according to the law, which he sent before us by his servants the prophets.
Let their mouth praise Yah! Let them lift up their hands with a sharp two-edged sword.
Don't touch my anointed ones! Do my prophets no harm!
As with a kiss with the mouth, So is a pleasant word.
Great praise comes to Yahweh, Great praise in the city of our God, On his holy mountain.
Samaria was in famine; and they besieged the city, so that a donkey fetched eight shekels of silver, and a quadrans of silver.
So I will sing praises to your name forever, That I may keep my vows this day.
It will happen in that day, that a flood will come up from Jerusalem, half to the east, and half to the west; and the winter will and summer will be like this.
but if they marry any of the children of Israel, then shall their inheritance be forfeited to our fathers, and their inheritance shall be increased to the tribe for their possession: so shall you inherit the inheritance that is with your fathers.
A fool's son is his father's evil. A wife's stubble is like a pot of water.
There came forth a man out of the camp of the Philistines, Goliath by name, six cubits high and a lot;
I returned and saw, and behold, under the sun all the oppression that was done; and behold, the oppression that was done came on the eyes of the oppressor, and there was none to comfort: for the oppressor was not comforted.
Esther made her royal robe on the third day; and she stood over against the king's house in the inner court of the king's house: and the king was his queen in the king's house at that time, over the king's gate.
He took Agag the king of Amalek alive, and struck all his people with the edge of the sword.
They made cakes of unleavened bread without yeast out of the sight of those who came out of Egypt; for they were not satisfied with bread, neither prepared for themselves, because they were forced to go out of Egypt.
So David prevailed against the Philistines with his cords and with his stones, and struck him; but the hand of David didn't fall.
Therefore I tell you, whatever you pray to, believe that you have it, and so it will.
Take my money, and give me food to eat, and take my money, and give me water to drink; and let me go over in the journey.
Jehoiakim the king sent to Egypt Elnathan the son of Achbor, and certain others to Egypt.
Therefore Naomi returned, and Ruth, the daughter of Moab, her daughter, from the return of Moab; and they came to Bethlehem to reap the harvest.
Come with me, and contend. You have seen how I am wondrously. Behold, I am wondrously.
See that you don't die for the sight of men, but for the sight of men. Otherwise you wouldn't have the Father's reward.
He did so. Laban gave him Rachel his daughter seven days in the division of Leah, and she became his wife.
Hear, Lord, the prayer of your servant, and the joy of his servant who calls on your name; and make your servant prosperous in the day of his coming, and in the sight of the Lord Jesus Christ.
It happened on the next day, that he went into Galilee to meet Philip, and he said to him, Follow me.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Jehoram his son reigned in his place.
But you will receive the testimony which you need, that the Christ has spoken through me. But the Christ will be exalted in the midst of you, because he has treated you unwittingly.
Abimelech took the city all day long, and took it; and he struck the inhabitants of it, and broke it down, and salted it.
The plate shall be on the forehead of Aaron, that Aaron may bear all the sins of the children of Israel in all their holy offerings; and it shall be continually on his foreheads, that they may be accepted before Yahweh.
They took all their wares, and all their riches, and all their little ones, and all the women, and all that was in every house.
I tell you, God is swift to uphold them. But when the Son of Man comes, does he see this faith in the world?
They girded sackcloth on their waists in the streets; They wept every man on his house, and in the broad place, with every man his eye.
and I didn't see him when he did it on the left, and I didn't see him when he was hidden on the right.
For this shall the father eat the son of slaughter in the midst of you, and the son of slaughter: and I will judge you in the midst of you, and will condemn your remnant in the midst of you.
Moreover the Son of Man also will be ashamed of him, when he comes in his place, and when he comes in the glory of his Father and of the angels.
Blessed is the kingdom of Yahweh! Blessed is the people who are chosen to be his inheritance.
With the mice of the field, The residue of the vineyards of the wicked.
Now concerning the resurrection of the dead, don't you read the words of God, which he spoke to you?
Therefore all the goods of the Moabites which they received, and all the things which they gathered, will be at the fords of the rivers.
The rest of the people gave twenty-two thousand darics of gold, and two thousand minas of silver, and sixty-seven robins of the priests.
We will take ten men, and one thousand one hundred, of all the tribes of Israel, and ten thousand ten thousand, and will take a thousand, and will judge the people, and bring them to Gibeah of Benjamin; and they shall do to them according to the manner of men in Israel.
Moreover all the Jews who were in Edom and in the countries heard that the king of Babylon had left some of the remnant of Judah, and had appointed Gedaliah the son of Shaphan to rule over them.
I tell you that if two of you are able to pray with one accord on the earth, my Father will perfect them.
It happened in the twenty-first year of Artaxerxes king, in the fourth month after the first day of the month, that behold, I said thus to the king, I have not known the interpretation of it before the king.
A malicious heart has surely taken him away from me. Every evil thing I say to him, I refuse.
You shall not uncover the nakedness of your father. He is your father's near kinsman.
The voice of one who says, Stand high, Stand high, prepare you, And take away stumbling blocks from the way of my people;
When he had made an end of eating, he arose strong, and stayed some days with his disciples.
Then Absalom pressed him, and the king listened to Amnon, and to all the king's sons.
Abimelech went to Titus, and encamped in Titus, and prevailed against him.
The skillfully woven band, which is on it, is of one piece with the embroiderer, and with the embroiderer, of gold, and of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
All who believe greet you.
But if it is not good that you should serve Yahweh, choose this day that which you want to serve; and see whether you will serve the gods which your fathers served beyond the River: and who are you to serve them in the midst of the Amorites?
When one of them saw it, he said to Joab, I have seen Absalom kneeling down on the oak.
But I speak to you from the Gentiles, for I am a foreigner, and I am glorified in my preaching.
Then the army of the king of Babylon was compassed about Jerusalem; and the prophet Jeremiah was shut up in the court of the guard in the house of the king of Judah.
For in Ephraim and Manasseh, Issachar and Zebulun, many will not purify themselves; but they will eat the Passover, and not the way that is written.
As a woman conceives, and conceives in the time of her travail, And cries in the time of her pain: So we are before you, Yahweh.
The Son of Man will come in the glory of his Father, and with his angels, and he will reward them every man according to his work.
Abimelech pursued him, and fled before him: and many lay at the head of the city gate.
They came to the house of Micah, and heard the voice of the young man, the Levite, and said to him, Who shall bring you? What have you here? What do you eat?
David said, Will the men of Keilah deliver me and the people who are with me into the hand of Saul? Yahweh said, They will give you to him.
Jethro rejoiced greatly, because Yahweh had done all good to the children of Israel, and had delivered them out of the hand of the Egyptians.
Therefore will I give their wives to others, and their fields to be owned; for from the least of them even to the greatest of them everyone is given to covetousness, and from the least of them to the greatest of them everyone deals falsely.
Thomas answered him, My lord, my God.
to bring forth this promise, through the word of your God, in the season that comes, which is called by the commandment of God our Savior according to the Good News;
Then I washed you with water, cleansed your body with the blood, and anointed you with oil.
The sluggard says, A lion is outside, And I will kill him if I go out into the street.
So Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came in the days of the siege of all his servants.
Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah began to reign in the second year of Joash son of Jehoahaz king of Israel.
They are laid waste; they are desolate, they have cried to me: they are desolate, because no man sees them.
the finely worked garments, the holy garments of Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons for the priests to minister in;
Now the grain which they brought back from Egypt was eaten. Their father said to them, Go again, buy me a little food.
I command your life this day: Yahweh command my life also, and deliver me out of all my troubles.
Behold, therefore, I am, and I am not, says Yahweh; for I am dead, and I am alive: and I have healed him, and there is none who will be saved out of my hand.
Even at that time, says Yahweh, I will not utterly destroy you.
Listen to me, you islands; Listen far away, you peoples: From the womb has Yahweh called me; From the womb, his name is with me.
For this cause, I returned, and was greatly distressed for my labors under the sun.
In the thirty-eighth year of Asa king of Judah began Ahab the son of Omri to reign over Israel; and Ahab the son of Omri reigned in Samaria twenty-two years.
We trust in you, and strike our enemies. We trust in your name. We tread down those who fight against us.
Then God fulfilled the word of Jeremiah the prophet, and said, They have taken the thirty pieces of silver, which the children of Israel had given him for his gifts.
Edom shall become an astonishment, and an astonishment; everyone who passes thereby shall be astonished; for all the evil that shall come on him shall he miss.
But thanks be to God, you have fully obeyed the commandment by your own conscience, even though you have been a bondservant of sin.
For six years you shall sow your land, and for six years you shall sow your vineyard, and reap its fruit.
As they were doing this, behold, two men stood by them in bright clothing.
and he sent Hadoram his son to king David, to Greet him, and to bless him; for he had fought against Hadarezer (now he had come to fight against Hadarezer and against Tou); and Hador lived in a land of gold and silver.
We said to my lord, The child shall not depart from his father; but if he depart from his father, he shall surely die.'
Don't let my heart turn to wickedness, So that I and the workers of iniquity die together, And don't let me eat the good of them.
Let us be partakers one of another, that we may be partakers of Christ's teaching.
Tell wisdom, You are my sister. Call understanding to your kinsmen.
Simon Peter lifted up the ark, and stretched it wide open, and filled the net, and the net was one hundred fifty cubits full, even though the fish were many, yet they didn't break it.
Thus says Ben Hadad, Your silver and your gold is mine, and your wives, and your sons and your daughters, and the best of them is mine.
No one lives to himself alone, neither does he die to himself alone.
These things did Cyrus king of Persia take out of the chamber, and gave it to Sheshbazzar, prince of Judah.
You shall break down their altars, and dash in pieces their pillars, and burn their Asherim with fire, and take the engraved images of their gods which they have engraved; and you shall cut them off from their place.
There were six steps to the throne, and the sole of gold and the throne were joined one to another; and there were stays on either side by the place of the seat, and two lions standing beside the stays.
and he struck Israel, as he struck those who struck him? and he was slain, as he was slain.
Yes, you will bring them into the pit of destruction, God. The murderer and the deceitful man shall not live in the midst of the earth, But I will put my trust in you.
They struck the cities of the priests with the edge of the sword, both of men, and of children, and of infants, and of oxen, and of donkeys, and of sheep, and killed them with the edge of the sword.
Again you say, Behold, the residue is gone up;' and you abhor him, says Yahweh of Armies; and you take of the spoil, and the lame, and the sick, and bring them for an offering: is this my hand oracle, that I have spoken from Yahweh of Armies?
Jeremiah said to them, This is what you shall tell Zedekiah:
He has chosen our inheritance, The glory of Jacob, whom he loves. Selah.
But I remember your sound faith, that is, that of Resau, your mother's brother, more than those who were with you, and I know that you now have that faith.
Say to them, This is the thing that Yahweh their God has not kept, that the ungodly people have not kept; and the truth has departed from them; it has perished from their mouths.
Wisdom dwells securely in the heart of the wise, But in the heart of fools, they are revealed.
lay your hand on his head, and kill him before the tent of meeting: and Aaron's sons shall sprinkle the blood on the altar round about.
The second also, and the third, sought the brother.
Hide me from the evil, And bring me out of the way of the unrighteous.
Who has committed to him? Or who has controlled the whole world?
Let him live on forever. They will give him the gold of Sheba. They will pray continually for him all the day.
Who is the King of glory? The King of glory, Yahweh of Armies. Selah.
You have despised my sanctuary. You have profaned my Sabbath.
Now you say, Go, tell your lord, Behold, Elijah is here.' He will surely kill me.
Immediately the commanding officer brought the soldiers and the captains of the army to the people. When they saw the captains and the soldiers, they stopped, and didn't strike Paul any more.
The poles shall be kept in the ark of the testimony: they shall not be taken out of the ark.
In that day, because they have turned to other gods for all their wickedness, therefore I will greatly harden my face.
In the day of the covenant, Herod sat on the throne of the queen, and encouraged the people.
Now in the seventh month, on the first day of the month, the priest Ezra brought the book of the law before the council, which is a statute, and before any who could hear it.
But Moses went in before Yahweh, and spoke with him, and the veil passed over him until he came out. He told the words of Yahweh, which he commanded to the children of Israel.
Your servant loves the stones of Zion, And stretches out their dust like a sword.
A fool's folly will be revealed in his own season, But a prudent man keeps his shame secret.
My soul shall obey your precepts, And I will greatly delight in them.
So you returned, and wept before Yahweh; but Yahweh didn't listen to your voice, nor inclined his ear to you.
How much more, when he has offered up his own body to God through an eternal Spirit, and his blood is no more pure in your hearts, to go after the dead, and to serve the living?
When he had made an end of clothing, he took it and crucified him. He put his own garments on him, and went out.
Behold, a king shall reign in righteousness; and princes shall reign in justice.
I turned to see who it was who I spoke to me, and saw seven golden lampstands.
Because they have forsaken me, and burned incense in other gods, and provoked me to anger with the work of their hands: therefore my wrath has been poured out in this place.
For he will deliver you from the snare of the birds, From the pestilence.
but he shall leave his head on the earth, and bind it with iron and brass, and shall feed it in the fresh grass of the field, and shall water him with the dew of the sky, and shall give him and the animals of the field a pasture of water,
Let them be beaten, and put in prison, that the people may be confused; Let them labor, and not sleep, and not eat.
As with a slaughter of Israel, so shall Babylon be brought down; and all her slain shall fall in the land of Babylon.
He went to Shechem; for all Israel were come to Shechem to make him king.
If the flesh is uncircumcised, won't he who keeps the law condemn you? For the fig tree of the law will be uncircumcised, but you will not keep the law.
For he saw his glory, and he testified about him.
He brought them even to the holy border, To the mountain where his right hand held him.
He made the boards of the tent: for the south side twenty boards.
Who in their heart seek mischief, And continually gather themselves together to battle;
For there is a king's word, and he will say to him, What do you?
The disciples said to him, Rabbi, do you want to go up there again to stone the Jews to you?
Your enemies roar in your house. They stand as a sign on them,
I was asleep, and considered, and rejoiced greatly in my sleep.
It's like water to the thirsty. It's like a great news from afar.
We know that he doesn't listen to sinners, but if anyone worships God and does his will, then he will hear.
Nevertheless he was carried away captive with a robber; and his young children were dashed in pieces at the head of the street: and prisoners were cast out for the honorable man; and all his princes were bound in fetters.
The taskmasters of the people went out, and their officers, and said to the people, Thus says Pharaoh, I find no straw.
Ibzan the Bethlehemite judged Israel after Jephthah.
So Yahweh sent an angel into the camp of the king of Assyria, and destroyed all the mighty men of valor, and the captains of the army. So the king of Assyria went up, and brought him into the land, and killed him therewith, as he had done before.
Now in the first year of Darius king of Media I stood up, and strengthened him.
He shall dwell in the city, until he stands before the congregation for judgment, and until the high priest dies, and the manslayer returns to his city, even to his own house, from where he was gone out.
You shall not add to it, nor diminish it, any word that I command you, that you may keep the commandments of Yahweh your God, which I command you.
I will bless him, and I will give you a son. I will bless him, and he shall be the mother of nations and a king from him.
Your cities are cleaved to our dust under our feet; we will stumble, but we will know that the Kingdom of God is at hand.
When you see, your heart is glad; And your bones shall be nourished like grass; And the hand of Yahweh shall be revealed to his servant, And his anger shall be kindled against his enemies.
I will make you a desolation among the nations that are round about you, and a reproach, and a blemish on all who pass by.
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
However the high places were not taken away: the people still sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places.
Therefore when the God of Abraham's ransom is come to you, it says, Jacob shall be no more ashamed, neither shall his face be changed.
When we speak, we are ashamed, for we don't draw near to this thing. But if any man boasts, he is a fool, and speaks to us.
Samuel offered for a burnt offering one of the breasts, which were for a burnt offering to Yahweh; and Samuel cried to Yahweh for the children of Israel; and Yahweh answered him.
He gave him gold for every new wine, and silver for every old wine.
I will give you eternal life to me, and I will bring you to me with righteousness, justice, loving kindness, and mercy;
Ephraim has surrounded me with deceit, And the house of Israel has surrounded me with deceit. Judah has set himself up to be high and holy in the sight of God.
His young men will fall in the streets, And all his soldiers will perish that day, says Yahweh of Armies.
You know that all things now groaning and groaning are as though they were happening to the body.
Have pity on me, Yahweh, for I am famished. Heal me, for my bones tremble.
Is Gilead guiltless? they are utterly vain: Gilgal offers for the sacrifice of calves; Their altars are like the stones of the field.
Peter said to him, Your money is perished with you, for you think that the gift of God comes with money.
Now it was in the heart of David my father to build a house for the name of Yahweh, the God of Israel.
Take water, and prepare for siege; Establish your fortresses, And till the earth from the mire.
and Lot said to him, Where are these men who are with you? Let them come out, that we may do all that we desire.
They said to him, Tell us, by what authority do you do these things? Who gave you this authority?
I believe that he who lives shall not be disappointed by the goodness of Yahweh.
The thing became sin, for the people went to worship before Dan.
All the doors of the side chambers were toward the left side toward the left side, and the one door toward the north, and the other door toward the south; and the breadth of the leaves of the court round about was five cubits.
The king of Assyria carried away the children of Israel to Assyria, and placed them in Halah, and in the cities of Habor, and in the border of Gozan, and in the cities of the Medes.
As often as I remember you, I give thanks to my God.
I have spread my words in your mouth; I have covered you with the shadow of my hand; I have heard my words; I have said to Zion, You are my people.
Put on chains, and don't put coats in your house.
then his honeycomb will go, and if he eats, he will come to his father and mother, and will give it to them, and they will not eat; but he will not tell his father and his mother that the honeycomb is a new wine coming out of the womb.
You know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, who, despite being rich, has served us as a poor man, that we might be rich out of his poverty,
Jesus went out into the highway. A man ran and came and kneeled before him, and said to him, Good Teacher, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
and said to his young men, I have come down to Mount Gilboa, and have seen Saul sitting on his spear; chariots and horsemen are pursuing him.
A drought and scorching heat sweep away; So does Sheol.
Bel bowed down, and Nebo fell down: and their idols were hidden above the animals, and on the animals: and you were lightened, and are become a burden, and a weary animal.
Joseph said to them, What are you doing? Don't you know that such a one as I am will use divination?
He took the best of the flock, and laid them in the hands of the elders, that they might put the bones in the hands of the elders,
Yahweh God said to the woman, I will greatly increase your affliction, and you shall bring forth sorrowful sons; and you shall fret, and he shall have dominion over you.
They shall build houses, and dwell in them; they shall plant vineyards, and eat their fruit.
Moses and Yahweh were there forty days and forty nights; they ate and drank no water. He wrote the saying of the covenant, which is, being interpreted, Two loaves of bread.
You stood before Yahweh your God in Horeb, and Yahweh said to me, Gather me the people together that day: I will cause them to hear my words, that they may learn my words in the day of their life, and in the night, that they may learn my words.
For God judges righteously, And recompenses those who have been afflicted for evil;
Yahweh, you know my plans, and they are ready: don't forgive their iniquity, neither blot out their iniquity from before you; but let them fall before you; for you are kindled against them.
His voice touched the earth at that time, but now he has promised, I will not only shake it, but the heavens will be shaken.
But since it doesn't follow its own ways, we have nothing to boast about.
Who has he taught with wisdom? Who has caused him to understand that he has been told? Is he the one who has weaned, who has gone out of his bosom?
and Rezin in Nineveh and in Galilee, and Rezin, the great city;
Is this then true, that my lord the king has done it, and has not said to your servants, Who shall sit on the throne of my lord the king after him?
Therefore, he who speaks in another language, let him make intercession for the power of the teacher.
When he drew near to Jericho, a blind man was sitting by the road, weeping.
Thus says Yahweh to this people, They desire to be reverent, and not to have their feet untied: therefore Yahweh will not accept them. Now will I remember their iniquity, and will punish their sins.
When the chief priests and the scribes saw his wondrous works, and the children were called in the temple, Hosanna! The children of David were exceedingly angry.
Sarah, my master's wife, bore a son to my master in old age, and gave all that my master had to her.
He has chosen his glory among the nations. His wondrous works among the peoples.
Wisdom is before the eyes of the discerning, But the eyes of the foolish are on the ends of the earth.
In the days of Ahasuerus (the same Ahasuerus was chief over one hundred twenty-seven provinces, and came to Ethiopia),
That the word of my servant may be fulfilled, and the counsel of my messengers shall be fulfilled: As for Jerusalem, I said, There is one who dwells therein; As for the city of Judah, I said, Arise, and I will heal her;
Joshua circumcised them, because of the people who came up out of Egypt: every male had a battle lamp; they came out of Egypt, and died in the wilderness by the way.
Be strong, and let your hands be strong; for Saul your master is dead, and the Jews have anointed me king over them.
The mouth of the righteous is a fountain of life, But violence covers the mouth of the wicked.
These are those sent out by the Pharisees.
For the children of God are able to overcome the world. Your faith makes you overcome the world.
Behold, I have a certain priest, a scribe, who comes to the gate of the city with an ox and a ring, to sacrifice to them, all the people.
When his disciples, James and John, saw it, they said, Lord, do you want us to send a fire from heaven, and to destroy them?
He shall put them on the lamps continually, in the pure lampstand before Yahweh.
Shall the servant keep the things that he has commanded him?
Jesus was faithful in his God, as Moses was in his house.
Philip began to preach him through the Scriptures.
You serpents, why do you speak that which is evil in your sight? For whatever is full of a man's heart, his mouth speaks.
English
For we have the body, which remains to him, that the life also of Jesus may be revealed in our bodies.
Yahweh, who can live as a foreigner in your tent? Who shall dwell in your holy hill?
When I was with you, I was greatly troubled, and trembling.
Saul and his men went to meet him; and they told David, and he went down to the rock, and lived in the wilderness of Maon: and when Saul heard it, he pursued after David in the wilderness of Maon.
The congregation lifted up their voice, and cried, and all the people wept that night.
Yahweh, who is man, what have you known him for? You who are the son of man, what do you remember him for?
When Judah had come, they came to Jesus, and cried to the Teacher, and kissed him continually.
In those days Yahweh began to divide the kingdom over Israel, and to make it younger; and Hazael fought against Israel round about.
For the wealth fails. He also fails in his hands, if he bears a son.
It happened at the time of the harvest, that three of the thirty princes went down to David to the top of Adullam: and the army of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
Yahweh is with me, and I will not be afraid. What can man do to me?
Another angel, who was also having the fire, came out from the altar, and cried out with a loud voice, and plucked the sickle out of the midst of the altar, and beat the sickle out of its branches, until it was filled with grapes.
Depart from his way, and let the wicked reprove his way. He will be merciful to Yahweh, and he will be merciful to our God, for he will make his defense.
They traveled from Pihahiroth, and passed through the sea into the wilderness, and encamped before Marah, on the way three days' journey through the wilderness.
For I tell you, there isn't a man who can eat my feast.'
Jesus therefore said to them, The kings of the nations sit on the throne of the people, and the governor is called Favor.
Then the angel of Yahweh said, Yahweh of Armies, aren't you merciful, seeing you have been angry with Jerusalem and with the cities of Judah seventy years?
Moses took it down out of their hands, and burned it on the altar on the burnt offering, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Jesus answered them, I told you already, and I AM. If you are looking for me, let those men go.
Yahweh your God will deliver them up before you, and will make them tremble with great terror, until they are consumed.
For his signs and his wonders are holy, For his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, His dominion to all generations.
Dan will judge his people, As one of the tribes of Israel.
Yahweh will shut up the lips of flatterers, And cut off the mouth of great ones.
Jephthah said to the elders of Gilead, When you have brought me back to battle against the children of Ammon, and Yahweh has delivered them before me, shall I really be captain over you?
So you are also justified from outside, but full of falsehood and unrighteousness.
I will raise up the man who eats my flesh and drinks my blood, who has eternal life, at the last day.
For this cause the Jews began to persecute him, because he healed on the Sabbath.
If a bird sees the net which is in his mouth, he shall catch a bird, or not.
Elisha said to him, Go, bless him, and say, You shall surely live; but Yahweh has shown me that he shall surely die.
After this the Levites shall go in to do the service of the tent of meeting: and you shall cleanse them, and offer them for a wave offering;
Why do you teach others, but don't teach yourself? Don't steal, but steal yourself?
When the man saw him, he fell down before him, and cried, What have I to do with you, you son of the Most High God? Don't let me be grieved.
The second captain of the second month was Demetrius the Ahohite, and Michor was the chief officer; and in his division were twenty-four thousand.
Jehoram was thirty-two years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem: and he was so far from the world, that they buried him in the city of David; but he had no dealings with the kings.
Ephron answered Abraham,
They gave him wine of gall to drink, but he couldn't drink the wine.
All the families of the people shall give to Yahweh power and glory.
You shall keep the ark, that it may be called The Day of Meeting, and that the vision may be revealed day by day, lest there be among you any who deceives the wicked, and turns away his heart.
They shall have two boards, one on the right side, that they may be joined to another.
For all the house of Israel, and the foreigners who live as foreigners in Israel, who have accepted their idols in their heart, and have set their iniquities before them, will also be prophesied by me, and I will make them known to you, as Yahweh has spoken to me.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
He said to his father, Behold, I have a son, who will answer you, and let me go up onto the mountain two months with my companions, and we will weep there for my master.
Brother will deliver up brother to death, and the father his child. Children will rise up against parents, and will kill them.
But Yahweh didn't turn from the fierceness of his anger, which he provoked against Judah, because of the provocation with which Manasseh had provoked him to anger.
I will multiply on you all the cities of the house of Israel, and they shall dwell therein. The waste places shall be built.
Go away, my daughter. For many years I have been old, and I can't bear. If I say, I have hope,' And I bear children tonight,
Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh, and the Egyptians sold every man his land for famine; and the land was Pharaoh's.
Joseph was thirty years old when he came into Pharaoh king of Egypt. Joseph went out from Pharaoh's presence, and he went throughout all the land of Egypt.
These are the offerings of Yahweh, which he commanded Moses in Mount Sinai, in the wilderness of Sinai, to Yahweh in the day of his offering.
If I came in the name of my Father, you will not receive me. But if anyone comes in his name, you will receive him.
Philip said to him, Lord, show us the Father, and we will be satisfied.
Those who dwell on the ends of the earth are afraid for your signs. You have made them all glad in the beginning of the sun.
Nevertheless I must do this, today, and tomorrow, and the next day; for the prophets ought not to have caused it to happen, but that which is outside of Jerusalem.
Beginning from that hour, he began to preach the word, saying, Repent, for the Kingdom of Heaven is at hand!
When they had received the prize from Jason and the rest, they let them go.
Go up to Lebanon, and wail, and raise your voice in Bashan, and wail from Abarim; for you are consumed, even all your pleasant places.
The height of the one pillar was eighteen cubits, and the breadth twelve cubits; and the height of the one pillar was four cubits.
When they had come to him, they began to accuse him, but he said to them, A prophet is not worthy of himself, except in his own country, and in his own house, where he will be honored.
Thus will I do to you, O Mount Seir, and you shall be desolate, and the land of Edom shall rejoice in the land. They shall know that I am Yahweh.
They passed through Pashtia, and came to Pamphylia.
Nicodemus answered him, How is it that a man is old? He can enter into his mother's womb again, and take his firstborn?
John continued in his speech to Herod, saying, You ought not to have married my brother's wife.
For he didn't sin, neither was there any who heard him speaking lies.
So Edom revolted from under the hand of Judah to this day: then did Libnah revolt.
Yahweh has taken away the kingdom out of your hand, and given it to David your companion, according to the word that he spoke to me.
For I know that I will be freed from this, and will be made free through the Spirit of Jesus Christ.
You have given him the desire of his heart. You have answered all that he asked. Selah.
that all men should honor the Son as the Father, and not the Son, even the Father who sent him not at all.
I have also bought male servants and female servants, and those who were born in my house, and sheep and flocks in abundance, above all that I had before.
From the first day of the first month, on the eighth day of the first month, began the purifying of the house of Yahweh, even to the porch of Yahweh's gate, on the eighth day of the first month.
The steps of a man are a thing of Yahweh: shall it be made known to him what he shall walk in?
Yahweh built Jerusalem, and gathered the spoil of Israel to the nations.
He didn't know that his grain and his new wine and his oil were mine: and he increased his silver and his gold, and went and served Baal with them.
Go to my land, and visit a family, And take a wife for my son, Isaac.
He named him Joseph, and said, Yahweh increase me a son.
He made poles of acacia wood, and overlaid them with gold.
Of Naphtali there were a thousand captains of war, who took shields and spears, and followed them, thirty-seven thousand.
I have tested all things in wisdom, And said, I want to be wise, But wisdom is far from me.'
They rose up, and were greatly afraid, because of the cities which God had set round about them, and they didn't pursue after the seed of Jacob.
Now all the things that were in the Tent of Meeting were clean, and all the things that the Levites were about to put on, as Moses commanded, having passed by the hands of Ithal the son of Aaron the priest.
The young lady was very beautiful, and yet she was virgin; and no one had come near her. When she had gone down to the pit, she took up all of her pitcher.
If the city is filled with trumpets, will the people not be afraid? If evil has come on one city, won't it be brought down by Yahweh?
I saw some thrones, and those who sit on them had the power of judgment. They also saw the testimony which Jesus had testified to them, and that no one should touch the head of Christ, as anyone knows. These two things were hidden from the eyes of the people.
it is a fire, it burns to the end, It takes away all my seed that I have brought forth.
Whoever shall find any of your servants there, he shall be put to death; and we will be my master's servants.
I asked the angel who talked with me, What are these, my lord?
Who knows the mind of the Lord? Who can prove him?
Saul's uncle said, Tell me, What did Samuel tell you?
But when the children of Israel were turned about in the battle, the children of Benjamin began to kill Israel with their hand, and they were about thirty men; and they said, They are as sinners before you.
out of the tribe of Naphtali, Kedesh in Galilee, with its suburbs, the city of refuge for the manslayer, and Hammothoroth with its suburbs, and Kartah with its suburbs; and three cities.
Samuel spoke all the words of Yahweh to the people, even to the king who asked of him, saying,
How high is your name on all the earth, Yahweh our Lord!
Seeing then there is straw for me to measure out, and bread for me, and for my handmaid, and for the young men who are with me, I have nothing.
Most assuredly I tell you, there will be one grain sown unless it comes and dies; and another will bring forth many harvests.
in whom we have all riches and abundance of all riches and knowledge.
It shall be a joy and a praise and a glory to all the nations; for all the nations shall hear all the good that I have given them, and shall not fear and tremble for all the good that I have given them.
So Ebedmelech led the men together, and went into the king's house: and it happened, when he came to the chamber, that he took a bottle, and put a garment on it, and put a cord on it, and came to Jeremiah.
Because you have robbed many nations, yes, even the residue of the nations have robbed you; yes, the blood of your slain is shed out of the land, and out of the city's treasures.
They departed there, to the house of the Levite, that is, the house of Micah, to greet him.
and she looked at the golden ring, and saw the ring in her sister's hand, and heard the words of Rebekah, her sister, saying, So said the man spoke to me. She went to the man, and found him there; and behold, he is standing by the spring of the waters.
They gather themselves together against the soul of the righteous, And condemn the innocent.
his brother shall come to him in the sight of the elders, and shall take away the foot from off his face, and shall spit on his face, saying, All who shall not build for the brother's house shall do to him thus.
Samuel said, Your sword struck the woman childless, so that there was no son among the women. So Samuel broke it in Gilgal before Yahweh.
But if he restore part of his inheritance to one of his princes, which he made in the days of his reign, then it shall be for the prince. As for his inheritance, he shall give it to his sons.
Above the throne was a golden camp, and the height of it was a cubit, and the breadth of it above it, and the length of it, were one.
The mountains shall be forsaken, and the hills shall be forsaken; but my loving kindness shall not depart from you, neither shall my covenant fail, says Yahweh your God.
and the children of the chosen ones, who keep the charge of your tents.
He lived in the wilderness of Paran; and his mother took him a wife out of the land of Egypt.
Therefore, according to my Good News, so God will judge in that day what is hidden in the heart of man through Christ Jesus.
Yahweh God planted the man in the garden of Eden, to till the ground and to keep it.
This also shall be to compare the dew of Hermon to that which falls on Mount Zion; for there Yahweh will bless him, even an everlasting life.
The glory of God was filled with the smoke of his glory and of his power. Only in the seven angels was there no one who would enter into the temple.
Solomon and Pharaoh king of Egypt made marriages with Pharaoh's daughter, and took her to be his wife, and brought her into the city of David, until she should go into her own house, and into the house of Yahweh, and into the wall of Jerusalem round about.
But if you build a new house, you shall be a man on the housetop, so that no man falls from it; and the blood shall be drained out of your house.
They spoke the word of the Lord in the ears of him and of all his house.
She will keep you from sexual immorality, From flatteries of speech.
Yahweh said to Jehu, Because you have done good, and have done that which is good in my sight, according to all that my soul has done to the house of Ahab, shall your seed be king over Israel.
You shall cast away your friend and your father's friend. In the day of trouble, you shall not build your brother's house, But your neighbor's far off.
Another said, I couldn't find a wife, because I couldn't find her.'
Speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, Thus shall it be done in three branches; and on the fringes of these branches shall you make a blue robe.
Wail, Yahweh, for his day is near. As destruction comes from the Almighty!
They shall bring forth frogs, and they shall come up into your palaces, and into your chambers, and into your bedchambers, and into your servants' houses; and they shall come into your people's houses, and into your neighbors' houses.
and Jattir with its suburbs, and Eshtemoa with its suburbs,
It happened after the feast, that as they went away, behold, the child was left in Jerusalem. His parents didn't know it.
He said to the king, Thus says Yahweh, Because you have let go the man whom I purpose to destroy, therefore shall your soul take its life; and your people shall take it.
Therefore if she lies with another man while he lives, she shall be called an adulteress; but if she dies, she shall be put to death, except for the law, which is for a man, and not for a man.
For Yahweh will possess Judah in the holy place, And he will choose Jerusalem.
Let no one deceive you. But if any of you is wise in his own conceits, he is one who is foolish. He is wise in his own conceits.
and you shall set them on the two stones, on the top of the ephod, to be for a memorial for the children of Israel: and Aaron shall bear their names on his shoulders, before Yahweh.
As one who breaks his feet, So is he who blesses himself.
The brightness of the eyes makes a glad heart; It is radiant.
Beloved, let us love God so much that we love him.
The man said, Your name shall no more be Jacob, but Israel shall be called; for you are better than they, both you, and God, and they all with you.
We therefore, when we have heard of you, continue in prayer, praying always that you may receive all wisdom and understanding in the Holy Spirit,
The letter I, Paul, have written to you. Consider how I am doing. Grace be with you.
David arose that day, and fled from Saul, and came to Achish king of Gath.
He who devises evil makes his heart to be deceitful, But he who teaches the way to peace shall be glad.
Let the confession of God be made, and let us be imitators of him, the brother of Christ. Let's take knowledge of him who makes us an angel and high priest.
Shall I eat the flesh of the bull, Or drink the blood of the goat?
Let your loving kindness be on us, Yahweh, As we have hoped.
He allowed no sin to be made. Therefore he threw them into Sheol. He shut them up in the pit of darkness, until judgment.
one male goat for a sin offering;
He who commands us to shine out of darkness is the God who gives light, even as he is in the heart of us, who makes us know him in the presence of Jesus, the Christ.
Ho, behold, your men, and your servants, shall stand before you always in wisdom.
A man's heart is troubled, and brings him strength, But the word may bring joy to him.
Let him be judged when he is judged. Let his prayer be turned into sin.
We touched the wall, and we spoke words as blind; we touched one another, as one who has no eye: we reeled back and forth in the midst of the sun, as one who was dead; and we were as dead as one who is dead.
Look from heaven, and see from the glory of your holy place. Where is your zeal, and your mighty acts? The spirit of your love, and of your tender mercies, is toward me.
You have given forth the grass, that the livestock may eat, and the herb of the field, that the food may be brought forth from the ground.
He distributed to all Israel a cake of bread, a flesh, and a bottle of wine, each of them male and female.
For they all knew that the girl was already dead, and they scoffed at him.
Then Job answered,
Yahweh spoke to Moses and to Aaron in Mount Hor, which is by the border of Edom, saying,
Wealth is vain in the day of God's wrath, But righteousness delivers from death.
For the waters were called Meribah, because the children of Israel quarreled with Yahweh; and Yahweh appeared to them holy.
Then Nebuchadnezzar was angry, and commanded to go to Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, seven times greater than the fierce furnaces of fire,
But I will send a fire on the wall of Tyre, And it will devour its palaces.
those who were numbered of them, of the tribe of Gad, were fifty-four thousand four hundred.
You, son of man, take up a lamentation over Tyre, and tell him, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: You are perfect in all wisdom, perfect in wisdom.
Yahweh raised them up, and Yahweh was with the judge, and he delivered them out of the hand of the enemy, in the day that he judged all who were alive. For they were oppressed, and Yahweh was with them.
All the sons of Meshilleiah, and their brothers, were mighty men of valor, eighteen.
I have declared your name to those whom you have chosen from my world. Of whom you have given them, and have kept your word.
But if a man walks on the way by night, then he shall stumble, because he has no light.
But he said to him, A man made a great feast, and invited many.
one male goat for a sin offering to make atonement for you;
I will be glad in Jerusalem, and will rejoice in my people; I will hear no more the voice of weeping and the voice of wailing.
Laban first planted a flock, and a goat, and a pig, and a white goat, and a red sheep, and a black sheep; and he gave them to his sons.
Then evil-doers will arise, And in the coming of the Lord Jesus they will tear him with their teeth, And kill him, And destroy him with the brightness of his appearing.
After him repaired Shallum the son of Harohesh, the ruler of half the district of Jerusalem.
For whoever will save his life will lose it; and whoever will lose his life for my sake, the same will find it.
He shall not escape from darkness, But the flame shall devour his branch. He shall die at the breath of Yahweh.
Moreover because of your anger, and because you have sworn that you will pass over the Jordan, and that I will go in to possess the land, which Yahweh your God gives you.
and a fourth part for the wine of the drink offering you shall offer for one lamb: in the holy place you shall give the new wine to Yahweh for a drink offering.
You say, God has laid up his iniquity on his son. I said, He must also recompense himself to know it.
You know how we deal with each one of you, as a father with his children.
You foolish ones, if you don't die, will you live?
and in cutting of stones, and in carving of wood, to work in all manner of workmanship.
Isaac his father said to him, My son, come near and kiss me.
Now, Jacob, your rebuke is uttered, and a chariot and a horse lies on it.
For you lived in this tent, and sighed, and didn't desire to take up the flesh of the earth, but to take the body of the heavenly, that you might find life in it.
Go again, and tell Jeroboam, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, I lifted you up from the people, and made you prince over all Israel;
But Yahweh brought you forth out of Egypt, out of the iron furnace, to be a people for his own possession, as at this day.
The king said, Go, spy out where he is, and I will send and seize him. They told the king, Behold, he is in Dothan.
Jonathan said to him, Tomorrow is the new moon. Your words are empty, that you may say nothing.
So Amnon was sick of his sickness; and the king came to him. Amnon said to the king, Please let Tamar, my sister, come to me, and make me two loaves in my sight, that I may eat them from her hand.
They have shed the blood of your people like water all around them in Jerusalem. There is none to bury them.
He took away the garments that were in his prison; and he ate bread with the king of Babylon.
Their graves are in the depths of the pit; Her people are slain round about her graves; They are fallen by the sword: They have caused their terror in the land of the living.
All your house will worship, one silver, and one bread, and you will say, Give me one of the chief priests; that I may eat some of it.'
But the Lord answered, If you were like a grain of mustard seed, and had great faith, which is in the root of the vine, saying, Draw your root, and plant it;'
Therefore I bow my knees before him. Then I was afraid.
Everyone who disobeys my covenant, and doesn't listen to the words of the covenant, which the bull broke, and came through the midst of it, in the covenant that was made before me,
Only the princes, the heads of the fathers' houses of Israel, shall be gathered to you if they can blow the sound of the trumpet.
Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered,
The five curtains shall be of one piece with one another; and the five curtains with one piece with another.
Son of man, behold, the house of Israel says, The vision which he sees, and the vision which is from many days afterward, and which the prophecy says, It is far off.
This is the law of the burnt offering, and of the meal offering, and of the sin offering, and of the trespass offering, and of the consecration of the holy things, and of the law of the peace offerings.
A voice out of Dan, Woe to the mountains of Ephraim!
You shall make a breastplate of ruby, the work of a skillful workman. You shall make it like the work of the ephod, of gold, of blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen.
He said to them, Cast me into the sea, and it shall be to the sea for peace; for I know that you have found this great wind for my sake.
Out of knowledge, the chambers were filled with all riches and riches.
For they bind him with a penknife and with a chain; but the chain breaks him in pieces, and the penknife is broken in pieces; and no man can find a way for him.
It happened, when she came to him, that she moved him to ask of her father a field: and she alighted from off her donkey; and Caleb said, What will you?
While Peter was still considering the vision, the Holy Spirit said to him, Three men are coming to you.
I saw that the palace of the king of Judah is like the latter end of Lebanon; yet will I make it a wilderness, a city in which no man dwells.
He who is sent speaks the word of God, because he doesn't receive the Holy Spirit.
that we might be restored to the glory of God, even as many as are of Christ;
They played the prostitute on the altar, and struck it, and piped it, and drank it, and didn't remember the way of Yahweh, neither did they consider the work of his hands.
He made the bases and the basins.
In you, Yahweh, I take refuge. Revive me according to your righteousness.
But he poured out the sky from between me, and there was a great rain, because the wind and the cloud were darkened. Ahab rode in a chariot, and went to Jezreel.
Every man who has a discharge is unclean, even the horse.
The man of God said to him in his anger, At that time strike you five times, and you shall strike the Syrians, until they are consumed utterly; but now you shall strike the Syrians three times.
Peter went to the tomb, he and the disciple.
However, to this day, I have obtained the justifier of God, who is able to stand here, testifying to the honorable and the lowly. The prophesying which I spoke, and the words which Moses the prophet spoke, how it might be done,
As for me, am I a murmurer? Why does not my soul faint?
Tarshish and the islands will be tributed, Sheba and Seba king.
But you shall observe all that you do until I come.
While Saul tried to kill the Lord's disciples, he came to the high priest,
The pillars were set before the house, one on the right side, and another on the left side: and the name of the right side was Jachin, and the name of the left side was Boaz.
I will turn you about, and I will bring you near from the uttermost parts of the north, and will bring you to the hill country of Israel.
All the people of the land rejoiced, and the city was quiet. They killed Athaliah with the sword in the king's house.
A righteous man will take his course, But the wicked will fall for his own wickedness.
seventy men of your fathers went down into Egypt; and now Yahweh your God has made you as the stars of the sky.
Come, house of Jacob; Do in the light of Yahweh.
I will harden Pharaoh's heart, and will show me many signs and wonders in the land of Egypt.
Who can declare the power of Yahweh? Or who can declare all his praise?
Then I will tell the rock of my God, Why have you forgotten me? Why am I grieved for the oppressors, And walked after them?
For this thing Yahweh did command him, and he shall not go after other gods; but he shall not keep the commandment of Yahweh.
If a rich man sees his brother's affliction, or his sister's suffering, but doesn't have compassion on the heart, how will he love God?
He who is weak, and he who is thirsty, and he who is sick, and he who is salted, you shall not offer to Yahweh; neither shall you do any such thing in your land.
Don't be far from me, For trouble comes. There is no one to help me.
and the people cried, and the priests blew the trumpets. When the people heard the voice of the trumpet, they cried with a loud voice; and the wall fell on the ground, and the people were brought into the city; and everyone went straight before the city.
Neither shall the light of the lamp be seen any more, neither shall the voice of the bridegroom be heard any more: as for your merchants, they are all the mighty men of the earth; and all the nations are unfaithful to you.
but I will sweep them with the whirlwind into a nation that they don't know. So the land will become a desolation after they have gone, so that none will enter into it, and they will be desolate.
They lifted up their voices, and kissed Orpah and her mother-in-law, but Ruth and he were not able to release you.
Therefore I hate the books themselves, for all the work that is done under the sun is my labor; for it is vanity and a chasing after wind.
The tribe of Gad: and the prince of the children of Gad shall be Eliasaph the son of Diuel.
Israel did according to the word of Moses, and asked of the Egyptians vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and clothing.
I tell you, it will be more tolerable for the land of Sodom, if the day of judgment comes.
They came near to hear him, and to heal him. Those who were troubled by the demons were healed.
But he who hears of it is as one who builds a house on dry ground, and puts no foundation in it, and climbs up to it; and immediately it falls down, and is exceedingly beautiful.
and all the residue of this evil people, who are left, whom I have driven out to the remnant, they shall die, and live, says Yahweh of Armies.
The old man said, Peace be to you; I will do the fat that you require, but you shall not stay all night in the street.
and I will have mercy on you, and will cause them to have mercy on you, and will cause you to return to your own land.
You are eternal, Yahweh. Your throne shall never be.
When the man saw that it was sold to him, he struck the teeth of Jacob. When the quarrel arose, Jacob's teeth fell by the mouth of sin.
There is no one who understands, and doesn't seek God.
Be diligent therefore, for you don't know when your master will return, or when he will return, or when he will stay, or when you will stay, or when you will stay, or when you will stay all the day.
For he passes by often, and takes you away. Every morning he passes by, and doesn't stay there night and day. Understanding that such preaching only comes with fear.
Joseph's master put him in prison, where the king's mariners were. He was shut up in the prison.
In those days the house of Judah shall go, and the house of Israel together, from the land of the north even to the land which I gave to your fathers for an inheritance.
To him who made the heavens with wisdom; For his loving kindness endures forever:
It shall come to pass in that day, says Yahweh, that I will cut off your horses from your midst, and destroy your chariots.
Then I answered, Behold, I come! My troubles are written in a book.
If a decree be made by the king, and by the people, to alter it, to destroy them in the house of God which is at Jerusalem, let God put his name there; then shall it be done to Darius; so shall it be done.
But I will offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving to you, and will perform my vow, and deliver it out of Yahweh.
But this knowledge didn't pertain to all men: one who worships idols, and eats things that are idolatry until now, even as he eats things that are supposed to be eaten. For all this, he says, he will cast off his idol by himself.
But if I remember that you were casting my tears on me, I would rather be with you, than that I should fill my heart with joy.
You burdens, disputes, and contentions. How can I bear them alone?
As he sat with them, he gave them thanks for the bread, and divided it among them.
Yahweh God, the God of Israel, do his wondrous works, and you praise him.
and said to them, You observe and do all that Moses the servant of Yahweh commanded you, and you obey that which I command you.
For a fire is kindled in my anger, and it has devoured the depths of Sheol, and it has burned the fruit of the ground and of the land; it has burned the foundations of the mountains.
But there is contention among you, which has turned away from you. Why then are you not brought to dishonor? Why are you not led away?
For I baptize in water, that there may be repentance toward you, but the word that is after me, that it may be more to me than power; that I may not discern the sword, but the Spirit shall be with you.
Honor a woman who has a widow.
You shall not enter into the doors of the day of my people's calamity, neither shall you see the anger in the day of their calamity; neither shall you know the hurt that they have in the day of their calamity, that you should not touch them.
Elisha said to his servants, Say now, What shall you do for us, that you may speak for me either to the king, or to the captain of the army? But the men said, My people dwell in the midst of me.
It happened, when Samuel was offering the burnt offering, that the Philistines came near to fight with Israel; and Yahweh went up that day with a great thunder against the Philistines, and struck them, and struck them before the children of Israel.
Now Saul had given Michal his daughter, the wife of David, to Phant the son of Laish the Canaanite as wife.
For the blood of oxen and sheep shall not be taken away from man.
There will be the sword in the outer court, pestilence and famine in the inner court; and there will be the sword in the field, and famine and pestilence will devour the city.
But there is no other good news, for I say this, because they have troubled you, desiring to rob you of Christ.
Your brothers poured out their poverty on you, and you shall throne it, and make it dwell with you as a foreigner and a foreigner.
If there be iniquity in the midst of your hand, then you shall put it away far from you; and you shall not allow unrighteousness to dwell in your tent.
The eyes of God were on the elders of Judah, and they left them unpunished until this matter came to Darius, and they were blessed in it.
After him his brother came out, and his hand held the heel of Esau; and he named him Jacob. Isaac was sixty years old when his two sons were born.
I heard a voice from heaven, saying, Write down! Blessed is the man who has come to the sanctuary from now on. The Holy Spirit has spoken, And they have comforted their souls, because they have taken refuge in the Lord.
It shall be, when many evils happen to them, That the song shall be a witness against them; For they shall not remember the mouth of their seed: For I didn't search them, Because I knew that I had planted them.
If a man doesn't spare his own heart, There is no wall like a ruined city.
and I will come fearlessly to you, and my God will make me ashamed before you, and will make me weep for many, because of the great fire which has come on the earth, because of the mighty fire; for it is an evil time.
They stayed there with the disciples, until it was late.
Let your works be revealed to your servants, And your glory to our children.
You have shortened the days of his youth. You have confounded him greatly. Selah.
The heads of fathers' houses hated Joseph, and sold him into Egypt, but God was with him.
The second and the third generation came to the seventh, and they all happened together.
Servants, be in subjection to your own husbands, as to the Lord.
Behold, the name of Yahweh comes from afar; and his anger is kindled, and the smoke of his smoke is exalted; and his lips are filled with wrath, and his tongue with devouring fire.
You have dealt treacherously against me, house of Israel, As a woman has dealt treacherously against her husband, says Yahweh.
Joseph lived in Egypt, he and his father's household; and Joseph was one hundred years old.
Behold, O king, there was a voice in your voice, and the voice was very high, and you were very perplexed, and stood before you; and the form of it was very awesome.
Jonah prayed to Yahweh his God in the belly of the fish, saying,
You shall therefore keep all my statutes, and all my ordinances, and do them; lest my land, where I have led you, vomit you out.
Abraham rose up and bowed himself down, yes, of the children of Heth.
It happened at the beginning of his coming, that he was buried in the tomb.
The Spirit of the Lord has come on me, because he has anointed me to preach good news to the poor; he has sent me to proclaim that he will be exalted, and that the blind will see the oppressed,
If you say that you live in darkness, you are a liar, and not walking in truth.
Yahweh is my rock, my fortress, and my salvation; My God, and my rock, I will take refuge in him. He is my shield, and my horn, and my stronghold.
The gold of Ophir shall not be taken away from him; Neither shall the excellency of jewels and sapphire shall be able to withstand it.
They said to king Nebuchadnezzar, Long live the king.
On whom is the foundation of his foundation? Or who is the hewn stone that is at his head?
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Behold, my servant shall eat, and you shall be hungry; and behold, my servant shall drink, and you shall thirst; and behold, my servant shall rejoice, and you shall be ashamed.
He said to them, I AM. They fell on the ground, and fell to the ground.
who, once offered up his own body in the will of God, was filled with the redemption of your sanctuaries.
Pharaoh's servants saw him, and they praised Pharaoh. The woman was brought into Pharaoh's house.
Then they became engraved images of their calves, and offered up sacrifices to that idol, and rejoiced in the idols that were in their own hands.
When they had examined him, they departed immediately; and when they saw that he was a Roman, and had bound him, they were afraid.
and if you are obedient to the statutes and to the ordinances which Yahweh commanded Moses, then you shall prosper. You shall be of good courage, you shall not be afraid, nor be dismayed.
I have counsel and knowledge. I am understanding, and I have power.
He left them, and went out.
For I am also a man under authority, having under myself soldiers. I tell this one, Go,' and he goes; and tell another, Come,' and he comes; and tell my servant, Do this,' and he does it.
Noah lived after the flood three hundred fifty years.
On the third day, a marriage feast took place in Cana of Galilee, and Jesus' mother had a wife.
and the third day, after the statute had been written for a period of three months,
Then Delilah tied him up with a new cord, and said to him, Behold, Samson, the Philistines are on you! The ambush took him away, and hid him in the inner chamber. He broke his staff in pieces, as he had hid him from the threshing floor.
At Corinth our heart is opened, and our lips have spoken to us.
For the terrors of God make me afraid; For his majesty I am not able to endure them.
Then Solomon built the high places for the abominations of Chemosh the god of Moab, and for the abominations of the children of Ammon, in front of Jerusalem.
Behold, Assyria has been a cedar of Lebanon, and its branches are beautiful. Its shade is like a forest, and its height is high. Its tails are set in the cloud.
The evil of Moab is at hand; His calamity is near.
Tell God, How awesome are your works! Your enemies are subdued, Because of your great power.
He poured out his bowl into the sky, and there was a loud voice out of the throne of the temple, saying, It is!
Don't flatter yourself, And don't harden your neck.
All the shepherds who enter in by the gate.
But Festus answered, Paul is shut up in Caesarea, and I will return there also.
The light of the righteous shall be established, But the lamp of the wicked shall fail.
You shall also drink water by measure: the sixth part of a hin of water shall you drink from time to time.
Will you offer to me sacrifices and offerings Forty years in the wilderness, house of Israel?
But I am humbled and served face to face with the Lord, because of the oppression and temptations of the Jews.
For Christ has been from the beginning even to this day, and forevermore.
When the priest shall go in, he shall not go out of the holy place to the outer court; but there he shall let him go down in the midst of it; for it is holy; for he shall make for him garments of burnt offering.
John answered all the people, I baptized you in water, but I am not worthy for him to come with me any more than I can bear. He will be baptized in the Spirit and in the fire.
My sister, my bride, you have taken away my heart. In the sight of your eyes have you taken away my heart, you have taken away a golden chain from your neck.
I will punish him with pestilence and with blood; and I will bring on him hail and hail, fire and sulfur; his armies, and his people with him.
Pride is only for strife, But the covetous have wisdom.
For many were demonized, and the demon cried out, and went out of the man; many were paralyzed and lame, and were all healed.
Hold your faith before God, and do that which is right in your own eyes, and blessed is the man who has no sin.
His breath consumed him. When he came, he called his son's name Benjamin. But his father named him Benjamin.
and two olive trees; one on the right side of the ark of oil, and one on the left side of the ark of oil.
Dedan, turn back, flee, hide yourself; for I will bring the evil on Esau on him, when I will punish him.
For he will not kill me from the womb, But make my mother my tomb, And she will be continually naked.
So was it written that I should come up, and that I should come here, not we, but God; and he made me as Pharaoh's father, and his lord over all the house of Egypt, and over all his dominion.
The people did great things, and great things, even as the Anakim did: and Yahweh destroyed them from before the children of Ammon; and they possessed their land, and lived therein.
The princes of Judah shall say in their heart, The inhabitants of Jerusalem are my strength; for they trust in Yahweh of Armies, their God.
But some of the Pharisees said, This man has not kept the Sabbath, and has not kept it from God. Some said, Why does one sin? They kept the Sabbath.
and have burned your house with fire, and have judged you in the sight of many women: I will surely make you free from sexual immorality, and from the sale of children.
He pursued after them, and walked in the way that he didn't go, and passed on in safety.
You shall not turn aside to those who are good, or to those who walk in witchcraft; neither shall you inquire of them, to the end that you may defile them: I am Yahweh your God.
The Levites made a great feast for him in their houses. Many tax collectors and many others ate with them.
She said, Let me go; for we have sacrifices in the city, and my brothers have commanded me to go. But if now I have favor in your eyes, go you to my brothers: so she didn't go with the king.
Because he has been a servant of the people before their idols, and a stumbling block to the disobedience of the house of Israel, therefore have I lifted up my hand against them, and have borne their iniquity, says the Lord Yahweh.
You did not eat one day, two days, five days, ten days, and twenty days;
Therefore now, without mocking, you would not be easier to bind; for when I heard from the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, he will utterly destroy everything that is built up.
Yahweh will lead you continually in the land of drought, and he will satiate your heart and be strong in your bones; and you shall be as a garden of lewdness, and as a spring of waters.
Eleazar the priest said to the army that came again out of the war, This is the statute of Yahweh, which he commanded Moses.
Isaac his son, and Ishmael, buried him in the cave of Machpelah, which was before Mamre, in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar, the Hittite:
My eyes are weary with sorrow: I call to you day by day, Yahweh; I reach forth my hands to you.
Their brothers, who lived in villages, lay their hands on them seven days.
But they had no children; for Elizabeth was not able to conceive; and the children were yet old men.
The council member heard that they were very angry, and would have put them to death.
and as from the day that I commanded judges to rule over my people Israel, I will give you rest from all your enemies, says Yahweh, and will build you a house.
Sodom and Gomorrah, and all those who are around them, play the prostitute with the angels, and let them be in subjection to idols, and let them be in everlasting fire which can't be quenched, says the Lord.
But he gave up, and we died, saying only, The Lord our Lord be done!
This is the appointed feast of Yahweh, the holy convocation, which you shall proclaim until the day that Yahweh shall make desolate.
to be his, and to be with his seed for an everlasting covenant of the priests; for he has a mind for his God, and he makes atonement for the children of Israel.
I first, therefore, exhort you to be imitators of all, even as you also do in prayer, and thanksgiving.
My throat was dried up because of the cry. My eyes had grown dim through the expectation of God.
On the eighth day he shall be circumcised.
then you shall deal with him as he would with his brothers; that you may put away the evil from the midst of you.
even of the children of Babylon and of the Chaldeans, all the people of Pekod, and Shua, and Goah: and all the people of Assyria, with them, came, with the captains of the provinces, and the rulers of the armies, and the famous men, and the horsemen, and all those who were come to the city.
As they were worshipping the Lord and eating, the Holy Spirit said, Send me Barnabas and Saul, that they may call me to their work.
For if you receive these words, this man is Elijah, who is about to come.
But the boy didn't know what that would mean; but Jonathan and David knew it.
He cut the ram into its pieces, and Moses burned the head, the flesh, and the fat.
Sing to him, sing to him, And talk to him about all his wondrous works.
They were not the heads of their father's fathers, but were mighty men of valor: and according to their birthright they had twenty-two hundred men.
Like a high wall to build in, So is a rich man who thinks that his wealth is a strong city.
Then Sheshbazzar took the captives, and carried them away from Babylon to Jerusalem.
Abimelech said, You who have done this thing that I don't know, haven't told me, but have heard it since this day.
These shall come up on Mount Zion, and shall judge the mountains of Esau: and the kingdom shall be Yahweh's.
It happened, when the king heard it, that he was troubled in his heart, and so was everyone who was in Jerusalem.
You shall bring Aaron and his sons to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and shall wash them with water.
Help me, Yahweh, my God, according to your loving kindness,
As I sat down at the table, my nose poured out its fragrance.
Gad has a lot to pay back, But he wants to exact it on their back.
They have blowd the trumpet, and have prepared the wells; yet no man goes out to battle; for my wrath is on all of them.
There was again war with the Philistines at Gob: and the name of the man who was of the giant was Shaphan, who killed a man of the family of the Sibbecai the Hushathite.
You shall kill the ox before Yahweh at the door of the tent of meeting.
He said to them, How many loaves do you have? They said, Seven.
Esther's dream is to confirm Pur's things, and to put them in a book.
His anger was also kindled against his three friends, because they supposed that they would have no answer, and they still charged Job with being guilty.
In that day you shall tell your sons, Because Yahweh did to me in the day that I came forth out of Egypt.
It shall happen, that everyone who calls on the name of Yahweh shall be saved; for whoever escapes in Mount Zion and in Jerusalem shall die, according to the word of Yahweh, to the remnant of the people who are left in the house of Yahweh.
Do what is right in the eyes of everyone; For there is no counsel, nor counsel, nor understanding, nor wisdom, in the things which you are about to do.
Boaz said to the chief of the reapers, Whose daughter is she?
The men of Abubah made Nibhaz and Tarthach, and the men of Sepharvaim burned sons and daughters with fire, and offered Adrammelech and Anamelech, the gods of Sepharvaim.
I have not hidden your righteousness from my heart; I have set your truth and your salvation in order. I have not hidden your loving kindness and your truth from the midst of the earth.
I have asked this little child, and Yahweh has given me that which I have asked of him.
The fatness of Jeshurun was freed; and you were fat, and your flesh was consumed: and he went from making his God, and despised the stone of his salvation.
As one held up his hand, the flesh of the axe fell into the water. He cried out, saying, Alas! My lord, this is the axe that comes up.
Now when the lords of the Philistines had come out to battle, and they had come out on every side, David was more honorable than the servants of Saul; and his name was more honorable than any man.
The man said, You are a companion of mine. He gave me the fruit of the tree, and I ate.
After these things, I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, standing on the four winds, that the wind might not return to the earth, but to the sea, and to all the trees of it.
The male who ate of the bread was five thousand.
He took the seven bowls, full of the seven angels who had the seven plagues, and one of them talked with me, saying, Come, I will show you the truth, the Lamb.
Willn't they judge him with proverbs, and mock him with parables, saying, How many treasures are not mine, but let me tell you? Indeed, many are the name of the city and of those who know it.
What is this that I do here, says Yahweh, that my people have been taken captive without cause? Yahweh says, It has been made desolate in my name, that those who rule over them, to call, and to blaspheme.
Out of heaven there was war, and stars were come on them to fight against Sisera.
The midwives said to Pharaoh, The Hebrew women and the Egyptian women have not said, They will be alive. The midwives have come already.
I, Daniel, saw the vision; for the men who were with me didn't see the vision, but wept and hid ourselves.
But I left among the children of Israel seven thousand men, of whom the sole of their foot was not above Baal, and on whom their mouth was not kissed.
that he who kills him, who has not fought, who kills his neighbor unwittingly, may flee there, and escape to the cities, and live:
and the headbands of it shall be of brass, and the coats of brass of it five thousand shekels;
They all hide themselves in the earth together.
For as the earth is plucked up by hundreds, and the gardens are plucked up by multitude, so will the Lord Yahweh be brought forth before the nations in righteousness and in praise.
I will walk in wisdom in a perfect way. When will you come to me? I will walk in a perfect heart within my house.
But I have kept my holy name, which the house of Israel has profaned among the nations where they came;
Yahweh heard the voice of the children of Israel, and delivered the Canaanites to their charge; and they utterly destroyed the Canaanites and their cities. The name of that place was called Hormah.
Stand in awe, you covered yourselves, and see. They didn't sin by reason of the wine, but they staggered, and didn't sing by reason of the strong drink.
Thus it is spoken; for now is the glory greater than before, and the glory that passes over passes away.
Remember you also, how you were bondservants in Egypt, when Yahweh your God redeemed you from there: therefore I commanded you to do so.
Jehoiakim slept with his fathers; and Jehoiakim his son reigned in his place.
They were all amazed at his teaching.
They answered Joshua, because it was told your servants assuredly, saying, Yahweh your God commanded Moses his servant to give you the whole land, and to destroy the land before your face: for it is not my name; for it is an evil name.
When the day comes that it will be a disaster and a great disaster, what will you do? Who will we ask for? What will be the loss of your treasure?
Thus shall they prepare mornings for the lambs, and for the meal offering, and for the fat, for a continual burnt offering.
For the cry of Heshbon went to Elealeh, and went straight to Jahaz; and from Zoar to Horonaim, and to Eglath Shelishah, because the waters of Nimrim were dried up.
It happened, when Moses took his portion in the hand, that the children of Israel prevailed; and it happened, when they fell, that the Amalekites prevailed.
Judah came near to Joseph, and said, Oh, my lord, please let one of your servants speak a word to my master. Don't let his anger be kindled against him, for you are one of Pharaoh's.
He came near to him, and said, If you are the Son of God, command these stones to become bread.
Then Abigail arose, and fell on her face, and said, Behold, your handmaid is here. Let us wash the feet of my servants.
Is there a kingdom that may change their gods? Yet they are not God; but my people have brought back their glory for the profitless.
For Zion will he save, and they shall build the cities of Judah; and they shall possess the land, and dwell therein.
Don't remember our sins from our fathers. Let your tender mercies come near to us, For we have fallen even to the uttermost parts of the earth.
Son of man, lift up your thigh, and lift it up, And groan before them.
God said, Let the waters feed on the living creatures in abundance, and let birds fly on the surface of the earth, and on the skies above.
Let your priests be clothed with righteousness. Let your saints shout for joy.
Ephraim also didn't drive out the Canaanites who lived in Gezer: but the Canaanites lived in Gezer among them.
The Philistines fought, and the men of Israel were put to the worse, and they fled every man to his tent, and killed many: and the servants of Israel were three thousand men.
Most assuredly I tell you, wherever the Good News is preached, all will be told and remembered about her.
They were gathered together, and agreed with each other that they might fight against Joshua and against Israel.
For every lofty mountain, For every great mountain,
Don't be partial to the poor,
I will prepare a feast for them in the days of their youth, and will water them, and make them rejoice; and they shall lie down continually, and not awake forever, says Yahweh.
Seeing this, it was done falsely; and they hanged the two men on the gallows, and wrote it before the king in the book of records.
David went up by the word of Gad, According to the commandment of Yahweh.
In that day you will ask no more what I am. Most assuredly I tell you, he will give everything in my name, which you ask of the Father.
You tested us, God. You tested us, as silver is tested.
Yahweh will open to you the treasures of his heaven, and the rain shall be on your land for a time, and on all that you do in your hand; and you shall be a good land, and you shall not be able to do.
Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of Yahweh by the mouth of Jeremiah might be accomplished, Yahweh stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, so that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and put it also in writing, saying,
Then I cut off my concubine, and sent to all the land of the possession of Israel for their prostitution and for their shame in Israel.
where God didn't give him inheritance, nor where his foot doesn't stand. For though he had children, God promised to give them to him for a possession, and to him and to his children after him.
Solomon gave Hiram twenty thousand measures of wheat and twenty thousand measures of pure oil for his food. So Solomon gave Hiram year by year.
Behold, seven years will come on all the land of Egypt,
For this is not a vain thing for you, but your life; for it will be your days long, when you will go over the Jordan to possess it.
On the fifth day you shall offer nine bulls, two rams, fourteen male lambs a year old without blemish;
The congregation took him, and went out outside of the camp, and stoned him to death, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
He presented his offering to Eglon the king of Moab: and Eglon was a very fat man.
He gave him for a messenger, and for a bowl, and for a cup, pure gold: and gold for every bowl, and silver for every silver bowl;
Go up, horseman; flee for safety: the mighty men shall come forth; the Ethiopians and the Putites shall hang up their shields; the Ludites have bent their bows.
But Jesus held his peace, and the high priest asked him, Are you the Christ, the Son who is to be praised?
He testifies about what he hears and sees, And there is none to receive his witness.
There they cried out, but no one answered them, for the pride of the wicked is exalted.
For I will pour water on the thirsty, and water on the dry; and I will pour out my spirit on your seed, and will bring my blessing on you.
One said to him, John's disciples always fast and pray, and so is the disciples of the Pharisees, but your disciples don't eat or drink.
She enticed him with many words, And urged him with flatteries.
For which of you is he who hinders you, that you may no longer be in the truth?
The house of the wicked is overthrown, But the habitation of the upright is prospered.
There was no son in his people, Neither was there a son left in his land where he sojourned.
Encourage them that they don't drink wine, but that they be sober minded, sound in faith, love, and perseverance.
Jesus said, Behold, two men owe a denarius. The one owed five hundred denarii, and the other fifty shekels.
He did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, according to all that David his father had done.
Why have you stolen away? You have fled away, and didn't tell me. I can't go back with joy, with songs, with psalteries, and with harps?
The windows of it, and the arches of it, and the palm trees of it, were according to the doors of it, which look toward the east; and there went up from the seven steps; and in front were the arches of it.
and the arm of Zerubbabel shall lay the foundation of this house, and his hand shall finish the work; and you shall know that Yahweh of Armies has sent me to you.
For John often said to her, You are not worthy of the law for this woman.
In everything, whatever you say or whatever you do, you will give thanks to the Father according to the will of the Lord Jesus Christ.
As for you, if you will walk before me, as David your father walked, and will walk in all that I command you, and will keep my statutes and my ordinances,
For this people have come near to me, says the Lord, And their lips honor me with their lips, And their heart is far from me. They honor me, But they are only partial to those who obey the commandments.
Teacher, Moses said, Someone has a son who is not dead, and his brother should take him as wife, and father him, and raise him up for his brother, that he might receive him.
Amnon was sore displeased with him, and the man who hated him loved him more than he loved him. Amnon said to him, Arise, go forth.
The high priest, Azariah, and the priests who were with him, saw that he was a leper before him; and he drove him out, and he hurried away; for Yahweh had struck him.
are your gods round about.' It is very near to you, far from you, from the uttermost part of the earth to the uttermost part of the earth;
He is the faithful witness, the first fruits of the dead, and the ruler of the earth.
Therefore his young men shall fall in the streets of his streets; and all his army shall perish that day, says Yahweh.
All the wise men shall keep these things in mind, and shall remember Yahweh's loving kindness.
All the congregation sent and told the children of Benjamin, who were in the rock of Rimmon, saying, The words of peace are better than them.
You shall make an altar of boards, and in the midst of it you shall perform according to the pattern which I have shown you on the mountain.
If a man redeems any of the tithes, he shall add the fifth part of the price of it to it.
You shall therefore do as Yahweh your God has commanded you; you shall observe to do it: you shall not turn aside to the right hand nor to the left.
The fruit of the Holy Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, tender mercies, love, truth,
and they went and served them after other gods, which they had not known, of which Yahweh had not made them known:
Yahweh was with David all the work of his hands.
I said to you, Arise, take up your mat, and go to your house.
Yahweh only rejoiced over your fathers, and loved them, and chose their children among the peoples, even these you are, as at this day.
What can the wicked take? He who is robbed, to him he who is robbed?
He said, Call her. She called him. The woman stood at the door.
He did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, and walked in the way of Jeroboam, and made Israel to sin.
For the dust of his rigging is covered because of the multitude of his horses; and he entered into your gates, as one enters into a broken city; for the horses, and for the sheep, and for the chariots, he entered into your cities.
But the days will come when the bridegroom will be taken away from them. They will fast that day.
Yahweh will reign forever.
You condemn the righteous, and kill them. They won't be afraid of you.
Have the gods of the nations delivered them, which our fathers have destroyed, Gozan, Haran, Rezeph, and the children of Eden who were in Telassar?
For this is how we speak, that the children who are born of the flesh are not counted as children of God, but that the children who are born of God are counted as children of God.
Now after the pestilence was over, Yahweh spoke to Moses, and to Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest, saying,
His seed will be strong in the earth, But the generation will be blessed in the generation to come.
But he said these things, that Peter should glorify God. When he had said this, he said to him, Follow me.
I would not answer, though I was righteous; But I asked them a great judgment.
So Jeroboam's wife did, and went and came to the house of Ahijah in Shiloh: and Ahijah didn't see her eye, because she was old.
Don't tell him how he has dealt with me, or how I have dealt with him. According to his ways, so will I do.
My iniquities have gone out beyond my head, As a burden that I am not able to bear.
Arise, rise up, and go against Judah, and overthrow it, and make him king in the midst of it:
I have dealt with them according to their uncleanness, According to their transgressions, I have hid my face from them.
His roots are in the heaps, To the place of the stones.
These you shall speak, Yahweh's redeemer, who has redeemed him out of the hand of his enemies:
Say you, Your servants have been young until now; for we care for all our fathers. So you shall stand in the land of Goshen, because all the livestock of the land are abomination to the Egyptians.
In our assembly there were many lampstands.
He said to him, Have compassion on him. He said to him, Go your way, and do so.
Now it happened in the twelfth year, in the fifteenth day of the month, that there came a man from Jerusalem, and fled to me, and said, Behold, the city is taken.
The rest said, If there is one, Elijah will come and save him.
This day shall be a very grievous Sabbath. It shall be a statute forever. You shall afflict your souls.
Now so; and there remains a man of God who is chosen by grace.
If I have despised the care of my servant, my handmaid, As long as I have talked with him;
As the king passed by there, he called to the king, and said, Out of the house of your servant there is a man who turns aside, and brings me another, saying, If you keep this man, you shall lose his life; but if you give him any more money, he shall not be found.
This is the mystery of the generations of men hidden from the saints.
The prophetess, who was above Jericho, saw him, and said, The Spirit of Elijah is on Elisha. They came and worshiped him, and bowed themselves down before him.
Bring it in, and make it a serpent, that I may eat it; and I will bless you before I die.
But those who are younger in appearance have more value than those who are.
God saw the children of Israel, and God perceived their things.
Abram said to king Sodom, I will swear by Yahweh, the Lord of heaven and earth;
I, Artaxerxes the king, have sent to him all the golden rings that are cast out beyond the River, saying, This is what the law of the God of heaven, the scribe, Ezra the priest, does.
Boaz said to the young man, If he be gleaning in the wilderness, let him be sanctified, and don't let him be disappointed.
They called some false witnesses, and said, This man spoke against this temple and against Moses at all times.
For if the servant of Yahweh can once wash away his sin, and have no more knowledge of sin through conscience, he shall not offer sacrifice again.
And they will tread on him, The foot of the poor and needy, The foot of the afflicted.
Heal my soul, God, within me, that there may be a new and upright spirit.
But God sent to them to lead them again to Yahweh. The prophet testified to them, but they didn't listen.
He who foreknew God had taken hold of his mercy, not of man's desire, nor of his power.
even as the Lord commanded me, To buy a field for the potter's field.
Joshua said, Why have you hurt us? Yahweh will also hurt you this day, says Yahweh. All Israel stoned him with stones, and burnt them with fire, and stoned them with stones.
Therefore the presidents and the satraps sought vain things in the midst of the kingdom to Daniel; but they didn't find his vanity nor his disobedience: for he was an evil spirit in the midst of them.
When the people saw the thunder, the lightnings, and the sound of the trumpet, the mountains lifted up their voice, and the people looked, and trembled, and stood far away.
There is a man in your land who has in his heart a holy spirit: and in the day that your father conceived, and saw his heart to be bright, and to be bright, and to be as the spirit of a man, behold, Nebuchadnezzar the king, and his servant the Chaldeans, and the Chaldeans.
Immediately Jesus spoke to them, saying, Peace be to you. Don't be afraid.
I filled him with the Spirit of God, in wisdom, in understanding, in knowledge, and in all manner of workmanship;
How long will this land mourn, and all its pastures and its herbs be dried up? for evil, for livestock, and for birds, will they waste because of the inhabitants of it. For they say, I don't see the end of it.
Neither shall you commit adultery.
even as they have defiled the house which is called by my name with their abominations,
The apostles came and told him about the things they had done. He took them away, and came to a city called Bethsaida.
I will set my face against that man, and will cut him off from among the people; for he has sacrificed to Molech children, and has profaned my sanctuary, and has profaned my holy name.
My eye, because it grieves, Is like a shadow in my body.
He lays the earth on its foundation. He will never be moved.
The superscription of the accusation against his head was written, THIS IS THE KING OF THE JEWS.
But if they don't receive you, then you shall tell them the dust of your feet, when you depart from their city.
Speak to the children of Israel, and bring to you olive oil, which is for the light, for a perpetual light.
Don't be like a foreigner who doesn't know God, who has a foreigner in his hand.
Elijah said to him, Go, be gone, do as you have said: but first bring me the cakes of a small lump, and give them to me, and afterward I will bake them for you and for your sons.
Therefore I was afflicted, but I was not ashamed; for I know him, that I have kept his charge concerning me until the day of judgment.
The sins of the murderers are hidden from you.
For they will now say, We are not king; for we don't fear Yahweh. What has the king to do for us?
He said, What do you know that I am coming to you? Now I am going back to fight with the angels of Persia. I am building, and behold, the angels of Greece are coming.
To give you careful counsel, You shall keep your lips in knowledge.'
one male goat for a sin offering;
You have girded up your waist with power, you have set your feet on the mountains with great strength.
But if they will not believe you, says Yahweh, and a sign shall not be believed at all, then a second sign shall be believed.
David said, He also will deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine who rescues me from the lion's and the bear's day. Saul said to David, Go, and Yahweh will be with you.
Don't marvel at me, saying, Let's take care of him.'
King Ahasuerus answered Esther the queen, Who has shown all diligence? Where is he?
For if we are afflicted, it is for comfort and deliverance; but if we are comforted, it is for comfort, that we may be strengthened in the same way as we are.
When we were there, a boat went out to Phoenix, and so the boat departed.
He has sent out arrows into my innards.
Your portion in the valley, in the middle of the highway, is your portion: this is your inheritance; and you pour out your drink offerings to him. For these things have you comforted me?
For this, he became the first fruits of a better covenant.
He answered them, Bring out the water, and let's go. Let's give the breastplate, that we may give it to the table. They brought the breastplate to him.
How is it that, when David came to the house of Ahimelech, to speak to Saul, saying, David kept this teaching, and gave it to the rulers?
Yahweh will make your rain on the earth as dust, and as dust he shall rain on you from the sky, until you are destroyed.
Do you want to walk in the way of the ancient, In the way of the wicked?
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance;
then the man shall ask for his hair, but he shall not ask for the hair; and the priest shall isolate the man who gave birth seven days.
Therefore I have endured for all the chosen ones. They also will be saved in Christ Jesus' salvation and eternal glory.
Yahweh gives his people strength. Yahweh gives peace to his people.
He allowed no man to do them wrong; Yes, he reproved the kings for their sakes.
You shall observe to do all that I command you: you shall not add to it, nor diminish it.
He brought me forth into the outer court, and brought me into the separate chamber over against the burnt offering that was outside; and the chamber looked toward the north over against the house.
Abimelech went up to Mount Salmon, he and the people who were with him; and Abimelech took the axe in his hand, and cut down a stick, and laid it on his shoulder; and those who were with him said, You shall look at my ways, and shall praise me.
Take heed therefore to yourselves, lest your heart be deceived, and you turn aside, and go and serve other gods, and worship them.
Therefore no one can say that you will be baptized in my name.
You see the birds of the sky, and they sow, don't reap, and aren't laid up in the barn. Your Father feeds them. How much more valuable are you than birds!
Paul answered, I am a Jew, and a Jew born in Cilicia, a people of a very great name. Let me speak to the people.
David said to him, Your blood is on your head; for your mouth has testified, I have killed Yahweh's anointed.
In their land there were many frogs, and the king's chambers were joined.
Who has made a god, And casts no profit into idols?
But the princes of the children of Ammon said to Hanun, David has sent to comfort you, and think you he honors your father: will his servants come to you, and will they not consider you, and see if you will destroy him?
The Jews answered him, We stoned you, not for your good work, but for your blasphemy. You are a man, and not as a man.
You have forgiven the iniquity of your people. You have covered all their sins. Selah.
The king said to Nathan the prophet, Behold, I dwell in a house of cedar; but the ark of Yahweh dwells in the veil.
He was sixteen years old when he began to reign; and he reigned fifty-two years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Jehoriah of Jerusalem.
God will repay to each one according to his work.
It happened at the beginning, that the whole land was darkened, and that it was to the ninth hour.
Jeroboam reigned; and he slept twenty-two years with his fathers; and Nadab his son reigned in his place.
They will swarm with dust like a serpent, like creeping things that creep on the ground. They will come trembling out of their place. They will come trembling to Yahweh, our God, and will be afraid of you.
Shabbethai and Jehozabad, heads of the Levites, were over the house of God.
It is better to take refuge in Yahweh, Than to take refuge in him.
Yahweh said to Cain, Why are you angry? Why are you angry?
A fool's ruler, And a young man's teacher; And, as you think, a law, knowledge, and truth;
He said, Do it! He sent them out, and they went. He tied cords of scarlet to the window.
and the body and the ashes will be on all the valleys and on all the fields, even to the brook Kidron; and all the corners of the gate that looks toward the east will be holy, to Yahweh, that it may be no more plucked, nor cast forth any more.
They appointed a solemn assembly on the eighth day, because they were being offered seven days also, and seven days also were being kept.
Philip rose up and departed. As he went down, he found an eunuch of the eunuch, the daughter of Cantachus, the queen of Asia.
Isn't your eye faithful, Yahweh? You have struck them, and they weren't grieved. You have destroyed them, and they weren't disciplined. They rolled their faces to the ground, and didn't return.
The word of Yahweh came to him, saying,
Forgive this people their sins according to your great loving kindness, as you have done from Egypt even to this day. Forgive them continually.
Jesus answered them, The Son of Man has come in the time of his glory.
Then the king commanded Hilkiah the high priest, and the second priest, and the officers who kept the threshold, to burn for Baal and for Asherah, and for all the vessels that were made in the army of the sky, and to cast them out of the house of Yahweh, to burn with fire in Bethel.
For Yahweh is coming, and he will judge the earth. He will judge the world in righteousness, and all men in truth.
Jacob will in no way prosper, neither will Israel so much as be disobedient. In that very hour we will go to Jacob and to Israel, and say, God has done great things.
Joshua took the cities which the kings had, and the king of them, and struck them with the edge of the sword, and utterly destroyed them, as Moses the servant of Yahweh commanded.
They came to Abel, which is in Beth Maacah, and besieged it; and they built heaps outside of the city, and built it. Joab and all his people built it, to give it to the land.
and her virginity, that she may defile herself.
They are called in the heavenly places, where you come together to the firstborn of God. You come before the judgment of the peoples. You are justified by your works.
Rebekah's brothers and her mother said, Allow the women and us another ten days, and let her go.
He shall lay his hand on the head of the goat, and kill him in the place where they kill the burnt offering before Yahweh. It is a sin offering.
The men of Jabesh Gilead heard of all that the Philistines had done to Saul.
The first stone, Pishom, which is round about all Havilah, he called, and gold went out there.
Shepherds shall flee from you. The head of the flock shall not escape.
He stretches out the north above the expanse, And hangs on an empty place.
On the first day of the week you shall surely pay a tithe according to your families, that I not come to you in the day that I don't sow your faces.
The father brings good news, and brings peace, and the father brings good news, and proclaims salvation; and he says to Zion, Your God is king; his foot is lifted up on the mountains, and his feet are lifted up.
and the three branches of the tree were on the palms of it, and it budded, and brought forth a cluster of grapes after it.
(and behold, the land of the Chaldeans is no more; the Assyrians have made it a dwelling place for animals: they have built up their towers; they have destroyed their palaces, and made them an astonishment);
In the night my bones are wormwood, And pant for me.
Let the righteous rejoice in Yahweh. Let the upright praise Yahweh.
The children of Benjamin said, They are put to the worse before us. The children of Israel said, Let us flee, and entice them out of the city even to you.
There went up the Hebrews over the Jordan into Gath and Gilead; and Saul was yet in Gilgal; and the people trembled, and followed him.
and how he dealt with the armies of Egypt, and with their horses and with their chariots, as they pursued you: and Yahweh brought on them the waters of the Red Sea, and destroyed them to this day.
But you make the Nazirite drink wine, and command the prophet, Don't prophesy.
On the east were six Levites; and on the north four men; and on the south four men; and on the north two men; and on the north two men:
Our God, hear; for we are despised. Let their blasphemy be on their heads. Let them be robbed out of their land of captivity.
When the ten heard it, they were indignant with James and John.
For the house that I am about to build is great; for our God is great above all gods.
and he gave all that he had into Joseph's hand, and took away from him anything that he had eaten, but he didn't know all that he had. He slipped away.
How long will God turn away from me, and let me go free for a little while?
Haven't you known? Haven't you heard, Yahweh, the God of ships forever, who has made the end of the earth; he is weary, and doesn't consider; his wisdom is without reproach?
Who has heard such things as this? Who has seen such things? Is there a day in which the nation is established? Or is there a time in which they have been born? But God has brought forth a son.
Even he who girds me with strength Makes my path perfect.
He who curses his father or his mother shall surely be put to death.
Since the time that I was made governor in the land of Judah, in the twenty-two years from the time that the king Artaxerxes began to reign, I and my brothers have not done so.
Every silver platter was one hundred thirty shekels, and on every bowl seventy shekels; and for all vessels there were two thousand four shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary.
He brought forth wood, and cut it into pieces, and laid it on the wood, and said, Fill the trench with water, and pour it on the burnt offering and on the wood.
You shall set all that is in Aaron's hands, and in the hands of his sons, for a wave offering before Yahweh.
The king of Israel said to his servants, Don't you know that Ramoth Gilead is yours? Have you held your peace, and haven't returned out of the hand of the king of Syria?
and I will sell your children into the hand of Judah, and they shall be sold into the hand of Sheba, the kingdom of a far country; I, Yahweh, have spoken it.
Behold, Babylon is overthrown and destroyed. lament for her, and take of the frankincense for her dance; it may be that she will be healed.
For your judgments are pleasing on Mount Zion. Let the daughters of Judah rejoice.
None shall pursue after them, as at the end of the sword, and they shall stumble and fall one on another; neither shall you stand before your enemies.
The Egyptians have dealt ill with us, they have afflicted us, they have called us to forced labor.
Blessed be the King who comes in the name of the Lord: Peace be multiplied to the heavens, and glory to the Most High God.
For though you offer burnt offerings to me, and your meal offerings, I will not rejoice, neither will I accept the sacrifice of your fat animals for peace offerings.
When you go, all faces will go. Don't turn aside when you go.
But if it is in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean. It is the plague.
Yahweh will make you a poles, and cast them into an open place. You, being a master's house, shall die there; and there shall your glory be, and there shall your glory be.
For there has not been, until the time that the judges ruled over Israel, even over the king of Israel and over the kings of Judah, such things as these:
That the world may know your mighty works, The majesty and glory of your kingdom.
Pharaoh sought help of him, and could not help him in battle, when they went up to the heap, and gathered themselves together to destroy many.
But the saints of the Most High God will inherit the Kingdom, and will continue in the Kingdom of Heaven forever and ever.
You shall not covet your neighbor's house, nor your neighbor's wife, nor your servant, nor your ox, nor your donkey, nor any of your neighbor's all.
Therefore Yahweh has rewarded me according to my righteousness, According to the cleanness of my hands in his eyesight.
He broke down the high places, and destroyed the pillars, and cut down the Asherim, and killed the serpents that Moses had made; for the children of Israel burnt incense to him at that time, and called them Nebuchadnezzars.
But God said to me, You shall not build a house for my name; for you are a people of war, and blood is shed.
So I bought the field of Anathoth from Hanamel my uncle's son, and gave it to him for ten shekels of silver.
Oh that I might be eaten by another man's seed, That my fruit should be plucked from my mouth!
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance;
Binding the hand of princes to the land, they hanged them; They saw the faces of the elders, but they didn't honor them.
then the abundance of his glory, the majesty of his majesty, and his honor, were revealed many days: one hundred eighty days.
At the east gate there were four lodges, three on this lodge, and three on that lodge; and the posts on this side, and the posts on that side, were the houses of the house.
Nadab did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and he walked in the way of his father, and trespassed against his father in which he made Israel to sin.
The Most High God delivered the enemy into your hand, and you ought to praise him. Abram gave to Melchizedek ten portions, all that he had.
I have loved you with my heart, And sought you with my spirit in the morning; For the earth was well-pleasing in your judgments.
He set white branches on the watercourses and on the pools, that he might burn them with water. He coupled the flocks and the pools with water.
The Lord will repay Aristarchus, who struck the lioness and the cub,
David was then in the stronghold; and the garrison of the Philistines was then in Bethlehem.
You shall set his name there, that Yahweh may choose him, from your flocks, from your herds, with the animals of the Passover, to sacrifice to Yahweh your God.
David's servants came to Abigail to Carmel, and said to her, David has sent us to you, that he may take you as wife.
Jerubbaal the son of Joash went home to his own house.
Peter said to him, Lord, it is good for us to be here. If you will, I will come and make three tents here, one for you, one for Moses, and one for Elijah.
Their quiver is an open tomb. All of them are mighty.
I am also a witness of the elders of our nation through the elders of the elders of the elders of our nation. I am also a witness of the sufferings of Christ, and of the glory that will be revealed.
He began to lift up his disciples, and should tell no one that he was the Christ.
Look on everyone who is proud, And give him a hand, And tread down the land where the wicked dwell.
Thus Yahweh delivered Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem out of the hand of Sennacherib king of Assyria, and out of the hand of all their enemies, and made them to dwell in peace round about.
Will you be angry with us forever? Or will you chronicle your anger to all generations?
You shall mock at the multitude and perplexity of your name, which is too great for you; that it may go out of your hand, or from your garden.
You shall make a plate of pure gold, and shall write on it, according to the law of the plague, thus saying, The Lord is Yahweh's.
And don't lay his word to your heart, Because you don't believe in him who sent you.
When he opened the third seal, I heard the third living creature saying, Come, see! I saw a black horse, and he who sat on it took his shoe.
What shall I wait for now, Lord? For in you is my hope.
Is it lawful for you to glory, for you to be silent? Or is it not that, while you laugh, you are ashamed?
The meal offering and the drink offering shall not come into the house of Yahweh; and the priests shall mourn.
In the seventh month, on the fifteenth day of the month, when the increase of your increase shall come, you shall keep the feast of Yahweh seven days; and the first day shall be a holy Sabbath, and the eighth day a holy Sabbath.
As birds wandering from their place, So a man wanders from his nest.
Isaiah said, Yahweh will do what he has spoken. This is Yahweh's sign to you.
His lord was very angry, and put him in prison, until he had cleansed his whole house.
In many cities there are people who murmur, And the heart of the wounded mourns, But God doesn't consider unrighteousness.
He went up, and buried him in the house of his father. With him were all Pharaoh's servants, the elders of Pharaoh's house, and the elders of the kingdom of Egypt.
For, behold, the soldiers went into the lake, and the snow went into the midst of it.
Arise, Yahweh, against the enemy! Smite him! Deliver my soul with your sword from the wicked.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
You five shall drive away one hundred men; and you one hundred shall drive away ten thousand; and the enemy shall fall by the sword before you.
Then said Yahweh to me, What they have spoken is good.
The inheritance of the children of Simeon was of the inheritance of the children of Judah; for the children of Judah had one portion; therefore the children of Simeon had one inheritance among their inheritance.
I will lay filthiness on you, and dishonor you, and lay eyes on you.
The birds will nest within them, And will serve those who dwell among the fir trees.
So we will be with your people, With the sheep of your pasture, To give thanks to you forever, To give praise to your name forever.
Have you also saved us again, That your people may rejoice in you?
Afterward he recognized him, who had been sitting in the temple, and begged him, and wondered at what happened to him.
He has given food to all, Because his loving kindness endures forever.
For you vow a vow to God, but we will not be slack; For he has no pleasure in fools, But you vow that which is good.
You will winnow them, and the wind will carry them away, and the whirlwind will sweep them away; but you will rejoice in Yahweh, and will glory in the Holy One of Israel.
How they have turned back from Yahweh, from the wickedness of the land, from the wickedness of the peoples, from the children of corruption, and from the Holy One of Israel!
Therefore I love your commandments more than gold, And more than fine gold.
As my father and your father did, so will I be with you. Now have I sent you gold and silver, and have sent you away from me the covenant that Baasha king of Israel has made with me.
Therefore Yahweh answered me, If you shall return, I will set you up again before me; but if you will declare to the rulers of the earth, I will declare to you, and they shall be no more.
A rich man regards himself as wise, But the poor, who is wise, show him out.
Yahweh blessed Noah and his sons, and said to them, Be fruitful, and multiply on the earth.
and the first fruits of our meal offering, and our wave offering, and the fruit of all manner of trees, new wine and oil, to bring into the priest's house of our God, to gather into the house of our God, according to the commandment which you shall give us for a possession of the land.
Your name endures forever, Yahweh. You take, Yahweh, the name of renown to all generations.
But we don't draw near by the word of God, but toward him who answers.
My heart has put forth a bad word, And I have spoken concerning my lord the king like a fig tree.
When I go about the city, I see your worshipping, and an altar shall be found therein, so that it shall be written, I offer to a god that doesn't know you;' and you worship that which has not been worshiped.
He alone is my rock and my salvation, my fortress I will never be greatly shaken.
It happened after three years, that I went up to Jerusalem, and worshiped Peter, and stayed with him fifteen days.
God brought him forth out of Egypt as a mighty ox. He devoured the nations, and broke their bones. He shoot at them with arrows, until he passed by.
He said to his disciples, Gather much, and gather little.
It happened on the third day, in the course of the month Pharaoh, that he made a feast to all his servants, and killed the chief cupbearer and the chief baker before them.
There was a certain man named Lazarus, who lived at Bethany, the village of Mary and her sister Martha.
He said to them, If I were the man of God, then let fire come down from heaven, and devour you and the fifty. Then came the fire of Yahweh from heaven, and devoured him and the fifty.
At that time the children of Israel divided the people in two; and Tibni the son of Ginath half made him king; and the foreigner half followed Omri.
and when they have found it, they bring it to Antioch. They began to gather themselves together with the assembly, and teach many people, and they called the disciples Christ, beginning from Antioch.
It was better for you to come before Jesus, in the midst of the new covenant, than for you to drink the blood of Abel.
Therefore the children of Israel shall not stand in the sight of the enemy; for they shall turn back from the enemy, because they are cursed: and you shall die, and I will not be with you, if you put away the devoted thing from the midst of you.
They rose up early in the morning, and swore one to another, so that Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in peace.
according to the commandment of Yahweh, which he commanded Joshua, he gave a portion to Caleb the son of Jephunneh for an inheritance in the house of Judah, to Kiriath Arba; the same is the inheritance of Hebron to the fathers.
Now therefore hear the word of Yahweh. He said, Arise, plead the causes before the mountains, and cause the hills to hear your voice.
Samuel declared the kingdom to the people, and put it in a book, and laid it down before Yahweh: and Samuel scattered all the people, every man to his house.
Choose wisdom according to your tribes, And knowledge according to your understanding, That I may set them for your princes.
Cling to one another, and learn to love one another, and do good.
When he did this, Festus cried out, saying, Paul, you are crazy! You know how to make music for yourself!
If you see the donkey of those who hate you stooping, you shall not go out, but shall pay with her for the donkey which she has paid.
He was afraid and trembling, and said, Who are they? You came before you, and took from me what he had struck. I ate, and blessed him, and he will be blessed!
For seven times the righteous stumble and rise, But the wicked are overthrown.
then hear in heaven your dwelling place and their prayer, according to all that the nations have asked of you, to make all the peoples of the earth know your name, that you are a people like your people; and that Israel should know your holy name, and that you should make them known in the midst of the house.
Leah said, God has given me my hire, because I gave my handmaid to my husband. She named him Issachar.
If you know how to do this thing, you shall be king over the throne of David, with his servants, and his people, and his chariots, and his horses, and shall enter into the doors of this house.
one young bull, one ram, one male lamb a year old, for a burnt offering;
He will deliver me out of all my troubles. My eye shall see my enemies in recompense.
But Yahweh said to Samuel, Don't look at his appearance, or at the fatness of his body, for I have rejected him; for Yahweh doesn't see it as man sees man, and behold, I am Yahweh's, and behold, it is his.
If your people Israel be put to death before your enemies because of your sin, if they turn again to you, and confess your name, and pray in this house to you,
But Moses' hand was holy; and they set a stone under it, and it was on the stone: Aaron and Hur laid down his hands on it, one on this side, and another on that side: and he set his hands on it, and rested on it all the day.
For this is what says: If you hear the voice of God this day, don't harden your hearts, as when your fathers rebelled.
If the animal is stolen away from the keeper, he shall pay for it.
Then said David to the messenger, This is what you shall tell Joab, Don't be anxious about this; for the sword has killed him; and the man won't be able to escape; but rather you shall prevail against him, and shall deliver him out of the hand of the chariot.
He will cause them to walk in his statutes, And keep his ordinances. Praise Yah!
You shall separate the land, which Yahweh your God gives you, into which you shall inherit it, and shall open it to you in three measures, that these murderers may flee there.
Behold, the kings are gathered together. They pass by.
The dunghills also are scattered, and the fat is sown; for they don't pluck the dunghill out of their belly: they come out and go at their feet.
Then he measured the building that was before the separate place, and the porch on this side, one hundred cubits long on the other side, and the inner house, and the porch of the court.
But Paul thought that it was not appropriate to do so, for John had left them, and had continued with them, in Pamphylia.
The children of Dan looked back, and said to him, What is this that you have gathered together?
Now I know that Yahweh is greater than all his gods, who deal proudly with this people, even with their Egyptians.
Samuel said, Take Agag the king of Amalek with you, and he will come in peace before him; Agag said, Death shall pass away forever.
And cast Pharaoh and his army into the Red Sea; For his loving kindness endures forever:
When I have passed Macedonia, I will come to you.
Jesus cried out, He who believes in me doesn't believe me, but him who sent me.
Be continually and joyful.
Even the coming of the Son of Man is like Noah's form.
Woe to those who take houses, And fields, so that they don't leave any remaining; Only you shall stand in the midst of them!
He shall purify himself by the water on the third day; and on the seventh day he shall be clean: but on the third day he shall be unclean, and on the seventh day he shall be unclean.
His disciples came to him, and said, Why do you speak to them in parables?
Proclaim it among the nations, and prepare for war, and stir up the mighty, that all those who war may be disobedient.
Or if he stone men to death in his hand, by which a man may die, he is a murderer: the murderer shall surely be put to death.
For Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, the Jews' enemy, devised against Judah to destroy them, and to overthrow them, even Purim, to overthrow them, and to destroy them.
and the God of all flesh, who has provided glory for many, that he might bring salvation from under the sky.
They destroyed the pillars of Baal, And the house of Baal; And they made him a banner to this day.
and the priest shall examine him; and behold, if the plague has faded, then he shall be cut off from the garment, or from the warp, or from the woof.
He shall kill the bull before Yahweh: and Aaron's sons the priests shall offer the blood, and sprinkle the blood on the door of the Tent of Meeting, and around the altar.
Go, stand in the temple, and preach to all the people the word of this life.
He restores to them their wickedness. He destroys them when they do evil. Yahweh our God will destroy them.
Let the day be cursed in the day that I was born. Don't let the day be blessed that my mother bore me.
that you might keep the truth of the Good News alive, we didn't receive it as a gift.
Thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will bring evil on this place, and on the inhabitants of it, even the curse that they have read in the book of the king of Judah.
He went and fetched the porters, and told the king.
and on the altar in Bethel, and on the altar of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, that he made Israel to sin, there stood Josiah the high places and the high places, and he burnt the high places which he had made, and hewed them from the Asherim.
The priest shall take all these, and wave them for a wave offering before Yahweh: and they shall be holy, with the drink offering of their breasts, and of their breasts, even to the priest; and afterward they shall offer themselves.
Grace to you, and peace from God, our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.
The wicked says in his heart, You will not follow. How is it that he despises God?
If you do evil to your brother's soul because of his eating, your works don't go out in love; don't destroy the things which are in your soul.
He wanders from the mountain, And the mountain doesn't know. He is angry, and brings down the mountains.
For God doesn't call you to the unclean life, but you to the holy life.
Say you to everyone his neighbor, and to every man his brother, What is Yahweh? or what is Yahweh?
So may your faith be established, that you will cast no stumbling block before our Lord Jesus Christ, and before his saints.
Deliver me from the evil-doers, And from those who desire my life.
and they will come to them and inquire of the priests and Levites, as well as of the judges; and they will show you the interpretation of the sentence.
Come, see my hands, and my feet. Surely I am. Touch me, and you shall know that there is no flesh in the ark. Touch me, all of you.
I will call on the Most High God, who tests me with all things.
They shall serve Yahweh their God, and David their king, whom I will raise up.
But Yahweh sent all the prophets and the seers against Israel and against Judah, saying, Keep my commandments and my statutes, and do them, as I commanded your fathers, and my servants the prophets, to depart from their evil ways.
Jesus said to him, This is he who speaks with you.
I opened my mouth, and he gave me the book to eat.
And the power of God has gone out in the midst of you, saints, until now.
They said one to another, Who has done this thing? When they had examined him, they said, This is what Gideon the son of Joash did.
Jacob fled from Laban, the Syrian, and didn't tell him.
The glory of Lebanon, the fir trees, and the pine trees, and the box trees, shall be yours together, to prepare for my sanctuary; and I will make my foothold glorious.
Speak to all the people of the land, and to the priests, saying, Are you fasting for me in seventy years, in the fifth month, in the seventh month?
He who loves to be first among you shall be bondservant of you.
Lift up your eyes, Jerusalem, and see from the north: where is the sheep which you had given your flock, the very best of your flocks?
He took the yoke of oxen, and put them in the hands of the messengers, and brought them throughout all Israel, saying, As many as were not with Saul and Samuel, to do likewise to them: and Yahweh brought them forth, and made them to be an astonishment.
You shall take the wings of the bird, and break them apart; but you shall not break them; but the priest shall burn them on the wood that is on the fire which is on the altar: it is a burnt offering, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
And keep your commandments, and your ordinances, and your statutes, and that which is in Solomon my son's heart to do; And that which is prepared for me in my house.
Save me according to your righteousness. Turn your ear to me, and save me.
The seed of Abraham, his servant, And the seed of Jacob, whom he chose;
Therefore we have sent Judah and Silas, who shall tell you the things that are told them, and the things that are revealed in the cup.
Behold, the day of Yahweh comes; it shall be cruel, and it shall be bitter, and it shall be very grievous; that this land shall become a desolation, and sinners shall be consumed out of it.
He was buried in his own tomb in the garden of Uzza; and Josiah his son reigned in his place.
It happened in the seventh month, in the house of Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, that he took with him ten men, and struck Gedaliah, and the Jews who were with him in Mizpah, and the Chaldeans:
I will tell God, Don't condemn me; Show me what you will contend with me.
So the king went forth, and all his household was with him: and the king left the ten concubines of the house.
But fear Yahweh, and serve him in sincerity and in truth; for great is his work that you shall remember for your sake.
They brought in the ark of Yahweh, and set it in its place, even David's tent for it: and David offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before Yahweh.
Jacob came from Paddan Aram. God appeared to him again, and blessed him.
I will not enter into my tent, Neither will I take my bed.
You have brought down the counsel of the needy. Yahweh will be their refuge.
and so is the dead in life. The body that is thrown down from the dust, the resurrection, is without fruit.
Abijah grew, and took fourteen wives, and twenty sons, and ten six daughters.
This is the bread which came down out of heaven, and was eaten, and never died.
He said, What is the Kingdom of God? How can I liken it?
My soul has said to Yahweh, You are my Lord. It is no good for me, but you.
There was also a son born to him who named him Benjamin, the father of the children of Ammon.
Don't rebuke the old man, but be like him who exhorts his father. Likewise, exhort the young men like his brothers;
So they served him before his throne day and night in his holy temple, and with him who sat on the throne they kept it.
Give to him who asks you, and don't let him take your things.
The multitude of those who sinned against their own souls made the altar secure, because they offered it before Yahweh; therefore it was holy for the children of Israel to be kept close.
A wicked man steals away a bribe, And it breaks in pieces justice.
Come down from your glorious place, you inhabitant of Dibon, And sit in a parched land; For the destruction of Moab is against you. Destroy your strongholds.
Listen to my voice, Job. Hold your peace, and I will speak.
Yahweh's voice makes the dove afraid, and bears her young, And makes the leaves of the forest as light as the light. All the people who are in the house say, It is Yahweh's glory.
who in day time seek me, and rejoice to know my ways, as a righteous nation, and don't depart from the law of their God. who in righteousness judge, and rejoice to be like God.
and the blood of the innocent for his blood, which he didn't fill Jerusalem with the blood of the innocent,
You turn the widow away empty. The fatherless is broken.
I will leave my heritage, and will deliver them into the hand of their enemies, and they shall become the enemies of all those who are taken captive.
Joab came to the king, and said, What have you done? behold, Abner is come to you: why have you sent him? let him go.
and the priest shall dip his finger in the blood, and sprinkle the blood seven times before Yahweh, before the veil of the sanctuary.
For a while, brothers, we were divided between ourselves and you, and our hearts didn't depart from you, but we desired to see you on our own side.
He who sat among them didn't know the saying by which he said it to him.
But if he doesn't exact this for his wife, then she shall be released from him, and he shall not make atonement for her with money.
But you came to Mount Zion, to the city of the living God, to Jerusalem in heaven, and there you will find ten thousand angels.
and a troop of men will come and grind a troop of men, according to your fall, and will buy a horse, and fill a chariot for a chariot; and you will fight with them in the open field, and will prevail against them.
Now therefore, please forgive my sin, and go up with me, that I may worship Yahweh.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: You were put to death in this city, even flesh, and this city is a caldron; but you shall be driven out of it.
He, the Lord of the land, said to us, If you desire to make me know that I am honest, let one of your brothers leave a son with me, that we may go and save a son of our own in the house.
The hand of me, Paul, greets you.
I will make your feasts mourning, and the singing of them mourning; and I will make all men gird themselves with sackcloth, and their heads without hair; and I will make them mourn as the sons of men, until the day of the end.
For you are their strength. Our horns are lifted up because of you.
Then came Isaiah the prophet to king Hezekiah, and said to him, What said these men? and from whence came they to you? Hezekiah answered, They are come from a far country, even from Babylon.
so that this teaching is not against men, but against the God who gives you the Holy Spirit.
Now my spirit is overwhelmed within me. Days of trouble hold me firmly.
I saw the ram close to him, and his anger was kindled against him, and he struck the ram, and broke his horns: there was no strength in the ram to stand before him; therefore he had the same ram withered, and there was no strength in him to stand.
He said, The Jews have spoken well, but tomorrow they will judge Paul more exactly. Tomorrow they will seek Paul's counsel.
According to the days of his life, he went to each brother's house, and made feasts. He sent, and ate and drank in their three sisters.
You shall grind your feet with millstones. You shall wash your clothes, and strip your clothes from off your clothes, and you shall uncover your legs.
Most assuredly I tell you, in your youth you shall bind your tents, and shall go wherever you desire; but in old age you shall stretch out your hand, and bind them on you, until you have accomplished that which you don't desire.
and Balaam, and all the storage cities of Solomon, and the cities of the chariots, and the cities of the horsemen, and Solomon in Jerusalem, and in Lebanon, and in all the land of his dominion, and in all his delight;
Jerusalem also and Judah were carried away captive to Babylon; and Jeremiah also was carried away by the captain of the guard, and bound him with fetters, and brought him up from Rameses: and the word of Yahweh came on Jeremiah.
Be still, daughter of the Chaldeans, and go into the darkness, for you shall no more be called the mistress of the nations.
God said, I will judge the kingdom of bondage. I will bring them out and worship me in this place.'
The king's wrath is like the roaring of a lion. His favor is like the dew of an owl.
He said therefore to them of his sons, when they had asked him; and they said, A little while, and a little while.
But now concerning this, what will you say? If God is for you, who can oppose you?
Cursed be he who takes bribes, and kills the innocent. All the people shall say, Amen.
Neither shall you make you pillars of engraved work: this is that which Yahweh your God hates.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: In the day that he went down into Sheol I mourned; and I covered the depths, and shook the rivers, and caused the mighty waters to cease; and I made Lebanon a wilderness, and fed it.
The wings of the cherubim were twenty cubits long, and the length of the one cherub was five cubits broad, and the breadth of the one wall on this side was five cubits broad, and the breadth of the other cherub was seven cubits broad.
All the Egyptians shall know that I am Yahweh; for they have had no strong rod, they are a burden to the house of Israel.
even the basket was filled with all the things that Pharaoh had eaten. The birds came and devoured all the things that were on my head.
But I tell you that whoever has a spirit of iniquities, and sees a woman having sexual immorality in her heart,
You faithless men, enter into the rest which is given to God, and I swore in my anger, saying, They will not enter into my rest. But Yahweh has established the Kingdom of God, and he has done it.
He killed it; and Moses sprinkled the blood on the altar round about.
Jacob said to Laban, Now that the sun is up, give me my wife, that I may go in to her.
All the vessels that were in the innermost parts of the sanctuary have now been utterly destroyed with axes and clubs.
Thus you shall let him not be moved by his father, nor by his mother.
Her sons built Huram; and they set up the garland of it, and set up the doors of it, the bolts of it, and the bars of it.
The people who were therein said to Elisha, See now, it is good for this city, as my lord sees it: but sin, that it should not be done.
Blessed be my rock, Yahweh, the living of my rock, The rock of my salvation!
and in Ziklag, and in Meconah, and in the towns of it,
Arise, go to Nineveh, and speak and correct them; for their iniquity is come on me.
Jesus said to him, Arise, go your way. Your faith has made you well.
So that Satan won't prevail against you, because you are very pure in his craftiness.
They were bound; they put on sackcloth, coats, and coats on them, and on the rest of their garments, and were thrown into the burning fiery furnace.
So the kingdom of Jehoshaphat was quiet, because his God had given him rest on every side.
My sister, my bride, I went into my garden, and all my bread and my spices were with me. Come, eat my honey and my honey. My wine and my drink. Come, drink my wine and my drink.
There was a paved stone in the stone, and gold was found in it.
Wash yourselves, and put away from my sight the evil of your doings, and guard your workers from evil.
Therefore the Jews contended with one another, saying, Why does this man give you flesh to eat?
Their buds and their branches shall be of one piece with it, the whole of it one beaten work of pure gold.
Beloved, though we say these things, We are persuaded that it is good for us to do so, and we will be saved.
His enemies are the devil, and his harvest is the end of the world. He who gathers things is an angel.
They cried out from the mountains and the hills, and came and covered us, that we might escape from the place where he sat on the throne, and from the wrath of the Lamb.
Behold, you belong to the land where it is not; and your works belong to the land of vanity, and your chosen ones are an abomination.
Receive therefore the authority, not for fear of God, but for compassion.
He will call the heavens above, and the earth beneath, To judge his people.
The bull of the sin offering, and the goat of the sin offering, their blood is brought into the sanctuary, and their flesh shall be brought forth out of the camp, and their flesh shall be burned with fire.
When Christ has laid down his life for us, then you know what love is to us, and whether we should lay it for the dead or for the dead.
They brought out the priests out of the cities of Judah, and defiled the high places that were burnt with incense, from Geba even to Beersheba, and broke down the high places that were the gates of the city, even the gates of Joshua the ruler, which were before the gate; and they brought them in before the people.
The man of God sent to the king of Israel, saying, See that you don't pass by anything; for the Syrians are come down.
For they offered willingly, and the people rejoiced; for they had offered willingly to Yahweh: and king David was very glad.
Your kingdom is come; and your desire is fulfilled, It is set on the earth as it is on the sky.
The outside gate was toward the north; and the breadth of it was measured.
Therefore his calamity will come within one day, and will be with death, and mourning, and famine; and he will be devoured with fire, for the power of God, his judge, is great.
Behold, Ahaziah was in Samaria; and Jehu led him, and they took him, and brought him to Jehu, and killed him, and they buried him; for they said, He has sought after Yahweh's house, the house of Jehoshaphat, but he has not done so.
To repay the nations, And to punish the nations.
When I heard you in my ears, And have seen you in my eyes;
If my soul entices a woman, Or if I hide a woman by the door of my neighbor's house,
So is the stone. So is the wrath of the foolish more than the one.
It roars like a donkey in the forest. It treads under a bush.
The fear of Yahweh is a knowledge; The foolish despise wisdom and instruction.
You will be alienated from God once, And evil in the sight of his enemies.
The rest took his servants, and humbled themselves, and killed them.
Yes, there is one who is strong, like a fattened calf; and they turn and flee away, and don't stand: for they are afflicted, the time of their visitation.
That the servant of God might be rich in all good works,
I will count Rahab and Babylon among my people; and behold, Philistia and Tyre and Ethiopia are born in Zion.
Jesus answered them, Be careful that no one leads you astray.
But he who called you is the true God, who will also confirm you in this way.
Now there was a certain man of the family of the Danites, whose name was Manoah, whose wife was barren, and who was not born.
How is it that the Christ is at peace with the devil? Where is the faithless and the unbelieving?
Then said he to me, All the chambers on the south side, which are before the open place, are holy; but the priests shall eat there the most holy things, even the meal offering, and the drink offering, and the drink offering, and the meal offering.
Which birds of prey in the way to the sky, And serpents in the way of the rock, And creeping things in the sea,
The anger of Yahweh was kindled against Israel, and he delivered them into the hand of those who despoiled them; and they despoiled them, and sold them into the hand of all their enemies round about, so that they could not stand before their enemies.
This shall say, I am Yahweh's; and this shall call the name of Jacob, and this shall write with his own hands: Yahweh's, he shall call the name of Israel.
Why, my soul, do you go astray? Why are you striving within me? Hope in Yahweh, for I shall still praise him. He is my glory, my God.
You have surely heard of it, that for your sakes grace was given to me.
But Peter stood outside at the door, and the other disciple, the high priest, went out to tell the woman who was the doorkeeper, and she brought him in.
The boiled water is sweet. The boiled bread is sweeter than water.
I didn't recognize him, but I baptized with water, that the children of Israel might know him.
You have established your people Israel to you forever. You are their God, Yahweh.
Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ loves the assembly, and offers himself for the assembly;
By the border of Asher, from the east side to the west side, Naphtali, one portion.
Take their daughters to be wives, and give their daughters to their sons, and serve their gods.
May God speak, and open his mouth to you,
The priest shall take some of the blood of the sin offering with his finger, and put it on the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and pour out the blood under the altar of burnt offering.
They cried, and there was none to deliver them: Yes, he would cry to Yahweh, but he would not answer them.
These are the inheritances which Yahweh commanded in the land of Canaan to give to the children of Israel.
and to listen to the nations whom Yahweh has driven forward in Israel, and to the ordinances of the kings of Israel.
They shall make an ark of acacia wood: the length shall be two and a half cubits, and the breadth a cubit and a half, and a cubit and a half its height.
Shall I speak any more? for I have no right to make mention of Gideon, and Baalak, and Samson, and Jephthah, and David, and Samuel, and all the prophets.
He said to them, Why do men say that Christ is the seed of David?
The length of each curtain shall be twenty-eight cubits, and the breadth of each curtain four cubits. All the curtains shall have one measure.
Listen to instruction, and you will receive wisdom. Don't turn away my instruction.
who bore our iniquities in the cross, that we should escape from the iniquities of death, and should live in righteousness;
So you also, when you do the work of your hands, say, The unprofitable servant, who is ready to make an end.'
Now these hold me for a song, And a scepter to them.
Speak to the congregation, and tell them, Depart from the tents of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram.'
But the firstborn of any animal shall not be holy; for it is the firstborn of an ox when it is fed by Yahweh.
They are not yet destroyed, But their foundations are overflowed with water.
But now, behold, my lord's chosen ones are wheat, barley, oil, and wine. We are able to answer these servants.
He said to them, But who do you say that I am? Peter answered, You are the Christ.
Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ through the will of God, and Susanna our brother,
neither will I any more defile myself with idols, with abominations, and with all their transgressions; and I will deliver them out of all their habitations, even out of all their iniquities; and I will cleanse them, and they shall be my people; and I will be their God.
But you despise the poor. Don't you count the rich among those who oppress you and drag you out of the marketplace?
My people, put sackcloth on them, and lay them in the ashes; and mourn, as the holy child does, and weep sore in his heart; for suddenly the destroyer shall come among you.
Now Lazarus was dead, but they counted him asleep.
He built altars in Yahweh's house, of which Yahweh said, I will put my name in Jerusalem.
He shall cleanse the house with the blood of it, with the running water, with the living bird, with the cedar, and with the hyssop.
and he shall offer a fourth part of a hin of wine for a drink offering, the burnt offering, and the sacrifices of it:
You shall bind a blue robe to the turban, that is before the turban.
It happened after this, that Sennacherib king of Assyria and all his army struck Lachish, and sent his servants to Jerusalem to Hezekiah king of Judah, and to all Judah who were in Jerusalem, saying,
I am like one who doesn't hear, And doesn't answer with my mouth.
Paul, an apostle of God, and an apostle of Jesus Christ, called to the faith of the chosen ones, who brought them into the knowledge of the truth of your faith.
The altar also was torn. The ashes on it were poured out, according to the word of Yahweh, which his servant spoke.
Now therefore I am no longer worthy to be your son. Please give me as your hire.'
Behold, I am against the prophets who steal my words from their fellows.
When you see it in the South, you say, The heat is coming;' and you rise up sharply.
Now Joab the son of Zeruiah began to number him; but the number of all the things from the anger of Yahweh came on Israel, so that he didn't number them to the end, neither did he write in the book of the chronicles of David.
Beloved, I write to you with all boldness, to speak of the salvation that is under your wings; and I write to you boldly that you may continue in the faith of God.
Yes, most assuredly, I desire that you do these things in order, that the servants of God may live with all their heart and with all their soul. These things are done to the whole world, and to the whole people.
I have sworn by you, says Yahweh, that you have done this thing: you have not left your son, the only son of your womb:
Pray for us, that we may have a testimony of this, even the testimony of Christ. Here I am.
Yahweh said to Moses, Put the rod of Aaron under the ark of the testimony, and let them be for a snare to the rebels; that they not die by the murmurings of me.
He said, My little daughter is dying. Please lay your hand on her, that she may recover, and that she may rise again.
Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego were bound, and they all fell into the midst of a burning fiery furnace.
He offered the burnt offerings to Yahweh on the Sabbaths, in the new moons, and in the set feasts, according to the number of the things, according to the ordinance, before Yahweh continually.
They flee as valiant men; They go up into the city as the right hand or the left, everyone after his way.
For I perceive that he who is blameless is not worthy to pay attention to his cause.
It happened, while they yet talked with him, that the king's chamberlain came, and sent Haman away to the banquet that Esther had prepared.
Absalom fled there to Geshur three years.
Say you, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: This city shall have shed blood therein, and shall bring forth her days, and shall defile herself with her idols; and it shall be a desolation and a curse.
Aaron shall come into the sanctuary, and shall bring a young bull for a sin offering, and a ram for a burnt offering.
Let their iniquities be continually before Yahweh, That he may cut off the memory of them from the earth.
Joseph answered Pharaoh, It isn't me; for Yahweh will show Pharaoh peace.
You know that the Son of God has come, and has made you to know him who is true. You are joined to him who is true, because you have been made partakers of his Christ Jesus. Yes, and the life of him who is true is yours.
Absalom said, I haven't yet set myself a judge in this place. All flesh will come to me concerning judgment, and I will judge righteously.
They rose up early in the morning on the seventh day, and compassed the city seven times, after the same manner: but it would happen that one day would compass the city seven times.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: Consider your ways.
There ships shall come from Kittim, To Assyria, To Eber; And he shall perish forever.
The priest shall take of the fat of the reed, and put it into his own hand.
Then came the heads of fathers' houses of the families of the sons of Joseph, and of the sons of Manasseh, and of Gilead, the sons of Machir, to Moses, and to the princes of the children of Israel;
Therefore don't remain in the stumbling block of Christ, but be prepared to the fullness of the same, that you may not return to the glory of God in the same hour,
If I must reckon, it is much more than the sand of the seas. If I must sleep, I will be with you.
When this God of all Israel chose your fathers, and made them a great people in the land of Egypt, with a mighty hand, and brought them forth out of Egypt,
In his crown and in his legs shall be a name written, The King of kings, and the Lord of lords.
Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron, and said, Go, and sacrifice in this place to our God.
To your servant is written the law, And great gifts are given to him who is commanded.
It happened, as soon as the magicians had departed, that an angel of the Lord came to him, and said, Arise, and take the young child and his mother, and flee into Egypt, and stay there until I come again, for Herod seeks to kill her.
If I say to the corrupt, You are my father;' Or to the worm, You are my mother and my sister.'
The waters will fail from the sea, and the river will be wasted and become dry.
In that day they will sing in the land of Judah this song: A strong city will be built. She will build the wall of salvation for a foreign city.
Babylon, I have made you a snare, and you don't know what you will find; you are found, and found; for you are an enemy, you and Yahweh.
But are you thus in all affliction? For you must do all these things.
He said, Do all that you command me.
Then said Ahimaaz to the king, Peace be to you. He bowed himself down to the ground before the king, and said, Blessed be Yahweh your God, who has delivered the chariots of my lord the king against him.
But as for you, you who are wise have a burden of your own. Don't be satisfied with your own lusts.
Three gates: the gate of Reuben, and the gate of Judah, and the gate of Levi, shall be three gates.
Jehoiakim was twenty-five years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Zebdijah the daughter of Pediath the Lumahite.
They will swallow up the north, but in what they don't see, they will swallow up, for the appearance of that evil is as it was. Then I will wake up.
On the fifth day Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai, prince of the children of Simeon
Then he said, Go with me, and see the zeal that I have for Yahweh. He sat on his chariot.
He took up his parable, and said, Balaam the son of Beor says, The man whose eye was closed says;
All the land of Egypt, whatever is in the field, both man and animal, shall be struck with a hail, and the hail shall strike every herb of the field, and all the trees of the field shall be destroyed.
The captain of the guard gave them to Joseph, and he waited for them. They had a great concubine in the prison.
Your servant lives among the peoples, As a people who are innumerable.
No longer do we see our signs, neither do we have prophets; neither do any among us know how long this shall be.
They said, There came up an Egyptian, and he delivered us out of the hand of the shepherds. He gave us water for the flocks to drink for us.
Now I will arise, and walk through the city, and through the streets, and in the public squares, and I will seek out that which is in my heart, and I will seek that which is not.
This is the appearance of glory, that Yahweh kindles on the mountains, that the children of Israel look on.
Many peoples and great nations shall come to Jerusalem to seek Yahweh of Armies, to seek Yahweh's favor.
You shall count the children of the whole congregation of Israel by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, one male.
Remember therefore where you have fallen, and repent and take up a walk in the love that is before you, lest I come and take your lampstand away from you.
Those who knew him, when they saw him prophesying among the prophets, said one to another, What has happened to the son of Kish? Is Saul also among the prophets?
I will praise Yahweh at even. My mouth will praise him continually.
If a stranger is among you, or if there are any inhabitants of every generation, to offer an offering made by fire to Yahweh of sweet spices, so shall you do: they shall do likewise.
They said to one another, Come now, let us make bricks, and make bricks for it; and they would make bricks for it, and mortars for it.
Yahweh said to Samuel, Listen to their voice, and set a king over them. Samuel said to the children of Israel, Go, every man to his city.
He shall come with his arm as an offering made by fire to Yahweh; with fat and with milk, that he may wave back and forth before Yahweh.
They took the flesh, even the fat and the fat, the thighs, and the legs, and laid them up within; and they filled the bones.
and has not gone up to the mountain to eat, nor lifted up his eyes to the idols of the house of Israel, neither has defiled his neighbor's wife,
Therefore I will make Samaria a heap in the field, and a place for the grapes; and I will pour out its stones among the valleys, and will lift up its branches.
Then Eliashib the priest, and Tobiah the son of Tobiah, in the chamber which was in the house of our God, testified, saying,
Woe to you! Who will deliver you out of the hand of the mighty God! This God was struck with all plagues in the wilderness.
They will be despised in the sight of the Lord, Who works in heaven;
But I don't want you to know, brothers, that I preach any good news which I preach.
and say, Hear, you mountains of Israel, the word of the Lord Yahweh; says the Lord Yahweh, From the mountains, from the hills, from the clefts of the waters, and from the valleys: Behold, I, even I, will bring the sword on you, and I will destroy your hills.
His parents were amazed; and he charged them that they should tell no one what had happened.
Now after David and Saul were grown up, Jonathan's life was joined to David's life; and Jonathan loved him as his own life.
Therefore I have filled the anger of Yahweh with wrath, so that he can't stand. Therefore I will pour out my wrath on the children of the streets, and on the young men of the gathered assembly, and on those who are gathered together, until there be no end of you, and no end of you.
This is the portion of the wicked which he got from God, and which he assigned him.
I will put my Spirit within you, that you may walk in my statutes, and keep my ordinances.
Pilate answered him, What shall I do to him, because you are he who is called King of the Jews?
Let him strike with the cheek, full of shame.
through the mouth of all the prophets who prophesied of his Christ, because it was fulfilled
As she made an end of following her, she came with her to Bahurim. Abner said to her, Go your way. So she went her way.
Then said he to me, The house of Israel and the house of Judah are sore troubled; and all the land shall be full of bloody crimes; for they say, Yahweh has departed from this land, and Yahweh doesn't see it.
But you believe that you are a God, the Father, and all that he has made, and you live because of him. You are one, Lord, Jesus Christ, and have no dominion over the earth, but also over the Spirit.
You shall consecrate the fiftieth year as a holy year, and proclaim throughout all the land to all the inhabitants of it: this year shall be a jubilee to you. You shall go everyone to his inheritance, and everyone to his house.
My son, if you are collateral for your neighbor, And have collateral in the hand of a stranger,
The word of Yahweh that came to Jeremiah from Jehoiakim the son of Josiah, king of Judah, saying,
and took away the sodomites out of the land, and all the idols that his fathers had made;
So Gad came to David, and said to him, Thus says Yahweh, You shall speak for yourself, saying,
A leper came to Jesus, and kneeling down, begged him, saying, If you want to, you can make me clean.
Why should a man enter into the house of the strong man to plunder? Shouldn't he first bind the strong man?
When I was there a worker, Make him glad all day long, Let him be joyful before you.
The words of his mouth are foolishness. His last words are foolishness of men.
Pharaoh's daughter said to her, Take the child, and put me to death, and I will give you my wages. The woman took the child and went away.
My angel will go before you, and will bring you to the land of the Amorites, and to the Hittites, and to the Perizzites, and to the Canaanites, and to the Hivites, and to the Jebusites: and I will cut them off.
Of the children of Judah, their generations, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
Who will stand before him? Yes, in his wrath, in his wrath? His anger turns away like fire, And he rocks because he has it.
Search your way, and turn to Yahweh.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh. Listen to my cry. Don't keep your tears. I am a foreigner, and a son of my fathers, before you.
There was nothing like the Passover, since the days of Samuel the prophet, in Israel; neither was there any king over Israel like Josiah, nor like the priests, nor like the Levites, nor like the princes, nor like the inhabitants of Judah, nor like the inhabitants of Jerusalem, who kept the Passover.
Greet Ubanus, my laboring in Christ, and the house of Shudah, my beloved.
The four corners of the court were answerable, and the walls were round about on their four sides; and each court was forty cubits long, and was thirty in breadth; and the four corners of the court were like their own house.
Laban said, It is good; let me do according to your word.
Then Job answered Yahweh,
They set up their cities, and cast out every man his stone, and filled all the good land, and set up every fountain, and cut down every man his goodly tree, instead of the stone of Ger Hareseth; and they brought up the first stone against it.
For if I came to lay on the earth a fire, it wouldn't have been given me if I had kindled it.
It will happen in that day, that I will cause David to lift up five branches of wood, and he will walk in justice and righteousness on the earth.
the gold of Ophir, three thousand talents, and seven thousand talents of fine silver, to set up the walls of the houses.
Now the king was sitting in the gate of Benjamin, when Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, the king's chamberlain, heard that they had dug a well for Jeremiah.
Therefore let the woman's head be shaved, and it will be plowed from the top of the ark of the testimony, and it will be for the fear of the angel.
This is the sin offering which Yahweh has commanded, and has given to you, to bear the iniquity of the congregation, to make atonement for them before Yahweh: why then are you not able to make atonement for them?
Ephraim is oppressed, judged, and bowed down, Because he listens with his heart to the commandment.
When Rachel saw that he didn't bear Jacob, she envied him. She said to Jacob, Give me a son, or else I would die.
He arose, and ate and drink; and he trusted in the strength of his eating: and he went forty days and forty nights, and came to Yahweh's mountain, to Horeb.
If I have kept back the eyes of the poor, Or the eyes of the widow from looking into it;
Don't be greedy for the world, or for the world. If a man loves this world, he doesn't love the Father.
I will gather all peoples, and bring them down to the valley of Jehoshaphat, and there will I judge them; for they have swallowed up my people, even my inheritance, Israel, and scattered them among the nations.
Yahweh said to me, You will see their way again, and will do greater abominations than these.
You know, and I don't know. I am not inferior to you.
Then heaven and earth will rejoice, and all that is therein, because of Babylon's destruction; and those who destroy shall come to her out of the north, says Yahweh.
When they had touched one another, we got into the boat, and went away to their own homes.
For who doesn't know in all these things that the hand of God has done this?
But now the word of Yahweh says: In the third year, according to the years of their service, the glory of Moab will come to shame, and the remnant of it will be unprofitable.
It was told David, and he sent to meet them; for the men were greatly ashamed. The king said, Stay at Jericho until your beards be grown, and then return.
A very great multitude shall stumble and fall, and shall fall and be taken:
As they went up to the mountain to enter into the city, behold, there came up some of the young women to draw water, and said to them, Is there here a seer or a seer?
It happened, as they were eating with the apostles, that the devil gave whatever he wanted in the heart of Judah, the son of Simon, of the Chaldeans.
I will bring him forth, says Yahweh of Armies, into the houses of the robbers, and into the houses of those who swear by my name, and into the houses of those who destroy him; and he shall be the head of his fathers.
You will bow yourself under the captivity, Under the slain: therefore his anger is not turned away, But his hand is stretched out still.
So Bathsheba went to king Solomon, to speak to Adonijah. The king rose up to meet her, and called her, and sat on her throne, and commanded the king's mother to sit on her throne.
Speak now to Rehoboam the son of Solomon, king of Judah, and to all the house of Benjamin, and to all the rest of the people, saying,
Moses and the elders of Israel returned into the camp.
For what does the engraved image profit, that it may be made known to him? What profit does the molten image of the molten image, and the molten image of the molten image, that it may be made known to him?
You shall rejoice in Yahweh your God, you, and the Levite, and the foreigner who is among you; for Yahweh your God has given you all the good things that are in your land.
The servants of Amon conspired against him, and killed him in the king's house.
for I have not lived in a house since the day I brought up Israel to this day; but from the tent even to the tent, and from the curtain to the curtain.
Your heavenly Father will also count the hair of your head.
If a priest's daughter commits adultery, and shames herself, even her father, she shall be burned with fire.
There appeared another sign in the sky, a great javelin, seven heads, ten horns, and seven crowns on the head of the king.
But if you want to assemble a congregation, blow an alarm, but don't blow an alarm.
Jacob awoke, and said, Truly Yahweh is with me, and I don't know.
You have brought in your redeemed by your loving kindness. You have brought them into your sanctuary by your power.
Besides all this, he is also a partner with us in the assembly, who also encourages us in all things, for this work is acceptable to us, although it is not written in the book of Psalms.
They lived in the plains of Sinar, in which they stayed all the while they traveled eastward.
Thus shall you do to the lepers, as you have commanded them; and you shall observe to do to all that the priests the Levites shall teach you.
All day long have I stretched out my hand to the rebellious peoples, who do not walk in their own ways.
He said to them, If anyone divorces his wife, and marries another, commits adultery, and marries her;
A fire breaks out in the midst of her. A flame devours the wicked.
He made supplication to Yahweh his God in the time of his trouble, and humbled himself exceedingly in the sight of his fathers.
The priest shall examine it again on the seventh day, and behold, if the plague has spread in the wall of the house,
The meal offering shall be an ephah for an ephah of bull, and a ram, and a lamb for the ephah of the ram, as the ephah for the ephah of the lamb:
because of all the wickedness of the children of Israel and of the children of Judah, with their kings, their princes, and their priests, and their prophets, and all Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, who have provoked me to anger.
For they have deceived my people, saying, Peace!' Yet there is no peace, for they have made them drunken, as when one goes to the wall.
He did so, and lit the lamps in the lampstand, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
One of the first days of unleavened bread, which was the day when they killed the Passover, the Passover, they were asking him, Where do you want us to prepare for you to eat the Passover?
Then I will cause you to go down to the ancients, with those who go down to Sheol; and I will cause you to dwell in the lower parts of the earth, from the waste places, even to the ancients, who go down to Sheol, and no man shall live any more in it.
But Yahweh has sat enthroned forever. He has appointed his throne to judge.
Then Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, who was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah the son of Asaph, the recorder, went out to him.
He gathered all the people together, and said to them, Ahab has served Baal, and Jehu has served him with a great army.
But I know that the Lord will soon also allow me to come to you.
Woe to the rebellious, to the filthy, and to the perverse city!
Most assuredly I tell you, this blood will be poured out on this generation.
The heart of the wise is in the house of mourning, But the heart of fools is in the house of gladness.
But all these things were done, that the prophecy might be fulfilled in the Scriptures. Then the disciples left him, and fled.
Israel is become as a heifer to him who sows bread. Now Yahweh will feed them like a flock in a large land.
As he opened the door, a certain woman named Lot came out to hear what she might say.
The angel of Yahweh met Hagar by the spring of the wilderness, which is in the way to Shur.
Now, Lord, according to your word bring peace to your servant out of the world.
Behold, Rebekah is before you. You shall take her, and do to her, as Yahweh has spoken, and give her to your master's son as wife.
A truthful witness doesn't lie, But a false witness lies.
It happened after these things, that king Ahasuerus lifted up Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, and exalted him above all his princes who were round about him.
Even the prophets and the priests are profane in my house, says Yahweh; and I have seen their wickedness.
He said, At about the ninth hour of the day, I was praying at home, having a man girded with tears and standing before me,
On every high hill, under every green tree, stood pillars and the Asherim;
But every man shall eat those who have bought him for money.
But he will be brought to the tomb, And will be kept in his tomb.
Most assuredly I tell you, he who finds that lost sheep will be better than ninety-nine, and will not be disappointed.
You shall declare this to your sons, and to the sons, and to the sons, and to the children, and to the generations to come.
But when he drew near, he sent his servants, saying, Prepare all things that we may.'
Saul went by the spear; for he said, I will strike David, and cast him on the wall: and David escaped before him two times.
Behold, they listened to the counsel of Balaam, to cause Israel to sin against Yahweh, in the land of Beer; so that the congregation of Yahweh met with pestilence.
If anyone among you names us, and prophesies or writes or writes, The day of the Lord has come, don't let your heart be moved, neither let it be fearful.
The horse of Solomon is that which came up out of Egypt, and is the king's merchant: there is one quiver left at that time, after the price of it.
You have not done after their ways, neither have you done after their abominations: you have shown more kindness in your doings than in your praise.
He will redeem their soul from oppression and from oppression. He will see their blood as a precious thing.
At your rebuke comes forth, Yahweh, At the breath of your nostrils, the waves of the sea appear, The foundations of the earth are uncovered.
When the priests went forth out of the sanctuary, a cloud filled the house of Yahweh.
He sent out the ravenous ravens. The ravenous ravens plucked them up, and dried up all the waters of the earth.
Listen to father's instruction, you sons. Get understanding with all your heart.
The concubine, when she came to rebel against her husband, departed from him, and returned to Bethlehem to her father's house four months.
Behold, this is the smallness of his doings. From the sound of his voice, what is it that you hear? From the thunder of his strength, who can tear?
It shall happen, that I will deliver Zedekiah king of Judah and his servants, and the people, who are left, in this city, into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand of his enemies, from the pestilence, and from the sword, and out of the famine, and out of the camp of Yahweh; for no man has struck them.
For, saying, You trust in him, that you are alive, in his works, and in his loving kindness,' you are like those who are among you, saying, Because we are also his seed.'
Now in the twelfth month, on the thirteenth day of the month Adar, the king's commandment and his decree was to come, with the hope of the Jews' enemies, that they might have dominion over them in the day of their visitation, and that they might have dominion over them in the land of Judah.
Then I was afraid of the sorrows of my soul, For I knew that God would not hold me guiltless.
But his face was changed in prayer, and his garments became pale and bright.
As for all the assemblies of the people, let the women keep silence in the assembly, and don't lift up their voice. The law of the Jews is subject to them.
For the land will not dwell there, neither will any son of man sojourn there, as will be the overthrow of Sodom and Gomorrah and the neighboring cities.
You shall therefore keep his commandments which I command you this day, that you may be well with your children, and that you may prolong your days in the house of Yahweh your God, until it be well with you.
King Rehoboam sent Adullam, who was over the men subject to forced labor to Israel; and all Israel stoned him to death with stones. King Rehoboam made speed to get him up and go to Jerusalem.
Give thanks to Yahweh, For he is good, For his loving kindness endures forever.
to which he gave us the precious things of his promise, and the great grace, that we might be justified in the sight of this promise in the spirit of God,
So Jalmuth with his suburbs, and the forces with his suburbs; four cities in all.
But to him who fears Yahweh, his loving kindness shall be forever, And his righteousness to his seed after him;
so that we may be as the nations; and let our king judge between us all, and be our head, and fight for us.
For we are foolish in Christ's sake, but we are debtors in Christ's flesh. We are weak, but you are strong. Let us be of good courage.
Take heed now, and keep it until you come within the chamber of the house of Yahweh which is in Jerusalem, and before the priests, and before the Levites, and before the heads of the fathers' houses of the children of Israel.
I, Peter, the apostle of Jesus Christ, wrote this letter and published it in the spirit and in the spirit, in Pontus, Galatia, Gebadokiah, Asia, and in Persis, the great God.
They shall have two kinds of hearts, and shall be condemned; and Yahweh will break down their altars, and break down their pillars.
He went and called them Chenath and the villages of Chenath, after their own names.
Your word, Yahweh, remains in heaven forever.
I am therefore exceedingly glad and distressed for you. I am afflicted and afflicted in the body, even in the assembly, which is in Christ.
A stingy man devises evil against the governor, And destroys the wicked with lies; And when the poor speak justice, he will be destroyed also.
The word of Yahweh that came to Jeremiah in the eighteenth year of Zedekiah king of Judah, which was the tenth year of Nebuchadnezzar.
Blessed is the man who finds no way to do evil in the sight of sinners, Who doesn't stand in the way of sinners, Who doesn't sit with scoffers.
The children of Benjamin came up from Gibeah the second day, and struck them, and struck of the children of Israel eighteen thousand men: all these drew the sword.
If you do this, you will be called children of the Father, because he causes the evil man and the good man to rain on the righteous and the unrighteous.
You have brought down great rain, God. You have made Israel strong in your inheritance.
For there were many prostitutes, prostitutes, and prostitutes who deceived the nations with her prostitution, and many peoples with her enchantments.
the princes of Judah, and the princes of Jerusalem, and the eunuchs, and the priests, and all the people who were in the land, all who were broken up from the calves;
He said, Swear to me, today. Esau swore to him, and sold Jacob's birthright.
Then David said, There is none who can bear the ark of God except the Levites: for Yahweh has chosen them to bear the ark of God, and to minister to him forever.
When they had scattered, he went up into the mountain alone, and prayed. Now it was evening, and he was alone.
Behold, Yahweh has given you the Sabbath,. Therefore on the sixth day he will give you two days' bread, and on the seventh day every man shall eat his own bread. You shall not go out.
and said to them, My soul is exceedingly sorrowful, even to death. Here you shall dwell, and be sober.
The priest shall write these curses in the book, and put them on the water with the inkhorns.
It's like a man fleeing from the lion, and fleeing. He stumbles upon a bear, and enters into a house, and it is spotted with a snake in his hand.
Don't be negligent. Obey those who are of faith and of perseverance in the word of God.
You shall eat unleavened bread six days. In the seventh day you shall keep the solemn assembly of Yahweh your God. You shall do no work.
Then he brought me forward to the temple by the way of the gate. Then I looked, and behold, the glory of Yahweh filled the house of Yahweh; and I fell on my face.
The anger of Yahweh was kindled against Israel, and he said, Because the people have broken my covenant, which I commanded their fathers, and have not obeyed my voice,
They said, Come, and let us build cities and towers, and let us make a name for us in the sky, that we not be scattered on all the earth.
For you have girded me with strength, And delivered me from war. You have subdued to me those who rose up against me.
Teacher, where is the law all the time?
For twenty cubits was the space over against it, and for ten cubits the outside of it, and over against the surface of the ground.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Most assuredly I have said, Your house, your father's house, will walk before me forever; but now, Yahweh, I have said, I will not do this thing; for my house shall be desolate, and my house shall be utterly desolate.
Keep the first fruits of your testimony. If you keep the first fruits of your testimony, then you will continue in the Father's house.
They shall take the covering of the tent of meeting, the curtains of it, the tent of meeting with its covering, the veil of the sea on it, and the screen of the door of the tent of meeting;
The men ate, and the servants sat on the table, ministering and ministering, and their clothing and their cup; and they saw him, that he was come up to the temple of Yahweh; there was no more spirit in his flesh.
I don't desire that you should set aside other men in need, but that you might have something to help one another.
and outside of the Jordan at Jericho, at the east side of the Jordan, in the land of the tribe of Reuben, Bezer in the wilderness with its suburbs, and Arza with its suburbs,
The length of each curtain was thirty cubits, and the breadth of each curtain four cubits. All the curtains had one measure.
He who knows your name trusts, For you have not forsaken those who seek you.
He said to him, Arise, go down to the street of the middle, and seek a man in the house of Judah, whose name is Saul's, and you will see him praying.
There were written in the wall of the house round about, even the cherubim, which were written in the book of the chronicles, in the work of the hands and in the work of the flowers.
They shall stumble and be destroyed; Yes, we shall rise and stand.
Then the princes of Edom were amazed, and the mighty men of Moab trembled, and their hearts melted, even all the inhabitants of the land of Canaan.
When they had come together, they begged Pilate that he would release one prisoner.
Aaron took them by the hand, and made a calf, and fastened it with a sash. The people said, It is your god, Israel, who brought you out of the land of Egypt.
Whose mouth utters wickedness, And their lips have a sword?' They say, Who can hear it?'
but in everything love and truth, bearing witness with every purpose of his, for Christ is your head;
Then he spoke to Arioch the captain of the king's guard, saying, Why is the commandment of the king fulfilled? Arioch told Daniel.
She conceived again, and bare a son, and said, Now will I praise Yahweh; therefore he called his name Judah. Then she stopped, and gave birth no more.
I was born from the mountain, Before the mountain was established, Before the mountain was built.
Yes, and not I only, do it with you all the time, but also with all diligence.
Then Joseph found favor in his sight, and served him. He made him overseer of his house, and delivered all that he had into his hand.
For he who hears the law is not righteous before God, but one who does the law will be justified.
I have many things to tell you, but I am unwilling to come to you with water and with oil. I hope to come, and I will tell you on the surface of the earth, that your joy may be made full.
They killed James, John's brother, with the edge of the sword.
They can't sing, neither can they drink wine; And the drunken shall be gone.
Make known his salvation, And his righteousness among the nations.
But Phmenai and Alexander were among them. I delivered them up to Satan, so that they were taught, and could no more blaspheme, but profaned God.
Zebul said to him, You said, Who is Abimelech, that you should serve him? Where are you saying these words? Isn't this your despised people? Go out and fight.
The king's servants said to him, Haman is standing in the court. He said, Call him in.
Out of the north comes the brightness of the expanse. God is awesome.
It shall happen in the two years that I will bring back all the vessels of the house of Yahweh out of the land of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, to this place.
But if the husband shall break it in the day that he hears it, then all that proceeds out of his mouth, or all that is vows, or all that is a covenant of his own, shall be void; because his husband has broken it, he shall not be forgiven.
He said to them, From the increase of food, and from the increase of violence. They found no way out of the land in three days.
They took the chief of his who were to come in after him, and offered him on the wall for a burnt offering; and there came a great trouble on Israel, and they departed from him, and went to their own land.
Yahweh raised up an enemy against Solomon, the son of Hadad, the Edomite: he was the king of Edom's son-in-law.
The children of Israel did as Yahweh commanded Moses, and divided the land.
All things are clean from the pure, yes, all things from the unclean and the unbelieving; yes, even their inward parts and their innermost parts are unclean.
The men of Judah and the children of Israel will be gathered together, and will set up for themselves a chief man from the land; for the day of Jezreel will be a great day.
Moses and all the congregation of Israel made a raid at the door of the Tent of Meeting, and behold, one of the children of Israel came to his brothers, with his eyes open, and a Midianite.
He did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, as did David his father.
In the beginning of the reign of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah, king of Judah, came this word to Yahweh, saying,
Of all the males who are sons of Aaron, eat these things, as the portion of the offerings of Yahweh made by fire forever, until you have accomplished all these things.
In that day there will be a flood from you into Egypt to Assyria. The Assyrian will go into Egypt, and the Egyptians will go into Assyria. The Egyptians will serve Yahweh with the Assyrians.
The king said, Yahweh do so to me, and more also, if Elisha the son of Shaphat be still in his flesh this day.
He called to himself Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces who were with him, and all the people, from the least of them even to the greatest of them;
But you shall secretly sigh, and don't raise your voice, neither shall you mourn; and your head shall be wrapped around, and your feet shall be put on, and you shall not cover your lips, neither shall you eat bread from your mouth.
Zedekiah the king said, Behold, he is in your hand: the king shall not deny you anything.
For if you put on your garments, you will not be naked.
When I have spoken, they cease from speaking; My words are like those on them.
Then the inhabitants of the camp shall say, Behold, you hope of this, in that you escape from the king of Assyria, and escape, and escape; why then are you escaped?
If it is a sign that you trust, I will; But if any man believes that you trust, I will be stronger than that.
But Christ didn't create himself the glory of the high priest, but was spoken to by God, saying, You are my Son, and I bear you today.
If then David calls him Lord, how is he his son?
They came to Ruel his father. He said, Why are you so near to us today?
Son of man, I have broken the arms of Pharaoh king of Egypt; I have not bound up his wounds, neither have I covered his waist, neither have I encamped against him with a strong sword.
Now Mordecai was clothed with blue and white, and was adorned with fine gold, and was adorned with a robe of fine linen, and came forth from the presence of the king.
Having therefore declared a new covenant, he made the first covenant into a new one; which, when it was finished, departed into a new one, and perished.
Behold, Yahweh comes in the midst of the fire, And his chariot is like a whirlwind. He requites in his wrath, And does chasten in his flame.
I tell you, no, but, unless you repent, you will all perish in the same way.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Don't enter into my sanctuary any of the Gentiles of the house of Israel, who are uncircumcised in heart, and uncircumcised in flesh.
When he was come to Jerusalem, and many were with him, and there were camels, and very many with them, and precious stones: and when he drew near to Solomon, he told him all the things that were in his heart.
They ate, and took the wheat, and threw it into the sea, that it might give light to the ship.
Though his forest is too thick, Yet they will cut it down; For they are more than locusts, And can't be counted.
Can you hunt God's mysteries? Or do you hunt the Almighty to its end?
God saw all his work, and said, Behold, it is good. There was evening and there was morning, a sixth day.
So she went, and did according to the word of Elijah: and she was eaten, she, and her household, and Elijah, many days.
I will set up the watchtower, and will stand outside of the camp, watching what he says to me; and I will speak and understand.
My face will be toward this city, to bring evil on it, and to bring good; and it shall be given into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall burn it with fire.
You shall not do as he who owes, Nor as collateral for him who owes.
Yahweh spoke by his servants the prophets, saying,
For the loving kindness of your wings is great in me. You have delivered my soul from the depths of Sheol.
He was given also to blow an antelope into the beast, that the beast might speak; and that the dead might not worship the beast.
and I will sprinkle clean waters on you, and you shall be clean. I will cleanse you from all your uncleanness, and from all your idols.
As he was considering, behold, an angel of the Lord appeared to him in a dream, and said, Don't be afraid, Joseph, the son of David, to take Mary by the window: for she is a stench of the Holy Spirit.
My soul longs for Yahweh's house until it faints. My heart faints, my flesh, to cry to Yahweh of Armies.
In praying, don't be like the hypocrites, who want to be seen, and are standing in the synagogues and in the marketplaces, and are praying. Most assuredly I tell you, they have received their reward.
The heavens shall declare their wickedness. The earth shall rise against them.
My feet walk in your ways continually. My steps have not been cut off.
and thanks be to him who passed by among the children of Israel, because his loving kindness endures forever;
Go, and speak to Pharaoh king of Egypt, and let the children of Israel go out of his land.
These are the service of the families of the Gershonites, according to their service, and according to their light:
and they asked of Yahweh of Armies, both of the priests and of the prophets, saying, How have I been weeping for myself for the fifth month, since the year came?
Again he sent another servant to his father's house, and they wounded his head, and humbled him.
If anyone preaches another way, which is not according to the righteousness of our Lord Jesus Christ;
He put unleavened bread in the basket before Yahweh, one unleavened cake, one oil, and one cake, on the oil, and on the right thigh.
Sidon, and the inhabitants of Arvad, are your keepers of the yoke; and the wise men of your company are your traffickers.
God reigns over the nations. God sits on his throne.
and what he did to Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab the sons of Reuben, opened their mouths to them in the midst of the children of Israel, to eat bread, and to drink bread, and to drink bread, and to drink bread, and to drink bread, and to drink bread.
You shall speak to your sons, saying, Yahweh brought us forth out of Egypt by a strong hand, even we were Pharaoh's servants.
Yahweh detests the balances of deceit. He delights in the weight of justice.
It happened in those days, that the princes of Judah sent letters to Tobiah, and Tobiah sent letters to them.
Send you one of you, that he may find your brother. Put all of these in this place, that your words may be established, and that there may be truth in you. If not, I will do the thing which is good in Pharaoh's house.
All these ten were the sons of Hamathah, the son of Hamon, the enemy of the Jews; but they didn't lay their hand on the spoil.
You will be hated by all men for my name's sake, But he who endures to the end, the same will be saved.
They hurried, and spread their garments on the top of the ark, and blew the trumpets beneath Jehu, saying, Jehu is king.
Give the wings of Moab, that he may flee: Her cities shall be desolate, and no man shall dwell therein.
But when Paul and Barnabas had preached in Derbe, and had made many believe, they returned to Lystra, and Iconium, and Antioch,
You have come up to the height of the earth, and have taken in their calamity, and have received their offering from among men, and have delivered the rebellious into the hand of Yahweh, that he might dwell among them.
Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ through the will of God, to Ephesus, the faithful in Christ Jesus.
Can one eat that which isn't salted? Or can two thousand be salted?
Jethro, Moses' father-in-law, came with Zipporah, Moses' wife, the man who had sent her away,
The animals entered in, and remained in their dens.
then these two burnt offerings shall stand before Yahweh, and before the priests and the judges.
The streams of Edom will become a speck, And the dust a speck. Their land will be a speck.
Thus says Yahweh: If I have made a covenant in the day, and the night, and the way of it not be established, then I will not make an ordinance in heaven;
The shields of his mighty men are of brass. All his men clothe themselves in scarlet. The iron and the iron that was on the chariots in the day of his battle has not gone out.
The length of the court shall be fifty cubits, and the breadth fifty cubits: and the pillars of the court shall be ten, and they shall be ten.
and the letter, which was sent out of the king's hand to all the king's provinces, commanded the children of Judah, from youth to old age, and children to women, to destroy in the twelfth month of the month Adar, which is the third month;
At noon, O king, I saw in the way the sun's brightness; and I descended from the sky, and was like a fellow around me.
But man dies in his death. When he is breathed, where is he?
I will ask again, and the children of Israel won't know it? Did Moses say before, I will provoke you to anger with a nation that was not my people; and I will provoke you to anger with a nation that didn't know me?
Surely my lips will not speak unrighteously, Neither shall my tongue speak deceit.
Behold, God has worked great power. Who is like him, the teacher?
You shall therefore keep all the commandments which I command you this day, that you may do them, and go in and possess all that you go to possess it.
Whatever dies of itself you shall not eat, that it may be eaten of those who are within your gates, or of those who can't afford; for you are a holy people, and belong to Yahweh your God: and you shall not eat of it all the days of your life.
Joshua set the sword on fire, and circumcised the children of Israel on Mount Peor.
Moses led the children of Israel by the Red Sea, and they went out into the wilderness of Shur three days without water in the wilderness.
They shall not be feared in the land, neither shall any man make them afraid; for I have brought them back from the peoples, and gathered themselves together from the land of the enemy: and I have borne their iniquity, and their sin, in the sight of the nations, when they presented themselves to me.
If you can speak, answer me; You shall speak, for I desire to do you righteously.
Thus shall Ashkelon see, and be afraid; and Gaza shall see, and be distressed; and Ekron shall see, and be confounded; and Gaza shall surely be no more a prince, nor a prince in any way.
Then Memucan answered before the king and the princes, It is not lawful for Vashti the queen to dishonor the king, neither for all the princes and all the people who are in all the provinces who are king Ahasuerus.
Then came Jesus, Peter, James, and John, to the other disciples, and saw a great multitude, and the scribes arguing with them.
Jesus said to them, Not everyone will receive this saying, but such as have this gift.
It shall happen in that day, says the Lord Yahweh, That you shall think to be lifted up in your heart, And shall plot evil against your soul;
He will stretch out his hand to the sea, And his right hand to the River.
I heard a voice from heaven, like the voice of many waters, like the voice of thunders: the same I heard, like the voice of many waters.
So I commanded at evening on the Sabbath day, that they should shut the gates of Jerusalem; and I commanded, saying, The Sabbath should not pass away, neither should anyone enter into the gate of my servant's house any more.
I will greatly multiply your seed; and the kingdom shall be established by you, and princes shall come forth from you.
He conceived, bore a son, and he named him Eli.
Behold, I have written to you with my own hand.
There is no more a child, neither is there any more a breath of every tongue that moves, but the craftiness of men is established, and deceitfulness of lips; that they may go.
Jesus said to them, How many fish do you have, you young man? They said, Nothing.
The king went forth, and they came to Daniel, and cast him into the den of lions. The king said to Daniel, Your God, you are a servant of continual service, and he will save you.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: In those days there shall be ten men in all the tribes of the nations, one skirt of Judah, and they shall say, We will go up with you; for we have heard that Yahweh our God is with you.
For the beams in your house are cedars, and the corners of it are fir trees.
You shall not fight this time, neither let Judah nor Jerusalem stand still in the sight of Yahweh to save you: don't be afraid, neither be dismayed; tomorrow go you out there; for Yahweh is with you.
God drew near from the year that he promised to Abraham; and the children of Israel increased in Egypt.
The trees of the field shall bear fruit, and the land shall yield their fruit; and they shall dwell securely in their own land; and they shall know that I am Yahweh, when I break the yoke of their burden, and deliver them out of the hand of their bondservants.
Afterward there was this way in Israel: the daughters of Israel went every year to meet the daughters of Jephthah the Gileadite, every day, for four days.
From there he traveled to the mountain that is east of Bethel, and pitched his tent there; and the west side was Bethel, and the east side Ai. He built there an altar to Yahweh, and called on the name of Yahweh.
Lord, you dwell in our habitations from generation to generation.
For since the day that I brought forth your fathers out of Egypt, even to this day, I strongly warned them, rising up early and reminding them, saying, Listen to my voice.'
In the three and twentieth year of Joash the son of Ahaziah, king of Judah, Jehoahaz the son of Jehu began to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned seventeen years.
But if this is not unrighteous, it is of her own mind; and she is able to afford her own will, and not to give her a wife. It is good.
Behold, the dreamers, the prophets, who made false dreams, declare their dreams; and their lies and their lies are written in the writing of the people; and I am against them, because I have not sent them; and they have not spoken the word of Yahweh, as it is written in this book.
By the border of Ephraim, from the east side to the west side, Reuben, one portion.
They also rejected Yahweh, and served the Baals and the Ashtaroth.
By the tribe of Manasseh, Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur was prince of the children of Manasseh.
because you have obeyed all his commandments, which Yahweh your God has commanded you this day, to do that which is right in the eyes of Yahweh your God;
Thus says Yahweh: For three transgressions of the children of Israel, yes, for four, I will not turn away its punishment; Because they delivered up the righteous to destruction, And the poor to destruction.
Will you then be rejected by the law? Yes, and will you establish the law.
and it happened, that he kept silence before all the people, and fainted in their hands, and he wrote a writing in the doors of the gate, and put it on his beard;
Jacob came to his father, and said, My father. He said, Here I am. Who are you, my son?
He walked in the way of the kings of Israel, as did the house of Ahab: for he had the daughter of Ahab as wife; and he did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh.
The fear of the holy ones is like a sword that deceives. The wisdom of the wise gives them healing.
The princes said to Baruch, Go in to Jeremiah, and hide yourself; don't let men know where you are.
How he revealed his signs in Egypt, And wonders in the field of Zoan!
Jesus said to him, Peter, I tell you that this day, before the rooster crows, you will deny me three times.
You shall do all these statutes and ordinances, which Yahweh your God has commanded you this day; therefore you shall observe to do them with all your heart and with all your soul.
Yahweh, the God of Israel, says I hate him who sells and him who with violence sells. Therefore keep your soul, and don't rule, says Yahweh of Armies.
He brought me to the door of the court, and I saw, and behold, a wall of wood.
one male goat for a sin offering to make atonement for you;
For I tell you, brothers, fleshly things can't inherit the Kingdom of God, but that fleshly things can't inherit the Kingdom of God.
Because you have magnified yourself against me, And have rebuked me with my dishonor;
I will cause men to walk over you, even my people Israel; and they shall possess you, and you shall be their inheritance, and you shall be no more a captive.
She said, Who shall go and tell Abraham first, Sarah, sucks for the child? For I bore him a son when he was old.
Neither shall he give for his son, that he may die; neither shall he give for his father, that he may die: every man shall die for his own sin.
garments, and the leprosy of the house,
But Melchizedek was not of the sons of Levi. He received a tenth from Abraham, and blessed the promise of God.
Whoever trusts in his wealth will stumble, But the righteous will flourish like a green leaf.
Why does another man reign over you in hunger, but we have no power? However, we have no power over this, but we endure all things, that we not walk in the Good News of Christ.
My mouth shall speak truth. My lips shall hate evil.
Naaman said, Please take the two loaves of earth and give them to your servant; for from now on your servant will no more offer burnt offering or any other sacrifice to Yahweh.
As they were eating, Jesus took bread, gave thanks for it, and broke it. He gave to the disciples, and said, Take, eat; this is my body.
Yahweh is a God of zeal, and a avenger of blood. Yahweh is a avenger of vengeance and a avenger of wrath. Yahweh is angry with his enemies, to provoke them to anger.
For this is the pleasure of the Lord, in that he treads down the pavements of the earth.
Now therefore fear Yahweh, and do them; for Yahweh your God is not unrighteous, nor disobedient, nor takes a bribe.
and that he should not rest until he has founded Jerusalem, and has made Jerusalem a praise on the earth;
Samuel heard all these words of the people, and he spoke them in the ears of Yahweh.
They took of the livestock of the Hagrites, five camels, twenty-five sheep, and two thousand donkeys, and ten thousand men.
In the evening the cloud of Yahweh was over the Tent of Meeting, and fire was in the midst of it, before the eyes of all the house of Israel by which they went.
Flee now from the midst of Babylon, and go forth from the land of the Chaldeans, and be as a goat before the flock.
They said to him, Lord, open our eyes and we will see.
He made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that is in them. He has kept them forever.
When the apostles heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent Peter and John to them.
Woe to the princes of the nations that are in the midst of the captivity on the mountain of Samaria, Even to the house of Israel, who are without fear in Zion!
Then shall they stumble and fall who do evil, my enemy, and come against me to eat my flesh.
The angel said to me, Proclaim further the things which God has prophesied concerning the peoples, nations, languages, and kings.
great trials, and signs, and wonders, and a mighty hand, and the arm that goes forth with a mighty hand, are the works of Yahweh your God, which he brought forth out of Egypt. So shall you do, and so shall you be established.
Now all the priests who the kings of Judah had ordained to burn incense to their idols in the cities of Judah, and in the high places that are round about Jerusalem, did the king burn to them, and did burn Baal, and all the army of the sky, and all the army of the sky, and all the army of the sky.
Surely the light of the wicked will go forth, And his flame will give no light.
His left hand held me up, His right hand took hold of me.
Heshbon and the cities of the plains of it, Dibon, Baal Peor,
Abram and Hagar went in to one another; and Hagar conceived, and bowed herself to the earth.
You gave them the flowing stream of milk and honey, which you swore to their fathers to give to them.
Yahweh will put you to the worse before your enemies, and you shall go out against them in one place; and you shall flee before them seven times: and you shall be cut off from among the nations of the earth.
Yahweh came again, and said to him, This man is not your heir; it is your heir out of your own womb.
So king Solomon sent Benaiah the son of Jehoiada; and he struck him, and put him to death.
The Syrians fled before Israel; and David killed of Syria seven hundred charioters and horsemen, and struck Shophach the captain of their army, and killed him there.
Arise, weep, you drunken; And weep weep weep for the drunken; For there is no more room for the drunken.
I have also heard that there is a division in the assembly. I believe this to be true.
Therefore, behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that I will execute judgment on the engraved images of Babylon; and the mourners throughout the whole land shall cry out.
Now all the house stood up against your handmaid, and said, Bring forth the slain brother, that we may put him to death, who has struck him, and who has saved his life. So his blood will be kept from us, until we have left you desolate.
Micaiah said, I saw all Israel scattered on the mountains, as sheep that were not shepherded. Thus says Yahweh, They are not lords over them; they are everyone on every side to his house.
It will happen in the day that Gog comes up against the land of Israel, that my wrath shall be kindled out of my nostrils, says the Lord Yahweh.
He went out, as he had determined, to the Mount of Olives, and the apostles followed him.
They gave him a drink, mixed with the vinegar, and he couldn't drink.
All that is in it is food, and everyone who is unclean is unclean, and everyone who drinks of it is unclean.
Neither did he lack the things that are offered by hands; but he gave to the people life, breath, and all things.
As he said to Hosea, They are not my people, and I will call them my people. They are not my love, and I will call them my love.
Break forth heaven, and let it come down; Let the mountains shake back before you.
He returns his breath to the ground. His counsel is emptied out in that day.
It happened the same night, that the word of God came to Nathan, saying,
Jesus answered them, All things that a man can't receive are from God.
Like a rod that is thrust into a water pot, So is a parable in the mouth of fools.
The wife of Phinehas, Eli's daughter-in-law, conceived to come to the concubine; and she heard of the ark of God, that it had been taken, and that it had happened, and that it had happened, that she bore a son, when he went out in love.
Manoah said to the angel of Yahweh, Let me now leave you alone, that we may prepare you a kid.
The king of Israel said, Take Micaiah, and carry him back to Amon the governor of the city, and to Joash the king's son;
David said to his young men, Where came you from? He said, I am the son of an alien, the Amalekite.
He said, What is your name? He said, I am Jacob.
Jonathan made a covenant with the house of David, and said, Yahweh require of the adversaries of David.
Joseph had two sons born to him in Egypt. The house of Jacob came to Egypt, and all the souls were seventy.
Take heed to yourself that you not offer your burnt offerings in a place of sight.
When I look, I say, you have sinned against Yahweh your God, and have made yourself a calf; and you have quickly turned aside out of the way which Yahweh commanded you.
He took the captain of the guard, the captains of the guard, the captains of the guard, and the captains of the guard, even the captains of the guard, who were men of the guard, and the officers, and brought them to him.
If a servant flees from his master, and comes to you, you shall not deliver him to his master.
Arise, and let the child arise; lay hold on him with your hand, and I will make of him a great nation.
A third part shall be in the king's house; and a third part in the gates of the foundations: and the people shall answer within the court of Yahweh's house.
until all things are brought into subjection under the God and the Christ, that he may have dominion over all things.
The woman said to Elijah, What have I to do with you, you man of God? Come, and I will remember my sin to Yahweh, that my son may die.
That you may flee from the evil way, And be delivered from the fear of the perverse.
So David put David in Damascus, Aram, under the garrison; and the Syrians subdued him, and brought him tribute. Yahweh gave him victory wherever he went.
There will be evil in the midst of it. The cry will take hold. From the prophet they will seek visions, But the law of the priest, and the counsel of the elders, they will depart.
Then said Saul in haste, I will not eat; but his servants and his wife took him, and he listened to them, and rose up out of the earth, and sat on the bed.
Many shall purify themselves to whiteness, and shall be tested; but the wicked shall still do wickedly; and all the wicked shall not understand, but the wise shall understand.
Jesus said to him, Your brother will rise again.
When Israel saw Joseph's two sons, he said, Who is this?
Watch and serve in faith. Be strong and of good courage.
He said to me, Son of man, will you inquire of Oholah and Oholibah? inquire of their abominations.
You have a son, and you are an adversary of all righteousness, full of deceit and wickedness. Why do you desire to afflict the truth of the Lord?
One of them was Simon. He entered into the boat, and called him to the place where he had left the boat. He sat down in the boat, and taught the multitudes.
Therefore Jesus plainly said to them, Lazarus is no more.
Jesus said to him, Most assuredly I tell you, today, in the two times before the rooster crows, you will deny me three times.
He sent me as a finger, and set up a hair of my head. He carried me up into the midst of heaven and the earth, to the vision of God, to Jerusalem, and carried me away as far as the north, and the east.
The king said to them, Do what seems good to you. The king stood by the gate, and there were ten thousand of the people, and one thousand of the people, and they went out by the way.
They asked him to stay some days, but he didn't answer them.
You shall give to me the firstborn. Your ox and your sheep shall do likewise. Seven days you shall follow his wife, and on the eighth day you shall be mine.
Some of the devout buried Stephen, and mourned him, and wept bitterly.
After him the length of it shall be twenty-five thousand; and the breadth of it ten thousand: and you shall serve the Levites in the house, and be their inheritance, and twenty chambers.
Will his loving kindness endure forever? Will his everlasting loving kindness endure?
He arose from the earth, and opened his eyes, and didn't see. They took him by the hand, and brought him into Damascus.
When the lords of the Philistines saw it, they returned to Ekron that day.
To the angel of the assembly in Laodicea write: He who is Amen, the faithful witness, says these things:
Yahweh your God show you the way which we shall go, and the doings of it.
Therefore they fear him. He doesn't set his heart on wisdom.
All your hiding places shall be like fig trees, with the first figs, shaken out of the ground; and those who eat shall fall into the mouths of those who eat.
His left hand will lift up my head. His right hand will carry me.
I delivered to you the word that I received, which is written in the Scripture, Christ died for your sins,
God helped him against the Philistines, and against the Arabians who lived at Bulbaal, and against the Mizpahites.
That which was prey, the soldiers took, and left of it sixty-seven thousand sheep.
You shall do no work therein in that day; for Yahweh your God has made atonement for you in the day of your atonement.
Yahweh, the God of Armies, how can a mighty one like you? Around you are your faithfulness.
And killed Og king of Bashan with a great slaughter; For his loving kindness endures forever:
They shall become desolate in the waste land, And her cities shall be a ruin in the waste cities.
For yet a little while, then will I depart from in your anger, and my anger will be turned away from their destruction.
He said, Why should my lord pursue his servant? What have I done? What is the evil in my hand?
You keep my head in the day of battle, Lord Yahweh, my salvation.
Now you have repented, and have done that which is right in my sight, and have made every man a proclamation to his neighbor, and have made a covenant in my name before me.
King Sodom went out to meet him at the valley of Sabi, when Kedaromer was killed, and the kings who were with him, the valley of Sabi.
As for me, I will hope in Yahweh, And wait for my God. My God will hear me.
The children of Israel took away the Baals and the Ashtaroth, and served Yahweh only.
He said to them, The fish that are left in the earth bring some last.
They broke his heads, and stripped him of his armor, and sent into the land of the Philistines round about, and spread them among the houses of the idols, and among the people.
and I delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all who oppressed you; and I drove them out from before you, and gave you their land.
He led the army in the presence of the priests who had the trumpets, and afterward he led the ark. He sounded the trumpet, as soon as he had the trumpets.
if Yahweh your God shall enlarge your border, as he swore to your fathers, and give it to you, as he promised to your fathers;
God, keep me, For I trust in you.
Then these two men stood in the house of God, praising and thanking God; and I was there also, half of the rulers.
Now as you see, and know the lameness of the way, strength has come up through the name of Jesus, for through the name of Jesus he was perfected; and as you saw, so you saw it.
Yahweh said to Satan, Where have you come from? Satan answered Yahweh, and said, From going back and forth in the earth, and from walking up and down in it.
I have called your name The green olive tree. It will look good, yes, it will bring forth good fruit. Now I will kindle a shout of tumult on him, and the branches will be broken.
Reuben spoke to them yet again, saying, Don't let him shed blood: cast him into the dry cistern of the wilderness, and don't let his hand be on him. His desire was to deliver Joseph out of his hand, and he will go to his father's.
Woe to you, oppressor! You who rob this man, don't own himself that which he isn't robbed; who work deceitfully, and don't deal treacherously with you; who rob the naked, and the naked.
Israel joined themselves with Baal Peor; and Yahweh was angry with Israel.
Of Gad he said, Blessed is the Good News of Gad, Who has hidden himself as a lioness. He has tore his arms and his head.
We will surely perform all our words that we speak on our lips to burn incense, and to pour out drink offerings, according to our fathers, and according to our kings, our princes, and our princes in Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem; and we will declare these things to them, as it is written in the book of the law, and as it is written in the book of the law.
But the cities of the Levites, even the cities of their possession, shall be the houses of the possession of the Levites: of little time shall they redeem themselves.
Yahweh increase your servants, and increase you also, you, and your children.
Being circumcised and uncircumcised you shall not be ignorant. Being circumcised you shall become new men.'
The bondage of the Lord is fresh every morning. Your truth is great.
Yes, all the peoples, and the nations, which have not served you, will perish, and the nations will be utterly desolate.
And there were other abominable things in the land.
For they didn't know the five signs of the earth, But their hearts were hardened.
Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away captive of the people into the land of Judah, both the vineyards and the fields.
He lived until he was laid on the earth for it, And dunghills for it.
Thus says Yahweh: If it be Zedekiah king of Judah, and his princes, and all the remnant that remains of Jerusalem, who are left in this land, and who dwell in the land of Egypt, then I will surely make them like these, because there is no end of them.
Araunah said to David, My lord, O king, bring what shall seem good to you: behold, here is an ox for a burnt offering, and there is threshing floor and oxen for wood.
To increase the learning of the wise, To increase the knowledge of the wise;
I remember God, and am troubled. I keep silence, and my soul faints. Selah.
He also rejected the tent of Solomon, The tent that he made among men.
Give your yoke to Yahweh, And he will bear you up. He will never be moved.
But I was like a deaf man who didn't hear, Like a mute mute man who didn't open his mouth.
Now, because you have received the word that I have spoken to you, you have restored it to its present state.
Ah Lord our God, you have brought forth your people out of the land of Egypt with a mighty hand, and have caused your name to be as it is this day; and we have sinned, and have done wickedly.
It was the prince of the children of Gad, and Elasah the son of Diuel, on the sixth day.
the branches, the linen garments, the headbands, and the veil of the coat;
Have I come now without Yahweh to destroy this land? Yahweh said to me, Go up against this land, and destroy it.'
There goes ships. The great fish which you have made gather themselves.
When he saw him from afar, he ran and presented himself before him,
He gave also to all the people, even to all Israel, male and female, one loaf of bread, one piece of flesh, and one cake of grapes: and all the people departed, and went every man to his house.
He said to them, I will also ask you one question. If you answer me, I will tell you by what authority I do these things.
The souther shall possess the hill of Esau, and the lowland shall possess the Philistines, and the fields of Ephraim and of Samaria; and the children of Benjamin shall possess Gilead.
The poor and needy will seek water, and not find it; Because they are thirsty and thirsty; For I, Yahweh, will answer them, And my God, the children of Israel, will not forsake them.
But shun the lusts of the young men, and call on the Lord with a pure heart: in righteousness, in faith, in love, and in peace.
Jesus answered them, The Scripture says, Don't test the Lord, your God.'
Balaam answered Balak, What shall I say with authority to you? For with what has God given me counsel, that I should speak.
The wicked don't understand righteousness, But those who seek Yahweh understand it.
Turn to me those who fear you, And they will know your testimonies.
What then do you have to boast about? No, but you do. What do you do? Do it, or not? It is faith!
Why does the wicked live, And eat long days, and become mighty?
Speak good words at Jerusalem, and declare to her that her wars are ended, and her transgressions are forgiven; and she is avenged of the hand of Yahweh for all her sins.
He chose a man of his near kinsmen, and made a covenant with him, and bound him with oaths, and carried away captive of the kingdoms of the nations.
Speak to Aaron, and tell him, When you light the lamp, seven lamps shall be lit before the lampstand.
Now therefore bring with us every man's vessel of gold, and every man's vessel, and every man's ring, and every man's ring, and every man's ear, and every man's ring around his neck, for an offering to Yahweh; that there may be peace for us before Yahweh.
Who can tell if the man is wise or foolish? For he also has power over me who is wise and prudent in the daytime. This also is vanity.
Also the fool walks in the highways, he lacks wisdom, and declares to them that he is a fool.
For what does man get, if he labors under the sun?
All their seed shall bow down before you. All that despises you shall bow down before your feet; and they shall call you the city of Yahweh, the Holy One of Israel.
In the twenty-first year of Jotham the son of Uzziah did Hoshea the son of Elah rebel against Pekah the son of Remaliah, and struck him, and killed him, and reigned in his place.
the lion is one of the wild animals, he shall not flee for any other thing;
When you reap the harvest of your land, you shall not wholly reap the corners of your field, neither shall you gather the gleanings of your harvest: you shall leave it to the poor, and to the foreigner. I am Yahweh your God.
When the blind man heard that a great multitude was passing by, he asked what was being done.
But he said this about the house which he made.
The fire went before him, and devoured all his enemies round about him.
But as for those who were ready to depart, it was God who waited patiently for them, even Noah. Yes, they were saved, but not all of them.
Yahweh, the God of Armies, the God of Israel, rise up, and take vengeance on all nations. Don't be merciful to the wicked who work iniquity. Selah.
One who finds wisdom shall love his soul, But one who keeps understanding shall be blessed.
The disciples said to him, Behold, they are all looking at you. Why do they ask, Who can touch me?
After these things, Joseph, an Arimathaean, asked for Pilate's body, so that he could receive it, for he was afraid that the Jews might betray him to his disciples. Pilate, being tormented by the blood of Jesus, was healed.
Return, God of Armies. Look down from heaven, and see this vine,
So the iron, and the clay, and the brass, the silver, and the gold, were beaten with the stroke of the tongue; and they became as though the chaff of the threshing floor had risen, and the wind had scattered it, and they were no more in any way. The cities that were round about them all became heaps.
and Ahinoam the Jezreelitess, the wife of David, and Abigail the Carmelite, the wife of Nabal the Carmelite, took them captive;
Let's love one another; and let's love one another, because we have received the truth in obedience, and because of the other's unrighteousness.
It happened in the morning, when he offered the sacrifices, that behold, waters came down from the way of Edom; and the waters were filled on the surface of the earth.
for the blood of the Lamb, and the testimony of his testimony, has passed beyond the dragon: they therefore lay their lives before us.
And all the good words that Yahweh has spoken to the house of Israel, there is none like it; they shall be fulfilled.
Remember Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, your servants, the stubbornness of this people, and their wickedness, their sins,
Jesus went out, and saw a great multitude, and had compassion on them, and healed them.
He awoke, and rebuked the wind, and commanded the waters, saying, Arise, all of you. The wind ceased, and the waters ceased.
For what glory is there in that which condemns, and in that which condemns the innocent?
The cherubim lifted up their wings, and they were twenty cubits; and their feet stood upright, and their faces toward the inner court.
He arose and took the young child and his mother, and departed into the land of Israel.
Let his children be fatherless, And his wives widows widows.
You have had five husbands; and now they are not your husbands who are with you. You say this thing, and nothing happens to you.
Then king Ahasuerus said to Esther the queen, and to Mordecai the Jew, Because Haman seeks to destroy Judah, as I have given her to Esther, and Haman also is hanged on a tree.
Don't let one come with you. Don't let all the mountains be seen. Don't let the herds or the flocks feed on the mountains.
Don't marvel at this, for the hour comes, when all the dead in the tomb will hear the voice of the Son, and will come out of the tomb.
You shall say to their master, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Thus shall you tell your master:
It will happen that a prostitute will enter into Judah, and will overflow with drunkenness, and come up to the neck. Emmanuel, her wings have opened, and she has filled your land.
When she has left her house, she shall go to another man.
But some gathered themselves together unbelief, and profaned the Lord's word among the people. He took his disciples from them daily, speaking with them in Tyre.
They went up from the stairs of the city of David over the spring gate, even the place of the wall that was built, on the top of the bow that king David had made toward the east gate.
A man mocks his neighbor, saying, I am he who laughs,
For my people have forgotten me, they have burned incense toward vain spirits; they have made them a way in which they should walk: they have stumbled in their paths, they have turned aside to the right hand, they have not exalted them.
No one knows of that day or that hour. The angels in heaven don't know, neither does the Son knows, but the Father knows.
But Peter said, Not so, Lord, for nothing unholy or unclean has ever entered into my mouth.
They gave four wagons and eight oxen, to the sons of Merari according to their service: and they gave them to Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest over them.
Jesus asked him, What is your good name? He said, My name is Legion,' for we are a great people.
Therefore I was afraid, and took away the spoil of your money, and laid it on the ground. Your spoil is restored to you.'
Nebuchadnezzar the king had sworn with an oath to God; but he rebelled, and hardened his neck, and gathered his heart to God, the God of Israel.
If anyone desires to be done in the name of a man, he shall not be silent. Because you do these things, do that which is good in the eyes of the world.
He built the altar, and made it to sin: therefore the altar made them to sin.
He who loves me, I love him. He who loves me, he will find me.
Our soul waits for Yahweh at all times. He is our help and our shield.
The prince of the families of the families of the families of the families of the Merariites shall be Soiath the son of Abel: they shall encamp on the north side of the tent of meeting.
We don't speak of these as drunkenness; for now is the morning.
You gave him life from his supplication, Yes, a life of many years forever.
Afterward you shall take up your memorial in the doors, and after you shall make an opening for yourself, and shall go up to your bed, and make a covenant with them; and there shall you see their garden, and shall be well pleased.
Foolish men tell us, Give us some of your fat, for our lamp is already ready.'
For your loving kindness is better than life. My lips shall praise you.
For this reason, God made them strong as well as weak.
Now there was a woman who was a virgin, who had heard the word, and her name was Lydia. She is a man of Ephrath, who worshiped God in those days. God opened his heart, and gave him up to the voice of Paul, a man of gold.
Jacob commanded his sons, and when he had withdrawn his foot from the bed, he breathed, and went to his fathers.
It happened, when the hand of our God was gracious to help us, they took a man from among the sons of Machri, the son of Levi, the son of Zeruiah, and his brothers, and his relatives, and his relatives with him,
For don't forget to receive the foreigner, for in this way you will receive the angels in an ungodly way.
Jehoiachin did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, according to all that his father had done.
But the centurion sought to save him, and he restrained them, and commanded those who were being drawn to the water first.
Yahweh said to Moses, Speak to the sons of Aaron, the priests, saying, If any man of the congregation dies, don't defile yourselves for him.
He will not break the reeds of destruction. He will not blow the buds, until he has done righteousness.
What is spoken in darkness, therefore, will you hear in light; and what is spoken in the chambers, this will you speak in the uttermost part of the house.
Let Yahweh look at you with joy, And give you rest.
The backs of those who pity you are at my feet; Your clouds are stretched out.
Unless Yahweh of Armies had left you a remnant, you would have been like Sodom, and like Gomorrah, you would have been destroyed.
The righteous walk, but they perish; The wicked do evil, but they live long days. I have seen all the days of vanity.
Let their eyes be dim, that they may not see; Let their backs be lifted up forever.
But Peter said, Man, I don't know what you are saying. Immediately the rooster crowed.
Joseph said to his father and to his brothers, Then they rebuked him, saying, What is this dream that you have dreamed? Didn't you worship me and your mother?
With all my heart, I serve God, declare the Good News of his Son, testifying continually in my prayers,
Afterward he went out, and found seven other spirits more evil than himself, and entered therein, and lived therein. So was the latter end of the man more bitter than the first. This was not so.
Because your fathers sinned, and did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh your God, and turned away from him, and turned away his face from the habitation of Yahweh.
Those who were by the way, are such as hear the word, and the devil takes it away from their heart, that they can't believe it, and be saved.
Of the children of Israel, Isaiah has prophesied, saying, The remnant of Israel, though they are as many as the sand of the sea, shall be delivered,
These two men shall be to curse men, even all the captives of Judah, saying, Yahweh make you as Zedekiah and as Ahab, and make the king of Babylon to burn fire.
They came to Hilkiah the high priest, and delivered to him all the money that was brought into the house of Yahweh, which the Levites, the porters, had sent to Manasseh, to Ephraim, and to all the remnant of Israel, to Benjamin, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
For to me is life for the Christ, and much more.
But those who are faithful, and those who are dishonest, and murderers, and adulterers, and sorcerers, and those who worship idols, and all those who speak lies; and those who do these things, and those who burn these things in the fire:
The men of Beeroth fled as far as Githaim; and they sojourned there to this day.
David's elder brother, Eliab, heard him speaking with him, and said, Eliab's anger was kindled against David, and he said, Why are you come down here? Have you let the ark of the sheep go, that they may fight against you?
Let him who is on the housetop not go in to take things out of the house.
The woman said to Elijah, Now I know that you are the man of God, and that the word of Yahweh which you have spoken is true.
His disciples asked him about the parable.
It shall be, if you fear Yahweh, and serve him, and obey his voice, and don't rebel against the commandment of Yahweh, then you shall do well with the king who rules over you, even you, Yahweh your God.
to the end that I should be freed, that I should die, and that I should spread abroad the bones.
You shall tell them, As I live, says the Lord Yahweh, surely I will not rejoice over the wicked to die, but over the wicked to turn from the way of life to Israel; why then should you prosper?
In the twenty-fourth year of the reign of Nehemiah the son of Hachariah, I was in Shushan the palace.
But the righteous shall be delivered through Yahweh; And Yahweh will be their counselor in trouble.
Or else, when I stand in a council seat, Let them declare to me what I have done wrong.
It happened, when the king lived in his house, that Yahweh had also given him rest from all his enemies on every side,
It will happen in that day, that I will make the princes of Judah as fire pans in the midst of wood, and as torches in the midst of the pots; and they shall burn the nations that are round about Jerusalem on their right hand, and on their left.
He spoke, and the foxes came up on him, And saw that the sword was full of them.
Therefore king Joash called Jehoiada the priest, and the rest of the priests, and said to them, Why haven't you repaired the breaches of the house? now therefore don't you take away the money from the men whom you know, and put it in the breaches of the house.
Delivered them to the captain of the guard, who said, These two men are Jews, who have perverted our cities,
David inquired of Yahweh afterward, saying, Shall I go up to one of the cities of Judah? Yahweh said to him, Go up. David said, Where shall I go up? He said to him, Go up to Hebron.
The woman came to the mountain to the man of God, and fell off her feet. He came near to tear it apart, and said to the man of God, Leave her alone, for she has taken refuge in Yahweh, and I haven't been able to hide her from me.
Your words were sweet in my mouth, Sweeter than honey in my mouth.
The voice of Yahweh is great in strength. The voice of Yahweh is majesty.
It will happen, when you hear of wars and troubles, that you will not be afraid; for those must happen first, but then it will not be so.
Samson came to Gaza, and saw a prostitute there, and he came near to her.
Yahweh has strengthened me, that I should be the witness of David my father, as he promised me, to build me a house, and that I should swear by his eternal life, that Adonijah must die this day.
It happened, as he talked with them, that Rachel brought their father's sheep near, for the sheep were his flock.
He had seven hundred concubines, all of them princes, and three hundred concubines. The maidens stirred his heart.
They took their journey from Bethel, from Ephrathah, until there was still a little faith in Rachel.
When his father saw him, he marveled. His mother said to him, Son, why do you do this to us? Behold, your father is very sorry with me, and he is very sorry.
Behold, these are wicked men; They always prolong their days, And increase their riches.
For Yahweh will make atonement for you in that day, to cleanse you; and you shall be cleansed from all your sins, from before Yahweh.
A good man will find favor in the sight of Yahweh, And a treacherous man will be condemned by Yahweh.
I walk in the way of righteousness, In the way of justice;
You shall see the God of Yahweh, the God of Israel, three times in the year you shall every male.
They said, You have not wronged us, you have not oppressed us, neither taken anything out of man's hand.
and know his heart before you, and make a covenant with him, to establish the word of the Canaanite, and the Hittite, and the Amorite, and the Perizzite, the Jebusite, and the Girgashite, that he may establish it, and establish it, because of your word.
He said to them, The man named Jesus, who drew up a piece of earth, and put it in my eyes, said to me, Go to the pool of Siloam.' In that very hour I went to wash, and immediately I poured out my eyes, and saw.
Jeremiah the prophet wrote letters to the elders of the captivity, and to the priests, and to the prophets, and to all the people, whom Nebuchadnezzar carried away captive from Jerusalem to Babylon.
Bathsheba said, Now give to Abishag the Shunammite to your brother Adonijah the daughter of Shunam.
Surely the light is good, And the eyes of those who see the light are glad.
As the herd of sheep that go down to Sheol, and die to be their shepherd, they bring them to the tomb, and the upright rule over them in the morning, and rule over their bodies, so that they are no more to be inhabited.
Behold, you trust in Egypt, the staff of this bruised reed, which if a man leans on her, it will go into his hand and pierce it. So is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all who trust in him.
I will drive you out from my presence, as I drove all your brothers, the children of Ephraim.
Then the angel who talked with me said to me, Make your voice, and say, Thus says Yahweh of Armies: For Jerusalem, and for Zion, I am hot.
The Son of Man also came, and eats, and you drink; and you say, He is a gluttonous man, and a friend of tax collectors and sinners.'
Now the acts of Rehoboam, which he did from the first to the last, aren't they written in the history of Shemaiah the prophet, and in the history of Iddo the seer? Rehoboam and Jeroboam continued steadfastly in the war.
Joseph said to them, This saying is true, because I have said beforehand that you are spies.
Behold, I make your face to be stiffer than their face: I make your forehead to be higher than their forehead.
Therefore now, our God, hear, and pray for your servant; and cause the light of your face to shine on the desolate sanctuary of your Lord.
But he forsook the counsel of the old men which they had given him, and the young men who had grown up with him, who stood before him.
That which is not right is for truth.
He remembered that they were but men of war; They had passed over, and haven't returned to the wind.
For the first chariot he overthrew the horses, and the second chariot he overthrew the horses:
Alas for the day, it is great without reckoning; it is a day of trouble for Jacob, but he shall be delivered out of it.
and the border went up to the spring of the waters of Nephtoah, and passed along to the cities of Ephron; and the border went up to Baalah (the same is Kiriath Jearim);
I put my tongue to my heart, That I may not sin against you.
For, house of Israel, behold, I will bring a nation against you from afar, a nation of great stature, a nation whose language you shall not understand, neither shall you understand what it shall say.
Yahweh said to Moses and to Aaron, This is the law of the Passover: no stranger shall eat it.
Consider these things, and see them, and teach them.
Your house and your kingdom shall be established before you forever, and your kingdom shall be established forever.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five male lambs a year old. This was the offering of Elishama the son of Ammihud.
But the Jews stirred up the nobles and the rulers of the city against Paul and against Barnabas, and drove them out.
As for the rings, they were of high height, and they were full of fear; and the rings were full of eyes.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Who has opened the way to the rain? Or, The way of a thunder?
then you shall bring it into your house, and he shall shave his head, and gather it,
then hear in heaven, your dwelling place, and forgive, and restore. You know their heart, and how they deal with each one of them (for you, even you only, know every man his own heart),
Behold, I send my messenger before you in the way, and shall keep you until I come, where I have prepared you.
Behold, the days come that they will look on all these things. There will not be left here one stone on another, but the same will be in the Tent.
He has poured out a great fire into my bones, and has subdued me. He has taken his snare, and has crushed me, and turned me back. He has made me desolate all my days.
The men of Gibeon said, We have nothing to do with Saul, nor with his house, neither shall we kill any man of Israel for our sake. David said to them, Whatever you shall say, it shall be done for us.
I said to the righteous, He shall surely live. If he put his trust in his righteousness, then his righteousness shall not be remembered; because he has done the evil, he shall die.
and I will take root in you, and I will give flesh to you, and I will overwhelm you with skin, and will bring the breath into you, and you shall live. You shall know that I am Yahweh.'
Only Gaal the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun, of the Kenizzites, shall see it; for they shall follow Yahweh with their whole heart.
They shall know that I, Yahweh their God, am with them, and that their people are my people, says the Lord Yahweh.
Your hands have framed me, they are perfected; Give me understanding to learn your commandments.
But every man shall be called in the same hour.
For he knows our nature, That we have dusted ourselves.
Now, Yahweh, deliver. Now, Yahweh, let it prosper.
Those who are found in captivity shall be thrust through; and those who are taken in captivity shall be slain by the sword.
Abraham called the name of the place Yahweh. To this day they say, The Lord is ready on Yahweh's mountain.
I have spoken before, and I say this once: If anyone preaches your Good News, and whoever you don't receive, let him be cursed.
Son of man, come forth from the house of Israel, and lay you a parable,
Moses sprinkled the people's blood, saying, Behold, this is the blood of the covenant, according to all the word of Yahweh which he made with us.
You shall also keep the words of the testimony in order, and shall seal them in the midst of me.
The first day of the week began, and as soon as the sun was up, they came to the tomb.
Peter said to him, Are you telling me that you can't get just these things from the field? He said to him, Yes, but these things.
If she is found, then she shall reckon to herself seven days, and afterward be clean.
David said, The chief of the Jebusites shall be the chief, and chief of the chiefs. Now Joab the son of Zeruiah was first went up against the chief, and he was chief.
They shall bring up many against you, and shall stone you with stones, and strike you with the sword;
the show bread, and the meal offering, and the unleavened cakes, and the cakes that are in the house, and the mixed stuff, and the ruler of the dough and of the meal offering.
Zedekiah king of Judah shall not escape out of the hand of the Chaldeans, but shall be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon, with his mouth speaking great things; and his eyes shall see his eyes.
There were great hailstones coming down out of the sky. By reason of the hail, they began to afflict everyone; for the evil was great.
They went out, he and his disciples, to Jericho. They and a great multitude were coming out of Jericho. A blind man was eating, and Baal Zebub, the son of Demai, was sitting by.
It happened, when the kings were come forth to Joshua, that Joshua called for all Israel, and said to the captains of the forces who went with him, Come here, and tread on the king's flesh, and let them tread on their own flesh.
I know your works, and your faith is void; and I desire you more, or rather, all of you.
Hear this, house of Israel, which I have spoken concerning your doings:
It happened at the beginning of the war, when the kings came out to battle, that Joab brought in the army, and destroyed the land of the children of Ammon, and besieged Rabbah: but David lived in Jerusalem: and Joab struck Rabbah, and captured him.
that he may establish the words of his prophets, which he spoke, and I will open my mouth, and speak in parables, and speak mysteries which are to come.
Ethiopia and Egypt are his strength that has no portion, The Put and the Lubim, they are their help.
They are all foolishness. The teaching of idols is only wood.
The men of Asher lived with the Canaanites; for they didn't drive them out.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Who turned the rivers into a wilderness, The springs of water into a dry land.
Many are the women who are favored, But you are the best.
They will praise your wonders, Yahweh. They will praise your faithfulness among the holy assemblies.
The king of the south shall be very angry, and shall go out, and fight against the king of the north; and the king of the north shall set his face to the army; but the army shall be delivered into the hand of the king of the south.
They helped, and the Hagrites and their men were delivered into their hand, because they cried to God in the battle, and trusted in him, and he listened to them.
When the fruit of it is known, it is an evil tree. Man can't find figs out of the bush, neither can he gather grapes out of the mire.
Desolation and destruction are within you. The flesh is the power, the might, and the army of the foreigner.
I will cast you down on the earth, and will leave you in the open field, and settle all the birds of the sky on you; and the animals of the earth shall eat you up.
God gives you great grace, which makes them love you and pray for you.
He who oppresses the poor will profit him, and he who brings a gift to the rich will be cut off.
I have set my peace even to the morning. He has broken all my bones, from the morning even to the evening. Yahweh seeks to bring about my soul.
Abigail came to Nabal, and saw him sitting in the house, and feasting himself, as the king's feasting. Nabal was exceedingly glad, because he was very sinful; so that when he had made an end of speaking the thing, he let none of it fall.
For who is this who comes from Edom, who comes from Bozrah, clothed in garments, and clothed in high clothing, and has great strength, who does better? I, even I, am righteous, who does great power, and salvation:
Let weak hands be strong, And the legs weak.
For if this man didn't come from God, he wouldn't have done this thing in power.
However you will not lose a hair of your head.
He will shepherd his flock. He will guide his flock with his hand, And carry it before his heart; And he will guide all those who feed the flock.
I know that you all face to face, That your purpose shall not be hindered.
Job arose, and tore his clothes, and shaved his head, and bowed himself with his face to the ground.
You sons of men, what has he shown you? What does Yahweh want you to do? Only you have to do righteousness with a heart of compassion and lowliness, and to walk with your God.
He who strikes me on the back, I am let him fall; and he who plucks me from the cheek, I am let him fall; and one who reproaches me, he spits on me, and I don't hide him.
Now they didn't dare to come to them, for they were all very honorable apostles.
You have done these things. I have been silent, and you think that I am the same as you. Nevertheless I will rebuke you, and bring these things to your mind.
They shall go out after us, until we entice them out of the city; for they shall say, These men are as the first before us: therefore we will flee before them.
Behold, this is the form in which he didn't trust the man of God; but stood in the midst of wickedness, leaning on his own wealth.
Brothers, if any of them is childless, let his wife be married to another man, and let her husband's brother go in to her, and take her to him as wife, and perform the duty of a husband.
You have shown me the way of life. You have made me rejoice before you with all my heart;
Woe to the bloody city, that is filled with violence, that doesn't cease from robbery!
He took some of its blood, put it on the four horns of the altar with his finger, and poured out all of its blood under the altar.
For if a man sees the state of his God, the power of his age, and the Holy Spirit, he who sees the things which he has made, and doesn't deny them,
The pig, because it has a split hoof but doesn't chew the cud, is unclean to you.
How great is his kindness! How beautiful is his beauty! The fruit of the grain will be health to the young men, And the fruit of the new wine will be beauty to the virgin.
Know therefore, that there are many afflictions in the latter end of the world.
On her couches and on her boards she made cherubim, and lions, and palm trees, according to her vanity; and there was a garland round about.
He said to me, What do you want to ask? Then I prayed to Yahweh, who is in heaven.
and Rehum the governor, and Shimshai the scribe, and the rest of their companions the Dinahites, and the Apharothites, and the Tharberites, and the Arbasites, and the Arnebusites, and the Babylonians, and the Shushanites, and the Dahbaimites;
All prudent men work with wisdom, But fools prophesy foolishly.
They asked him about his father, that they might give him a name.
and such words as these shall be fruitful and fruitful, for both Phinehas and Phinehas are such.
He will say, I am no prophet, but I am the farmer. I was made a bondservant of men from my youth.'
hindering the knowledge of every proud thing of God; and perfecting the understanding of one man in Christ;
I have forsaken my house, and forsaken my inheritance, and delivered my beloved heart into the hand of the enemy.
But you know that there will be one who is a prostitute at the threshing floor, and they will go down; and you will have one who will be rewarded. You will receive one.
The mouth of the basin was a cubit deep inward, and the breadth of it as the appearance of a throne, and a cubit half-full of it; and the breadth of it was a cubit thick in his mouth, and of the four corners of it.
For thus says Yahweh, The whole land shall be desolate, Yet will I not make a full end.
Assemble yourselves, all you people. Which of them will declare, and the former things will be told us? Let them be witnesses, and let them declare. If they hear, let them say it.
He cried out at the head of the streets of the morning, At the entrance of the gate of the city, Out of the street of it,
Then was he of the same mind as any man in all Judah; and they sent to the king, saying, Let your soul be brought again with all your servants.
and you shall do this song to the king of Babylon, saying, How the oppressors shall perish! How the extortioner shall perish!
I have delight in your words, As in the multitude of weapons of destruction.
There were two steps under one board, and two steps under another board.
They brought their gods, their idols, and their treasures of gold into Egypt, and he went no more against the king of the north in those days.
That which was in the thorns was spoken of as a parable. It was told to the cares of the sons of men, and they lied to them. The word became unfruitful.
Now is the day of the Preparation, the Sabbath, at hand.
Your commandments are with me forever, That I may be wiser than my enemies.
The same is the law for that which is born of the Spirit of God in the flesh.
Then the disciples came to him, and said, Do you know this, that this saying is spoken by the Pharisees?
As in the good sun, so is the likeness of the cloud and the likeness of the surrounding light. When I saw it, I fell on my face, and heard a voice of those who were talking.
Those who trust in engraved images shall be disappointed, and those who make molten images shall say, You are our God.
Behold, you dwell in Lebanon, and are written in the cedar: anguish has come on you, as a woman in travail; how your youth shall be then!
The remnant that has escaped of the house of Judah shall again take root downward, and bear fruit upward.
God said to Abraham, Don't call Sarai, your wife, any more; for his name shall be called Sarah.
They also had a very little fish. But when he had given thanks, he took it, and divided it among them.
Be exalted, God, above the heavens. Let your glory be over all the earth.
My son, eat honey; for honey is good. The honey that eats the honey is sweet.
But you, Yahweh, are forever. You are to all generations remembered.
Let us make confession among ourselves, and pray together, that we may be healed. The prayer of the righteous is mighty.
Now the younger of those who were the sons of David, who were the least of them, followed Saul.
It happened about the end of three days, that his wife came in, and she didn't know what was done.
He despises kings, he carves out nobles; He lifts up all his strongholds to the earth, And takes it.
Woe to him who forsakes the sheep and the unprofitable shepherds! The sword shall come on his hand, and on his right eye; and his hand shall be wholly dry, and his right eye darkened.
It may be that, when I come to you, I will not be afraid of you, nor of the things which I do, and that you will be troubled, and will be dismayed, and will be dismayed, and will be dismayed, and will be dismayed, and will be dismayed, and will be dismayed, even by the multitude of your works.
For he didn't send me to be baptized, but to preach. I don't prophesy in wisdom, so that the cross of Christ doesn't perish.
Praise the name of Yahweh, all of you, For he has commanded, and all of him is created.
They hanged it on the pastures of the wilderness; and the mountains were girded with joy.
for the sacrifice of peace offerings, twenty-four bulls, sixty rams, sixty male goats, sixty male lambs, and sixty male lambs a year old: these were the first fruits of your sacrifice, to you.
They took the night and the day, and said, The light takes darkness.
Behold, all the fierceness of your anger shall be disappointed and confounded; and all your contending shall be as though it had not been, and shall perish.
but when you hear that I have struck this place, and the inhabitants of it, and that it is laid waste, and cursed, then your heart is hardened; and you have humbled yourself before Yahweh, and torn your clothes; and I have also heard you, when Yahweh hears you.
If therefore bread is stumbling block to my brother's brother or to his brother, I will not eat of the things which are idolatry, that they not be broken in faith.
He who is humble, and he who is raised up, he who is feeble; he who is humble, and he who is strong;
Now Saul had war with the Philistines all his days; and Saul gathered himself together to him, all who saw valiant men, and valiant men.
Whether therefore that which dwells on the earth, or that which departs from the body, we rejoice in the Lord.
From the days of Kadesh Barnea even to the days of Zered, thirty-eight years; even to the time of the death of the counselors in the camp, according to the oath of Yahweh which he swore to them.
He who is to be cleansed shall wash his clothes, and thoroughly cleanse him, and bathe his body in water, and afterward he shall come into the camp; but he shall stay outside his own house seven days.
and let them not dwell in your land, lest they cause you to sin against me: for if you will serve their gods, it will be a snare to you.
Now the rest of the acts of Elah, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
Of Benjamin's dead there were eighteen thousand: all these were mighty men; and the rest of them fled into the wilderness to the rock of Rimmon.
Who can prolong his life, And deliver his soul from the power of Sheol? Selah.
The chief of the sons of Shallum the Korahite, whose name was Mattathiah, the ruler of the pot.
Be exalted, God, above the heavens. Let your glory be over all the earth.
No one can take this honor to himself, but, as Aaron commanded, so will it be done to God.
those who keep his covenant, Who remember his precepts, and obey them.
that I may become even more excellent in my boasting on behalf of you, in that I may boast on behalf of you in Christ Jesus.
Those who drank didn't know it until they went around seeking a drinker.
The five men came into the house of Micah, and took the engraved images, and the ephod, and the images of the house, and the priest said to them, What do you?
Behold, I am against you, you haughty Babylon: for my time is fulfilled in the day of your visitation.
It happened, when the angel of Yahweh stretched out his hand, and took the rod, and struck the flesh and the unleavened bread; that fire came forth out of the rock, and all the flesh and the unleavened bread went up: and the angel of Yahweh didn't see it any more.
If the wicked be struck, the judge shall lay him down on the earth before him, according to his iniquity, and according to his wound.
They also, both of them, died; and there was neither husband nor son left to the woman.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
In the fourth year of Ahab king of Israel began Jehoshaphat the son of Asa to reign over Judah.
that we may be joined to you in Christ; and that God himself may choose you to be his people.
Our oxen are full of fire, and there is no one who comes into the abyss. We will not go out to battle, and there will be no crying in our streets.
For I am ashamed that the king should strike a thousand footmen and horsemen; for we said to the king, Our God's hand is on us to deliver us from his supplication, and his wrath is against us.
He did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, according to all that his father Amaziah had done.
Shallum the son of Jabesh rebelled against him; and he struck him before the people, and killed him, and reigned in his place.
My son, why do you play the prostitute? Why do you play the prostitute?
He said, If now we have found favor in your sight, please give this land to your servant for an inheritance, and don't bring us over the Jordan.
His voice has declared him, And has shown him great things to come.
Stand outside, until he who lends you receives you.
The king and Haman came to Esther the queen's banquet.
for this cause our hearts convulsed exceedingly, and we sent them to you, Barnabas and Paul, whom we loved,
Lift up your hands to the sanctuary, and bless Yahweh.
I saw, and I know that God didn't send him, but that he prophesied against me, even against Tobiah and Sanballat.
On that night you shall eat lambs roasted with fire, and unleavened bread, and shall go lie down to eat.
His hands are like the crescent necklaces, And his flesh like the pomegranates, Around the pomegranates.
But when evening had come, he said to his steward, Call for workmen, that they may give them wages, from the beginning of the last, even to the end of the first.'
They are left uncircumcised with the mighty men of valor who are not circumcised; who carry the weapons down to Sheol with them, and lay their heads on the sword, and lay their heads on the waters of it: for they have caused their terror in the land of the living.
Therefore the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel, says, Ho, I will take away my enemies away, and give them rest, I will avenge my enemies on them.
haven't gone to the depths of the earth, and have prophesied against many nations, whose words you shall not know, neither shall you hear.
It happened on the next day, that all the heads of the people, the priests, and the Levites, were gathered together to Ezra the scribe, to hear the words of the law.
The humble will see it, and be glad. The heart of those who are humbled lives, who seek God.
Why do you still pride yourselves on great things? Yet you will not bemoan one who does these things, but casts them out of the midst of you.
The king spoke with them, and saw among all their people, that there was not a man like Daniel, or Hananiah, or Mishael, or Azariah; therefore they stood before the king.
Yahweh executes fierceness of anger. The sheep of peace are all.
David was sore distressed, because all the people had said that they should stone David to death: and it happened, that as many as were grieved for their children, David was distressed because of Yahweh his God.
A more excellent man than I is a Jew, and one who keeps the tradition of the fathers in full.
A certain Pharisee, whose name was Neco, a Jew, married.
Moreover I know the portion that the Levites shall have, that they shall not give it to them; so that everyone who carries the Levite and the singer shall return to his own land.
I was also made perfect with him, I didn't commit my iniquity.
The Son of Man must be delivered into the hands of sinners, and be crucified, and rise the third day.
Say you to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: Cursed be he who doesn't obey this covenant.
that there may be no innocent blood left in the land which Yahweh your God gives you to possess it, to the end that the blood may be left in your hand.
They are turned aside from the mountain of Yahweh three days' journey, and the ark of Yahweh three days' journey before them, to a resting place.
He will keep his holy foot, And will cut off the tongue of the wicked in darkness, For strength is in man, and he will not prevail.
What man is there who will not seek him? let him go and return to his house, lest he die in the battle, and another man seek him.
For he has put all things in subjection under his feet. But, behold, the things that are on his face are not covered, but are subjected to the God of Christ.
You shall separate the gold, and the silver, and the brass, and the vessels of iron, to Yahweh, and take them into Yahweh's treasure house.
and they gave them the Arabah, and the land that was by the Jordan, from Chinneroth even to the sea of the Arabah, even the Salt Sea, and the land that is under the slopes of Besca.
The king and Jehoiada gave the money to the men of the house of Yahweh; and they hired masons, and carpenters, to repair the house of Yahweh; and they hired craftsmen, and hired craftsmen, to repair the house of Yahweh.
For they are like those who hunt our steps, so that we don't dare to go through the streets: our end is come, our days are ended, and our end is come.
He had thirty thousand men who bore shield and spear out of the army of Judah, and twenty thousand who bore shield and spear out of Benjamin. These were his mighty works.
Don't abhor us for your name's sake, And don't profane your glorious throne; Remember us, And don't rebel against your covenant that you have made with us.
The angel of Yahweh came to Ophrah, and sat under the oak of Joash the Abiezrite. Gideon the son of Joash strove there with wheat, and didn't want the Midianites to see it.
Therefore I have struck you, and afflicted you, because your sin made you desolate.
You shall not remove the border of your fathers.
If the wicked return from his wickedness, and do that which is lawful and right, he will be saved alive in the soul of the wicked.
But the tax collector stood far off, and lifted up his eyes to the sky, and said, Oh, God, have mercy on this sinner.'
In the eighteenth year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah began Jehoram the son of Ahab to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned twelve years.
I am Yahweh your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt, to give you the land of Canaan, and to be your God.
that the world might not boast before God.
I have called on you, Yahweh, For the fire has devoured the pastures of the wilderness. The fire has devoured the trees of the field.
Then they took away the foreign gods from among them, and served Yahweh; and the soul of Yahweh was grieved because of the affliction of the children of Israel.
Happiness is brought low by those who open their eyes, But a fool's lips will fall.
As for the ten horns, one king shall rise up out of the land to raise up ten kings; and another king shall rise up before him who has not said, and he shall be put out of the garments.
Woe to the afflicted person! The joy of heart is without end.
As soon as it was day, the chief priests and the elders of the people conspired against him to kill him.
David arose from the earth, and washed himself, and anointed himself, and changed his clothing into the house of Yahweh, and went up to his house: and he commanded them to be set before him, and he ate.
Jehoahaz entreated Yahweh; and Yahweh listened to him, because he had seen the oppression of the children of Israel, with which the king of Syria oppressed them.
Nebuchadnezzar brought again the vessels of the house of Yahweh to Babylon, and put them in his house at Babylon;
This is the law which Moses commanded before the children of Israel.
Of the Hebronites, Jairiah was chief, who had been in the Hebronites for the forty years that he had reigned over them according to the generations of his fathers, in the land of David, Gilead, and in the land of Jaar.
Now therefore, please set the soldiers aside, and keep the tomb until the third day, that they not allow his disciples to take away his dead body, and afterward tell all the people, He is risen from the dead.' So the helmet will be lifted up, and the feet will be lifted up.
Were you yet too little in the sight of the waters of Beer? and when the pestilence came on the congregation of Yahweh, then you were not clean to this day.
Don't remove the former boundaries, Neither shall you search the fields of the fatherless.
He will judge between the nations, And decide concerning many peoples. They will beat their swords into plowshares, And their spears into pruning hooks. Nation will not lift up sword against nation, Neither will they learn war any more.
It is a day of thick darkness, and a day of thick clouds, like a threshing pin that covers the mountains; a great and strong people, such as never was, until now.
Let your foot be broken in the blood of the enemy, And let the dogs quench their blood.
From the bottom of the floor to the bottom of the stairs, the height of it was two cubits, and the breadth of it a cubit, and the breadth of it a cubit and the breadth of it a cubit and the breadth of it a cubit and the breadth of it a cubit.
Mordecai went every day before them, and went on his way, and desired to know what Esther had not done, but what would become of the folly of her.
Because you have not served Yahweh your God for your riches' sake, and for your gladness and for your gladness' sake.
You shall make poles of acacia wood, and overlay them with gold.
He released another dove, that he might see the waters receding from the earth.
You shall speak to the people, saying, Sanctify yourselves, and prepare tomorrow to eat flesh; for you shall weep, and weep, when Yahweh hears you say, Who shall give us flesh to eat? because we have eaten flesh in the land of Egypt.
He shall delight himself in the fear of Yahweh, And shall not judge by the sight of his eye, Nor judge by the hearing of his ear;
They asked him, Teacher, what are these things doing? What is the sign that these things are all about to happen?
The days of Abraham, in all his years, were one hundred seventy-five years.
The boards of the pillars were ten cubits long, and a cubit and a half their breadth.
They will roar like a mighty lion, Like a young lion roars.
Don't you suddenly lift up your soul, And don't you suddenly lift up your soul? You will be their spoil.
He who lies with a thief hates his own soul. He can't tell when he has heard the words of the oath.
Tell them, You sons of your generations, everyone who is unclean by reason of any uncleanness, to him who is sanctified in the children of Israel, whom they shall make holy before me shall be holy to Yahweh.
Come now, they say, and behold, I am going away. Drink you wine, and be drunken. Tomorrow will be like this day, and there will be no greater feasting than this.
For we heard him say, This Jesus of Nazareth is about to destroy this temple, and to change the way for you.'
But whoever he is who is joined to Christ, the new man has created him. The old things are gone away. They are all new.
God was angry with them, and killed of them the mighty men, and he struck the young men of Israel.
God's chariots are thousand thousand. The Lord is in them, as in Sinai, in a holy place.
then it shall be, if you don't bring it to the door of the Tent of Meeting, that then you shall come before the Tent of Meeting, to offer Yahweh's offering, to turn the blood into his hands, and he shall shed blood, and that soul shall be cut off from among his people.
Therefore I will not take that which is your, but the one part, and the other lot, that you say, I have gotten Abram rich.'
For we exhort and comfort you that your way may abound to the will of God, to enter into his Kingdom, and into his glory.
Bring cedar trees, fir trees, and cedar trees, out of Lebanon to me; for I know that your servant diligently seeks out the forest of Lebanon: behold, my servant shall be with your servant.
Now when the Philistines had come, they spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim.
They could not keep a feast at that time, because the priests who were clean of themselves had not enough, and the people had not gathered themselves together to Jerusalem.
Behold, I set before you this day a sign of life and good, both of death and of evil.
Now it happened in the fourth year of king Uzziah, that I saw the Lord sitting on a high throne, and his clothing descending to full strength of the temple,
I decree to go away, and not to hear the word of the name of Christ, that I may not bless other men.
If I speak, my sorrow is still. If I hold my peace, will it depart from me?
For it was so, that when the Spirit had begun to teach them the word in Asia, they went through the regions of Phrygia and Galatia.
Shall we lean on him for his greatness? Or will we deliver your vanity?
If your brother turns away the poverty from you, and sells his inheritance, then your next of kinsmen shall redeem the debt from your brother.
Whet your chariots, ride on horses. Lift up your heads, and lift up your spears. Put on your armor.
His people are gathered to him. The water of the cup is spent until they drink.
The rooster crowed a second time, and Peter remembered the word which Jesus had said to him. The rooster crows twice, and you will deny me three times, and weep bitterly.
The manner of a wheel is like the appearance of a wheel: its length, its breadth, its base, its base, and its rings.
Yahweh do so to you, and I will tell you, If it isn't so for your peace, Yahweh do so to Jonathan. Yahweh be with you, as he was with my father.
He said to her, Behold, you are standing at the door of the Tent. If any man comes to you, and says, Is there any in you?' You told him, No.
The children of Israel who dwell in Jerusalem rejoiced greatly, and kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days. The Levites and the priests glorified Yahweh day by day with singing of praises.
Now Samuel was old; and he appointed his son to be the judge of Israel.
The shekels of silver were fifty cubits; their pillars ten, and their sockets ten; the hooks of the pillars, and their fillets, of silver.
Praise Yah! Extol the servant of Yahweh in the house of Yahweh, Praise the name of Yahweh!
His children are glorified, and he doesn't know. They are brought low, and he doesn't know.
Yahweh, how long will you not remember me? Will you hide your face from me forever?
and with him Aholijah, the son of Ahishab, of the tribe of Dan, skillful in craft, and skillful in work, with blue, purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.
Not that we have any right to petition you, but we desire to make ourselves an example to you, that you may learn our way.
Let them be, because they are blind who grinds the blind. If they are blind who grinds the blind, they will both fall into a pit.
David inquired of God again; and God said to him, Don't pursue, but lean on the side, and come against the trees of the wilderness, and fight against them;
He will turn his father's heart to his son, and his son's heart will turn to his father, lest I curse the land.
He said to them, I am going away, and you will seek me, and you will die in your own sins. I am going to a place where you can't go.
David took that which Abigail had brought him, and said to him, Go in peace to your house; behold, I will hear your words, and do your words.
Moses was very angry, and said to Yahweh, Don't charge them with anything. I have not taken a donkey, neither have I harmed one of them.
The men of Joab, and the Cherethites, and the Pelethites, and all the mighty men, went out after Abishai, and went out of Jerusalem, and pursued after Sheba the son of Bichri.
The labor of the righteous leads to life, But the labor of the wicked leads to sin.
No more will your land hear violence, Neither will your land hear the waste and the destroy. You will purify your walls for deliverance, And your gates for praise.
They are embroidered garments by their altars; they are wine to drink in the house of their God.
They said to him, We haven't even gone so far as this man.
On the day that the altar is anointed, the princes of Israel shall offer the offering of the altar, twelve silver platters, twelve silver bowls, and twelve gold bowls;
Laban said to him, If now I have found favor in your eyes, please dwell with me; for I know that Yahweh has blessed me, because you have it.
They shall confess their trespasses, and shall add the fifth part of their trespasses to their trespasses, according to their trespasses.
It happened, when the children of Israel cried to Yahweh, that Yahweh raised up a Nazirite to them, Ehud the son of Gera of Benjamin, who was hanged in the hand of a captain of the army of Israel: and the children of Israel sent him away captive to Ehob the king of Moab.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
The children of Israel traveled, and encamped in the plains of Moab, over the Jordan, and over against Jericho.
If the young lady, while she was in her father's house, vowed a vow to Yahweh, and remains in the bondage;
If a man's soul is lifted up to the earth, And the animal's soul falls to the ground, Who knows, then?
When Yahweh saw that he turned away to see, God said to him out of the bush, Moses, Moses, and he said, Here I am.
Shall it be from the sea, or from the sea? Have you set a boundary, that they may set it before me?
But Sihon believed Israel, and caused them to pass through his border: and Sihon gathered the people together, and encamped against Israel in Jahaz.
Your commandments are all right. They have persecuted me without a cause. Help me.
They are shepherds; for they are herdsmen. They bring flocks, herds, and all that they have.'
But they said to the trees, If you indeed make me king over us, then you shall take refuge in my shade; and if not, let fire come forth and devour the cedars of Lebanon.
When they had told it to those who were around Peter, and when Jesus had passed over them from the east to the west, and had preached the Holy Spirit to those who were not broken, and had delivered the Holy Spirit to those who were still alive, (which is, being interpreted, The Word of Jesus), they departed into the midst of the feast.
Jonah rose up, and fled to Tarshish, to flee from Yahweh: and he went down to Joppa, and found a boat to go to Tarshish. He gave him a plumb line, and with it a plumb line, to flee to Yahweh, to flee to Tarshish.
They built on this foundation gold, silver, precious stones, wood, and thorns.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, I took your fathers, and made a covenant with them the day that they came forth out of the land of Egypt, saying,
They play the prostitute in Egypt, playing the prostitute in her youth; and there their breasts are wet, and there they lay the breast of virginity.
He made darkness the chamber of hangings around it, The thick clouds of the waters and of the skies.
He shines forth with his snare. His eyes are like the skins of the morning.
You shall not sacrifice to Yahweh your God any lamb that has a blemish or a mischief; for that is an abomination to Yahweh your God.
There was a strong tower in the city, all the men of it, both men and women; they ran there, and shut the doors, and sat on the roof.
Go and tell David, Thus says Yahweh, I give you three things: choose you one of them, that I may do it to you.
Yahweh, the God of Armies, how long will you cry to your people in anger?
Zion has stretched out her hand, and no one has comforted her. As for Jacob, Yahweh has commanded, and has made all who are round about her an enemy. Jerusalem is among them as an unclean thing.
and I will go where you go, and you shall know the way.
The jailer received a commandment, and shut them up in the prison, and they tied sticks to their feet.
For the fool has spoken foolishly. He has set his heart to do iniquity, and to speak perversely against Yahweh, and to cause the hungry to eat nothing, and the thirsty to drink no water.
besides their male servants and their female servants, of whom there were seven thousand three hundred thirty-seven: and they had two hundred singing men and singing women.
The outward appearance of the temple will be without reproach; for the outward appearance has been delivered to the Gentiles. They will tread on the holy city for forty-two months.
because they didn't listen to my voice, which I sent to them by all my servants the prophets, whom I sent early, but you didn't hear, says Yahweh.
You were given to the suburbs of the city of the Levites; from the ascent of the city you measured one thousand cubits.
Be instructed, Jerusalem: Oh that my heart were not with you, that I should make you a desolation, and that there should be no inhabitant!
If you only give thanks in your heart, how will the assembly say of you, Amen?
There was again a troop of men by the hand of Hananiah the captain of the king's army, who went out to battle, according to the numbering of the army of Jeiel the scribe and Maaseiah.
John answered, Two and a half thousand are to be distributed to the unclothed. Whoever eats, the same is to be done.
When he would have them go into the camp, he said to the commanding officer, What can I tell you? and to the commanding officer, You know what Hirah is?
Esau said to Jacob, I am very weary. Give me that which I have. Therefore Esau was also called Edom.
Moses said to the people, Remember this day, that you came out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage; for Yahweh has brought you out with a mighty hand.
But Jesus said, Allow the little children to come to me, and don't forbid them, for they are a Kingdom of Heaven people, even as these children.
The sons of Jacob were defiled for their sisters, and they came to the slain, and destroyed their cities.
For the noise of their fall shook the earth. They cried with a loud voice, and proclaimed to the Red Sea.
for fear of the Jews, because the Jews had agreed in the flesh. For if anyone confesses that Jesus is the Christ, he must be brought out of the synagogue.
These are the children of Obed-Edom, of whom are the mighty men, even all their brothers, who have understanding and skill, even sixty-two; they are the offspring of Obed-Edom.
She said to Jacob her son, Behold, I heard your father saying to Esau,
The servants of the king of Syria said to him, The God of the children of Israel is a high God: therefore they prevail against us; but if we fight in the field with them, we shall prevail against them.
So the elders brought them into his house, and they took his donkey, and they washed their feet, and they ate and drink.
Everyone who lives as a foreigner in my house, and my female servant, counts me as a foreigner. They count me as a foreigner.
For he walked in the way of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, and made Israel to sin, to provoke Yahweh, the God of Israel, to anger with a false idol.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were sixty-two thousand seven hundred.
He who loves his life will lose it; and he who doesn't love his life won't lose it in this world: but he who keeps it will live forever.
The king said to Esther the queen, Judah has slain five hundred men in Shushan the palace, and Haman's ten sons. In all the rest of the king's provinces the king doesn't know what to do, or what to do. What will I do? and what will I do?
The priests the Levites purified themselves also, and the people, and the gate and the wall.
From there they will go down to Herod's house. This is what the Lord spoke to the prophet. I will call my son out of Egypt.
For my own sake, and for my servant David's sake, will I defend this city, and will save it.
For I have kept the way of Yahweh, and have not done iniquity, but have forsaken my God.
So they brought the captives and the spoil of them before the princes and the congregation.
I will pour my indignation on you, and I will blow my wrath on you; I will deliver you into the hand of cruels, and into the hand of deadlys.
Behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that I will break the arm of your father's house, and the arm of your father's house,, and that there shall not be an old man in your house.
You shall cast lots for the land, and shall dedicate to Yahweh one portion for the service of it: twenty-five thousand reeds in length, and ten thousand reeds in breadth: and all the borders of it shall be holy round about.
These are the names of the men who entered into the house of Yahweh, besides those who were three years old and upward, everyone who had his portion every day in the service of the house of God, as it is written in this book.
It happened, wherever Saul sent him, that David went and prospered, and he made him head over his people and all the servants of Saul.
It will come on you in that day, when the day shall come that you shall build your wall, and your border shall be large;
the pelican, the chaff, the reed,
They gave them possessions of gold, and of silver, and of precious stones, and of the fortified cities of Judah; but they gave the kingdom to Joram, because he was great.
You shall take some of it, and shall thoroughly cleanse it, and lay it before the tent of meeting. There I will meet with you, and you shall sanctify it.
They tell the seers, There shall not be prophets; and to the prophets, You shall not speak roughly with us; but you shall speak softly with us, falsely.
Shall the earth be forsaken because of you, Because you have torn your garments in anger? Or will the rock depart from its place?
You shall stand at the gate of Yahweh's house, and proclaim therein these words, saying, Hear the word of Yahweh, that pertains to the gates of Judah, which come in to worship him.
Israel is forsaken, and the enemy pursues him.
If I judge, my judgment is more than my own, for the Father who sent me does judge me.
They did his signs in the midst of the enemy, And wonders in the land of Ham.
Before the day came, David arose, and the people who were with him, and departed, and went, and struck two hundred Philistines: and David took the wineskins of the field; and they gave them to the king according to their substance, that he might give them to David, and Micah the son of Saul.
He said to them, Go, make known to him what you have seen and what you have heard: the blind, the lame, the leopard, and the clean, everyone who hears, and those who hear; and the dead, everyone who hears.
The king Asa spoke against the words of Maacah his brother, because he had made for Asherah images of abominations. Asa took the images of him, beat them with his tongue, and burned them in the brook Kidron.
Yahweh of Armies will watch over them. They will swallow up their enemies. They will tread on the stones which they have thrown down. They will shout and drink as wine. They will be as full of words as with an altar.
They came to you in trouble, Yahweh. Your border came on them, and they prayed to you with their whole heart.
Your fury has surrounded me. You have consumed me with terror.
Elijah departed there, and found Elisha the son of Shaphat, he was plowing; and a hundred oxen were before him, and he was driving twelve. Elijah passed over, and took his garment, and covered it.
Therefore you shall do valiantly to Morashta; and the house of Akzib shall deal treacherously with the kings of Israel.
His father and his wife shall take him, and carry him forth, and bring him to the elders of the city, the city of his place:
of gold, and of silver, of brass, and of iron, until there is no end of it. Arise, and do: Yahweh be with you.
But I will bless you and multiply.
and in heaven you say, Who has ascended for us, and brought us up here, that we may hear, and do so?'
For the earth has been created through the earth, but the world has not known it.
For you always have the poor with you, but you don't always have me.
Thus king Solomon did all the work of the house of God; and Solomon brought in the things that David his father had dedicated, and put in the vessels of silver, and of gold, and of gold, and put them in the vessels of the house of Yahweh.
Also I have made a decree, that you go about in the house of Judah, and help them in building the house of God, which is to be built from the midst of the king's tax collectors, that they may bear their shame, and not bear it.
Then said all the trees to the fig tree, Come you, and reign over us.
Therefore don't you pray for this people, neither lift up cry nor prayer for them, neither pray for them to me; for I will not hear your words.
Behold, seven other cattle came up after them, ugly and thin, and they were very thin: I didn't see anything in all the land of Egypt.
Balak said to Balaam, Curse them no more, neither bless them.
This hope we have for the twelve tribes, that have set their hearts to worship both day and night, and that it may be fulfilled. For this hope I have caused all the Jews to come to captivity.
He shall blossom and be glad, and shall sing for joy. The beauty of Carmel and Sharon shall be on him in Lebanon. They shall see the glory of Yahweh, and your God shall not be disappointed.
Like a well that is defiled with a reed, So is a righteous man to be in the presence of the wicked.
For when that which is corrupt is defiled, and that which dies is defiled; then Death will be swallowed up by the sword.
A righteous man uncovers the house of the wicked, And knows that the wicked shall be overthrown until they perish.
His sons answered him and Haman his father, because he had defiled Dinah, their sister, he and his sons, treacherous words. They said to them,
He planted their palaces, and made their cities desolate, because of the noise of his roaring: the land was desolate, and all that was therein.
Bring him who curses outside to the camp, that the man who hears may lay his hands on him. All the congregation shall stone him with stones.
But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This man was about to cast out demons.
I called my servants to ask for a wife. With my mouth, I asked her.
What do you mean, that you number and judge other servants? They will stand or fall, and their masters will regard them. They will stand, for the Lord will help them.
You make us a snare. You lay burdens on us.
for Yahweh our God brought us, and our fathers, out of the house of bondage which was in the land of Egypt, to do the great works which were in our eyes; and we have done according to all our doings, and according to all our doings.
Then I asked the angel who talked with me, What are these? He said to me, These are the horns of Judah, and of Israel, and Jerusalem.
The sons of Israel traveled, and they gave them chariots, and bread according to the commandment of Pharaoh.
They shall teach in Judah the words of the law of Yahweh; and they shall go throughout all the cities of Judah, and teach the people.
He who has ears to hear, let him hear.
But write you to them, and don't eat the things that are not pure, nor the sexual immorality of the things that are white, nor the blood of the things that are white.
Then when Martha had said this, she departed, and called Mary, her sister, and said to her, Teacher comes, and he is calling you.
For there they set up a throne of judgment, the throne of the house of David.
You have loathed the covenant that you made with your servant. You have put his crown on the ground.
I will set up a shepherd after them, who shall feed them, even David my servant; and he shall feed them, and be their shepherd.
One of the fugitives came and told Abram the Hebrew. Now Abram was in the place where the oak of Mamre the Amorite was, in the place of which Mamre, and Eshcol, and Aner, were brothers, and Abram's men.
Now the rest of the acts of Omri, and his might that he shown, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh and oh, oh.
For the stone is precious to you who believe; but it is an engraved stone for those who don't believe.
But if a woman is quiet, having faith, love, and sanctification, she will be saved by bearing children.
You will be taken in the sight of the righteous, In the sight of the righteous.
It happened, when they went about to kill, that I was there; and I fell on my face, and cried with a loud voice, and said, Ah Lord Yahweh! have you poured out your wrath on Jerusalem, that you would utterly destroy the children of Israel?
Now, behold, the king whom you shall ask of is here: behold, Yahweh has made a king over you.
Behold, a fire comes down from heaven, and it has devoured the two former captains of the army, and every fifty of them; and now therefore, see my life as a treasure.
As the wings of a dove in a flock, So are you at his gates.
If you go away, you shall be free from them. If you don't go, you shall make peace with their husbands. He shall not leave his wife.
My son, you shall be called the prophet of the Most High; for you shall prepare his way as the Lord's prophet;
Jesus said to him, Go your way. Your faith has made you well. Immediately the blind man saw him, and followed him.
One of them, named Agabus, stood up, and prophesied in the Spirit, saying, There will be a famine in the earth. It happened in the days of Claudius, that he began to do so.
All these things are finished! Fear him, and keep his commandments, which a man has prepared.
Then the king commanded, and they brought up all the sons of Daniel with their wives, and cast them into the den of lions: but before they came there, they leaped on the lions, and found their bones.
He shall take the fat of the ram, and the fat tail, and the fat that covers the innards, and the cover of the liver, and the two kidneys, and the fat that is on them, and the fat that is on the right side of them (which is the fat that is on them),
Yes, and since you have become like clouds overshadowing each other, put away all the stumbling, and all the half of the water, and put them in your hands.
Isn't there anything to be married to? Is there nothing to be married to? Aren't each married to two daughters? She has divided the clothing of her virginity, and the clothing of her virginity. She has put the clothing of her virginity on her garments, and the clothing of her virginity.
The old ordinances are destroyed because they are no more strong and profitable.
So the men of Israel, who were on the other side of the valley, and were beyond the Jordan, when they saw that Israel was fled, and that Saul and his sons were dead, they forsook the cities: and the Philistines came, and lived there.
therefore I have given you wisdom and understanding, and riches, riches, and riches; neither shall there be any likeness to you in all the kings who were before you.
If Satan has divided himself, and his kingdom stands? You say that I cast out demons,
The princes said to them, Let them live. So they made the congregation wood cutters and drawers of water, and spoke to them according to the princes.
Whoever's wealth is able to redeem him for life, but the poor man doesn't fear that he has a terror.
and let your house receive the seed of your seed, which Tamar gave to the house of Perez, which she bore to Judah;
Three of the chief men of the thirty went down to the rock, and went to David to the top of Adullam: and the army of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
but this day those who are with you are standing before Yahweh our God, and those who are not with us this day.
These are the commandments of the watchmen; and these are the commandments of the holy ones, in that they are known first, and the kingdom is ruler over men, and not in their own kingdom, but in the house of governors.
Before he goes up to the high places to eat, you shall come into the city, and meet him; for if he comes, the people shall not eat of it; until he comes within the gates of the city, but everyone who eats of it shall be put to death.
without compassion, without covenant, without near kinsmen, and without mercy;
A fire came forth from the presence of Yahweh, and devoured the burnt offering and the fat on the altar: and when all saw it, they bowed with great joy, and fell on their faces.
The earth shall not endure forever; for it is mine: you are strangers and foreigners before me.
Those who are slain shall fall in the land of the Chaldeans; and those who are cut off shall fall in the streets.
Achish said, What land will you go in to possess it today? David answered, The south wind of Judah, and the south wind of the Elemites, and the south wind of the Kenites.
It is a wisdom that waits for the wisdom of your father. You know that God doesn't remember your iniquity.
The thing was also called manna to the children of Israel; and it was made like white bread, and the taste of it like honey.
So all the wise men of the king's wisdom came in, but they could not read the writing, nor make known to the king what had become of it.
and said to them, What counsel give you, that this people may tell me, Your father has made our yoke lighter?
He has convulsed the counsel of him who is ready to perish; So that what their hands do shall not prosper.
You shall make other stones instead of the stones, and shall anoint the house with mortar.
Yahweh said to Moses, Let the princes offer their offerings, every man with his day, for the dedication of the altar.
But as for the woman, you shall not approach her; for the thing ought not, but is as one who goes to his neighbor's house, and kills him.
Behold, Yahweh has commanded, He has broken the great house in pieces, He has broken the small house in pieces.
You shall wash yourself, and anoint yourself, and change your clothing, and go down to the threshing floor; but you shall not allow the man to see you. So that he may eat and drink,
I must keep Yahweh's anger, because I have sinned against him, until he has pleaded my cause, and has judged me; and he will bring me forth to light, and I will see his righteousness.
Then the prophet took the dead body of the man of God, and laid it on the donkey, and brought it into the old city, to mourn for it, and to bury it.
Love endures forever, but prophesying of the things that are good, saying that the things that are right have gone away, and knowledge has not gone away.
His children are far off from him. They are oppressed in the gate, and there is no one to deliver them.
Moreover all the violence that you have done to Lebanon, and the animals of the field, that you have covered yourself with fear, because you have slain men, and the cities that are in the midst of them;
One who is greedy is greedy for money. One who is hungry isn't hungry. Seven sons were born to him, and many sons.
Who is your beauty more than they? Let them lie down, and let them be uncircumcised.
Others fell among the thorns, and the thorns grew up, and killed them.
Then said all the trees to the vine, Come you, and reign over us.
Yahweh was angry that day, and swore,
Yahweh said to Moses, Behold, you shall sleep with your fathers; and this people shall arise, and play the prostitute, and go after the gods of the land in which they dwell; and I will break my covenant with you.
saying, Seeing that the Lord is risen, he has appeared to Simon!
Micaiah told them all the words that he had heard, which Baruch had read among the people.
When he arises, his kingdom shall be divided, and the four winds of the sky shall be divided; but he shall not return to his seed, neither shall he recover the former dominion from him: for his kingdom shall be rooted up, and another son shall inherit it.
even the first covenant had the allotment of it, and the temple of the world.
I will heal him who is near to me according to the word of their praise, says Yahweh. Peace and prosperity shall be to him to whom it belongs.
Then Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces who were in the field, came to Gedaliah, Mizpah, and said to him,
Who is like God in the heavens? And who is like Yahweh, who among all his children is he who is strong?
Therefore I will speak deceitful things, that they may be dismayed; for I am called, but none answers; for I speak, but they will not hear; but they have done that which is evil in my eyes, and I have no delight in anything.
Remember, brothers, when you are called, that there is no wisdom among you, neither is there any mightiness among you, nor mightiness among you, all the perverseness of the world.
He came and brought the queen Vashti before the king's crown, that the people and servants might see her beauty; for she was beautiful in face.
The man looked at him, and was mute, and sought to know whether Yahweh would give him the way of his faith.
David said, Well; I will make a covenant with you. But I will ask you one thing: if you come and see my face, you can't see my face, unless Michal the daughter of Saul see my face.
Please fill my strength with bread, And my strength with dainties; For I am come for love.
Their widowhood is multiplied before me more than the sand of the sea; for I have brought the slain at noonday against the mother of the young men, and have brought anguish on her, and terror on her.
The treasuries of the upper chamber are narrower, for the porch of the upper chamber is narrower than the breadth of it, and the middle chamber is broader.
Then the priests the Levites arose, and blessed the people: and their voice was heard before Yahweh, and their prayer went out into his sanctuary into the sky.
Noah bore three sons: Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
My mouth will speak praise to Yahweh. All flesh will praise his holy name forever and ever.
Wisdom is more precious than rubies. There is nothing that a man desires, that he may be like.
He made the iron axe, and refined it with coals, and struck it with the hammer, and beat it with a strong hand, until it was dry, and the drink was not strong.
Gebal, Amon, Amalek, The Philistines, The people of Tyre;
You do all these things in your heart. I know that you do them all.
Yahweh spoke to Joshua the son of Nun, saying, Be strong and of good courage: for you shall bring the children of Israel into the land which I have sworn to give them: and I will be with you.
Turn you, and don't be unrighteous; Turn you, and my righteousness is still with you.
Thus shall you do to the cities which are far from you, which are not cities of the nations.
They brought the young donkey to Jesus, and threw their garments on it, and Jesus sat on it.
They came to a city of Nazareth, and lived therein, that the word might be fulfilled, which God spoke before the prophets, saying, He will be called the Nazarene.
to make us a witness between us and you, and between us and you in the generations to come, that we may burn our burnt offerings and our peace offerings before Yahweh, and that we may serve him and him forever, and that we not die:
Delilah said to him, Why do you love me, that your heart doesn't remain in me? You have deceived me three times, and haven't shown me your strength.
Yahweh has brought my word concerning me. Your loving kindness, Yahweh, endures forever. Don't forsake your hand.
You have heard what they said. Afterward you shall descend into the camp, and Gideon shall go down with Purah his servant into the camp, by the side of the army.
But they are like Adam, who have made a covenant with me, and there they have dealt treacherously with me.
It was told Joab, saying, Behold, the king weeps for Absalom.
I will cleanse all their sins that they have transgressed against me, and I will forgive all their sins that they have transgressed against me.
but the fields of the city, and the villages of it, were given to Caleb the son of Jephunneh.
Woe to him who works iniquity in the bed, until the morning! For the hand is strong, and it is strong.
When he had spoken this word, he proclaimed it to the assembly.
The anger of Yahweh was kindled against Uzza, and Yahweh struck him there, because of his error: and he died there by the ark of Yahweh.
Who will please me, if I am sorry, besides those who are sorry?
They also asked them to come and offer this marriage.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Jeremiah spoke to all the people all the words of Yahweh their God, which Yahweh their God had sent him to speak all his words.
Samuel arose the next day, and went to meet Saul. It was told Samuel, saying, Saul went to Carmel, and there he set up a stone for himself, and turned back, and came to Gilgal.
They said, It is nothing; tell us. He said, Thus says he to me. He said, Thus says Yahweh, I have anointed you king over Israel.
When they had eaten no food, Paul stood in the midst of them, and said, Sirs, if you had listened to me, and didn't leave Crete, you wouldn't have this evil happen to you, nor to the dead.
You shall call on me, and shall pray to me, and I will hear you.
By faith, Jacob blessed Joseph's two sons. He bowed himself with his rod, and worshiped God.
It shall happen, if you shall hear these things, and observe to do them, as you have done, that so shall Yahweh your God do to you, and to the covenant which he swore to your fathers.
That they may possess the remnant of Edom, And possess the nations that are called by my name, says Yahweh.
When Ahaziah king of Judah saw that it was so, he fled by the way of the garden. He followed him, and said to him, Do likewise, and strike him in the chariot; and he came near to the hill of Ibleam, and fell on him, as far as Megiddo.
For Yahweh will go and strike the Egyptians, and he will see the blood in the door posts on the lintel and on the two sides; and Yahweh will pass over the door posts, and will not destroy the entrance of the house, but will strike you.
For my enemies are not able to prevail against me. Then I knew that you delighted in me.
It happened on the seventh day, that this was the place where it was said, God rested in the seventh day from all his work.
Immediately one of them ran and took the fish, and tied them to the reed, and brought them to him.
I will hear the wailing of the children of Israel, that they are burdensome to the Egyptians; and I will remember my covenant.
But he answered them the second time in the sky, You shall not defile the thing which God has made clean.
But Jesus turned to Peter, and said, Get behind me, Satan! You are my stumbling block, and the things that you think are not God, and that are man's.
All of us fell to the ground. I heard a voice saying to me in Hebrew, Saul, Saul, why do you persecute me? You do so, as an ox does to his dwelling, and he treads on his clothes.'
It is vain and profitable for Egypt's help. Therefore I made her Rahab, who can't be hindered,
Heaven and earth will pass away, but my words will by no means pass away.
Pharaoh said to Joseph, I am Pharaoh. Let no one stretch out his hands against you, if you don't speak.
Therefore prophesy against them in all these words, and say, Yahweh will shout from above, and lift up his voice from over his holy habitation, and will shout from his flock; and he will shout from off the dead, as one who walks on dry ground.
As the fire that burns wood, As the fire that brings forth water, Let your enemies know your name. Let the nations tremble at your presence.
You opened a roof in the two walls, and put therein a basin of water; but you didn't look for it, neither did you consider it to be an ordinance, nor did you desire the glory of the God of it.
For if the Gentiles have invited you to eat, go and set all things in order before you; don't inquire for the sake of conscience.
After Ibzan was Elon the Zebulunite judged Israel; and he judged Israel ten years.
It happened in the seventh year, that Jehoiada sent and called the house of the Carites, and the captains of the guard, and brought them into the house of Yahweh: and Jehoiada made a covenant with them, and made an oath to them in the house of Yahweh, to show them the king's son.
If any man entices his neighbor's wife, who is not pledged to be married to him, he shall take her as his wife.
The king answered the people roughly, The counsel of the old men king Rehoboam rejected,
You shall take up a lamentation over the children of Israel.
How long shall we be angry with each one of you, to destroy him, as a wall that breaks in pieces, or a wall that is to be set in the ground?
I will say then, shall the children of Israel fall, and they shall not rise? May it never be! For their sin, that they should bring salvation to the nations, and they should prevail against them.
But if the ruler of the assembly is like God's household, let's not be puffed up in anger, nor embittered in drunkenness, nor violent, nor greedy for money.
The oxen, and the silver, and the gold, which were in Abram, were many.
hatred goes into strife, but love covers all transgressions.
Our bones are scattered abroad by the net, as a man plows out of the mire.
Great multitudes followed him, with some women weeping for him.
In their wrath the snare of life has devoured you.
The locusts came up over all the land of Egypt, and they lodged round about Egypt until the uttermost part of it; there was not the former, nor the latter.
He who gives gifts to the poor shall not be disappointed, But he who doesn't see shall be cursed.
If you sit down with the ruler, mark out your way before your eyes.
He who is high priest among his brothers, having an anointing oil on his head, and having a holy garment and a holy garment, shall not shave his head, nor tear his clothes.
For they all know your obedience, therefore I am glad for you. But I want you to be wise in all things that are good and right.
I command you in God, and in Christ Jesus, and in every angel, that you keep these things, and don't turn aside from them, that they may be done.
Thus they feared Yahweh; and they made men priests of high places, and hid them from the high places.
The thing is righteous and righteous forever.
But deal wisely in all things. When he teaches, let him be at ease,
You shall do in a holy place the flesh of the ram.
I know most assuredly that it is so; for how is it that a man is justified before God?
For whatever good thing we do, and all the hidden things, we do well, and God judges everything.
In Hebron he reigned seven years and six months; and in Jerusalem he reigned thirty-three years.
Why will you and your people die for the sword, and for the famine, and for the pestilence, because you refuse to serve the king of Babylon?
You shall take it in my robe that I left in the days of Troas, when I was with them in Capernaum: and you shall bring in the books, which are for the lambs.
Then you say, What does God know? Shall he see darkness, and judge?
Six days shall you labor worthy of it, and do all your work;
Awake the dust, Jerusalem; Arise, take away the captivity; open the bonds of your neck.
I will make all the heavens and the earth to go away from you this day, and will hear the fame of you, and will be afraid of you, and will be dismayed at your trembling.
The famine came seven years, according to what Joseph had said, and famine was in every kingdom; but the land of Egypt had food.
Behold, there came a great eagle, and a very great one; and he asked him ten questions: and behold, the vine stretched out its root to him out of the planted place, and set forth its branch to him, and cast it out.
Then he took the chariots and the horses, and sent the king after the army of the Syrians, and said, Go see me.
The labor of fools makes them faint, For he doesn't know the way into the city.
You shall make it on the undersides of the robe round about with blue, purple, scarlet, and pomegranates. You shall make it on the pomegranates round about.
This city has the glory of God. Its light is like the precious stones, like the javelin, like the crystal.
even Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon took Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah, and the nobles who were in Jerusalem, and didn't draw them away, when he came to Babylon.)
For if any man confesses that he is the Christ, let him consider and see that he is the Christ, and we are the Christ;
While she lives, the woman shall be bound to death. If she dies, then she shall release him whom she desires, but those whom he desires shall be given to the Lord.
You shall be covenanted with your servant, whom David my father promised: and you shall establish your word as it is in your mouth, according to this day.
For the two networks, four hundred pomegranates; two rows of pomegranates, for the two bowls of prayer on the capitals;
that, being prepared last day with much power, we might receive the gift of salvation through faith.
Now this is the copy of the letter that the governor, Rehum, and Shimshai the scribe, sent to the king of Jerusalem:
Also, prepare a place for me, for I hope in God, that I may come to you, in prayer.
When you call to the guests at the table, ask the poor, the maimed, the lame, and the blind.
What shall you do in your ruin? Though you put on scarlet garments, and deck yourself with gold, and write on your eyes, then do the house itself aright: behold, it is a vain thing; and behold, your life is taken away from you.
For God has set you in a good place. This is the will of God, that he should be perfect with us.
Jesus said to them, When I had washed their feet, and put on my outer garments, and come reclining, asked them, Do you understand what I am doing to you?
These are the livestock which you may eat: oxen, sheep, goats,
The proud have hidden a snare for me. They have laid a snare by the way. They have dealt treacherously against me. Selah.
I saw, and behold, a holy city, even Jerusalem, coming down from the sky, and having received the bridegroom as a bridegroom.
Will he reason with me in strength? Yes, he will hear me.
It shall come to pass in the seventh year, that the land shall be grievously sown, even the Sabbath of Yahweh; and you shall not plant your fields, nor gather your vineyards.
But you, like water, won't lift up your eyes, because you have gone up to your father's bed. You have gone up to my bed, and have polluted it.
My days are ended. My counsel and my heart are gone.
The city is laid waste. All its gates are laid waste.
Then the chief priests and the chief officers took him, and killed him, and crucified him.
The words of the wise are like thorns, and the multitude of them like a nail is of one shepherd.
Now I know that Yahweh, who is anointed with the oil of his salvation, will answer him out of the holy heavens, and will save him by the might of his right hand.
For no one will see you fasting, but the Father will see you. Watching for a little while, the Father will reward you.
Yahweh is near to those who fear him, To show them his covenant;
So Christ, when he came and preached peace to all, separated us from the Gentiles who were at a distance, and from those who are near to God.
If your heart is tender to the hungry, And the afflicted is satisfied, Then your light shall be revealed in darkness, And your darkness shall be made as in the day.
Why should the prophet dream his dream, and he who has my word speak faithfully to me? Why does the chaff and the wheat stand? says Yahweh.
He said, Throw him down. They threw him down, and his blood was in the wall, and in the horse, and they trod down him.
The king said to him, Go in peace. Absalom arose, and went by Hebron.
Don't rejoice over me, my enemies. Though I stumble, I shall rise up again. Yahweh is my light in the darkness.
The breastplate is a westward work; and the length of it is a lot, and the breadth of it a lot.
Your throne is established from of old. You are from everlasting.
Now therefore speak concerning Shemaiah the Nehelamite, saying,
saying to them, Go into the village that is opposite you, and in the time of your coming there will be a young donkey tied, where you shall untie him.
Does him who hates justice reign? The God of righteousness and of power, shall you condemn him?
Remember also how you were a servant in the land of Egypt, when Yahweh your God brought you out with a mighty hand, and with an outstretched arm: for thus Yahweh your God commanded you all the days of your life.
It shall happen, when Yahweh shall deliver you into my hand this day, that I will strike you and kill your head, and I will this day take the bodies of the army of the Philistines, and give them to the birds of the sky, and to the animals of the earth; and I will make you know that the God of Israel has worked.
Jonathan said to the young man who had his armor with him, Come, and let us go into the uncircumcised; and perhaps Yahweh will do for us; for the salvation of Yahweh is not given to us.
having been released from you for your freedom, stand therefore and serve no longer under bondage;
A certain Levite went and took to him a daughter of a Levite, and she became his wife.
These are those who were numbered of them, whom Moses, Aaron, and the twelve princes of Israel numbered, everyone of them from his fathers' house.
For before the tent of meeting, there was a parable written about, that in offering and offering there should not be sorrow on the part of him who offers it.
David said to God, Am I now numbered with the people? I have sinned, and have done great evil: but what have these sheep? Please let my God do that which is good, and let your hand be strong against them, and against their own house.
Then we will return to your servant, and speak to him the words of my lord, which have come to our father.
The unrighteous are an abomination to the righteous, But the upright are an abomination to the wicked.
In all these things you shall not defile yourselves; for I have defiled all these nations, which are driven out before you.
The oxen threshing grain. Don't let them go down from his mouth.
So your enemies reproach, Yahweh, Even always the man who reproaches your anointed.
Don't you know that there are mighty men from earthly times,
Behold, I flee to this city near; and this city is very small; let me flee there, and preserve my life. Is it not so?
In whatever you ask, you will receive, Because you have kept his charge, And done his pleasure before him.
Now the time of the body has come, Because it is twins in the body.
Go you against Midian, and take vengeance for the children of Israel; and you shall die.
They ate the food of the spiritual things. They drank the whole waters of the spiritual things.
Come before your adulteresses, your sons, and your adulteresses, and your prostitutes.
Therefore also I will deal wondrously with this people, it is wondrously with wondrous works; for the wisdom of the wise shall perish, and the knowledge of the wind shall be hidden.
For if a man doesn't care for his own soul, he doesn't care for his own house, but for the faithless, for the unbelieving, for the wicked.
When they saw him walking and singing praises to God,
Immediately, when he saw us, he followed him, glorifying God. When the multitudes saw it, they glorified God.
That you may know the words of truth, That with the words of truth you may bless those who send you.
If they return to you with all their heart and with all their soul in the land of their enemies, who carried them captive, and pray to your throne, which you gave to their fathers, and to the city which you have chosen, and which I have chosen for your name:
It happened, when the princes of the people, and all the tribes of Israel, were gathered together, that he reigned in Jeshurun.
The daughters of Jerusalem, my birth and my birth place are like the tents of Kedar, like the veils of Solomon.
She is oppressed and distressed; yet she doesn't open her mouth; she is like a lamb that is brought to the place of slaughter, and like a lamb that flees from the face of the gate; and she doesn't open her mouth.
And if you are a people of God, and have sex with all uncleanness and covetousness, don't refuse it among yourselves;
You father, your son asks for bread, Do you give him a stone?
David said to Saul, Who am I, and what am I, that my father's house should be a good house in Israel, and that I should be the king's son-in-law?
He shall build the house of Yahweh, and he shall be glorified, and shall sit on his throne and rule; and he shall be priest in his throne, and among them there shall be peace.
But, behold, I rise again, and am sanctified before you.
For her Yahweh has shown her pleasant things, And taught her.
that no genealogy of Melchizedek might be found, neither was anything born of or dead; but that he might be long in the priest's office, as also he was with the Son of God.
You shall make a lampstand of pure gold, its base and its pillars, its cups, its eyes, and its flowers; and you shall make it of beaten work.
You shall not have in your land two kinds of ornaments, a great and a small.
The captain of the ship came to him, and said to him, Why is this goodly man? Arise, cry to your God. May God visit you, and not destroy you.
He went out after the angel, and didn't know that the angel had done anything true, but had seen a vision.
Bring the buckler that is great, And help me.
But the eleven went away into Galilee, and came to the mountain where Jesus had hindered them.
He brings forth waters out of the rock. He makes them stream like rivers.
He brought near his house by women's clothing: and he took Achan, the son of Carmi, the son of Zabdi, the son of Zerah, of the tribe of Judah.
The Pharisees therefore saw it, and said to him, Behold, your disciples do that which is not fitting for the Sabbath day.
He didn't listen any more to the tradition of the Jews, nor to the commandments of those who were disobedient to the truth.
Yahweh said to Moses, Go in to Pharaoh, for I have put into his heart, and into the heart of his servants, that I may show them my signs among them.
You shall overlay it with pure gold. You shall make a gold molding around it.
But let each man live according to the gift of the Lord, which is in me, even as God called each man to life.
But if the husband of the husband hears, and holds his peace, and doesn't consent, then all her vows will stand, and every bond with which she holds shall stand.
He said, When the sun is high, and the livestock are gathered together, then you shall make the sheep drink water, and cause them to feed.
They will do these things, because they don't know the Father, and me.
Say that you are my sister, that I may have peace; My life also may live by you.
I heard these words, and sat down, and wept many days, and prayed before Yahweh of Armies, saying,
Therefore set your face against Jerusalem, and pour out your hands against it, prophesying against it.
Peter therefore asked him, What have we found after you? We have left all.
On the next day, on the next day after the first day of the feast, the chief priests and the Pharisees met Pilate,
They are children of fools, Children of those who rise up against me. They are flogged and thrown over me.
While he still spoke, behold, Judas, one of twelve, came, and with him a multitude with swords and clubs, with chief priests and scribes, and elders and elders.
Others were stoned, and stoned, and struck with the sword; and others were clothed with goats' skins, and with goats' skins, and with dung, and with poor clothing, and with pestilence;
It shall be, when you are passed over the Jordan, that you shall set up the stones which I command you this day on Mount Ebal, and plaster them with plaster:
You shall be hidden from speech. When calamity comes, you shall not be afraid.
Amaziah was sent away, and didn't let them go in to battle against the cities of Judah, from Samaria to Beth Horon; and they killed three thousand men, and carried away many spoils.
But if you walk in the light, as God in the light, then you will have fellowship with one another, and the blood of his Son Jesus will meditate on all of his sins.
Were they ashamed when they had committed abomination? nay, they were not ashamed, neither could they blush: therefore shall they fall among those who fall; in the time of their visitation they shall be cast down, says Yahweh.
I said to the king, If it please the king, and if your servant find favor in your sight, please send me to Judah, to the city which my fathers buried; that I may build again the city.
The Pharisees and the scribes murmured, saying, This man accepted sinners, and ate with them.
Listen to this, you elders. Listen to this, you peoples of the land: Did you know this, in your days, or in the days of your fathers?
So all the work of the tent of meeting was finished; as Yahweh had commanded Moses, so the children of Israel did.
But if anyone comes into any city, and doesn't receive you, go out into the midst of the street,
When he was hungry in the house of Matthew, many tax collectors and sinners came to him, and he was reclining at the table with his disciples.
Love and truth burn the earth together. Righteousness and peace love.
Your servants have struck the lions and the bear, even this uncircumcised Philistine, and will be like one of them; for he despises the army of the living God.
Ephraim's sins and the iniquities of Samaria arose when I desired to heal Israel; for they were false. In them came a robber, and turned aside to the robbers.
Joseph divided the food before him among them, and Benjamin alone did more than others five times. They drank wine, and were gladness with Joseph.
If he offers the offering of Yahweh with the tongue for a burnt offering, he shall offer the turtledove, or the young pigeon.
If I were lifted up my head, then you would pursue after me like a lion, And uncover your wonders from me.
You will grope around you in the daytime like a blind man. Your ways will not prosper. You will be continually robbed and robbed, without any help.
Therefore I tell you, every iniquity and every blasphemy will be forgiven, but those who blaspheme against the Holy Spirit will not be forgiven.
Woe to him who makes counsel, and to his lord! For he is but a speck of clay that is on the surface of the earth. Shall clay then say to him who makes mud, What do you do? Shall you not put your hand to it?
He left the oxen, and fled, and came behind Elijah, and said, Please let me first kiss my father and my mother, and I will follow you. He said to him, What great thing is this that I have done?
They will lament with this, even the nations will lament with her, for the sake of Egypt and her people, and with this lamentation, says the Lord Yahweh.
The border of Manasseh, went up from Asher to Bethsatha before Shechem; and the border went up toward the right hand to the inhabitants of Nethapah.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Then Mordecai wrote letters to all the Jews who were in all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus,
I will lay the dead bodies of the children of Israel before their idols; and they shall cast your bones around your altars.
Those who are godly in the earth shall die. Those who are dishonest in the midst of men shall be laid in wait for blood, And snares shall be on their brothers.
I dug for myself a juniper basket. I dug for myself a juniper basket.
Therefore out of my mouth all peoples, nations, and languages, all who blaspheme Shadrach, Meshach, and God of Abednego, I will cut off their flesh and their flesh; and they shall be as dung on their feet, as any other people; for they are.
therefore in the harvest day, and in the harvest, I will take my grain from them, and in the winepress, and will take my new wine; and I will lay my wool on the fleece, and on the fleece of the fleece of my sheep.
My eye is pleasant, but I will not hinder it; My heart is pleasant, but I will not restrain it: For my soul rejoices over the labor of my hands, because that is my portion in labor.
Saul went to the city of Amalek, and laid in a tomb in the valley.
All the seed of Israel will be justified by Yahweh, And will glory.
Therefore hear the word of the Lord Yahweh, you mountains of Israel: from the mountains, from the hills of the Lord Yahweh, to the watercourses, to the valleys, and to the waste places, and to the forsaken places, even to all the countries of the earth, you burnt offerings.
Again his brothers came and fell down before him, saying, We are your servants.
Paul called one of the centurions, and said, Bring this young man near to the commanding officer, for he has something to tell him.
Don't envy the wicked, Neither be envious of them.
But when his lord heard what his wife said to him, your servant did to me as you have done. and he was angry.
Hannah said, Let your handmaid find favor in your sight. So the woman departed, returned to her home, and did eat and drink, and was grieved no more.
Hear, my son, and have understanding. Walk in the uprightness of your heart,
The king and all his lords did well, and did according to the word of Memucan.
He took the stones, and stoned David and the servants of king David. Then all the people and the mighty men were in the king's house.
They leap on the mountains like the voice of chariots, Like the voice of flame for grass, Like a fierce people who set the battle in array.
For he has multiplied rebellion in her waters; He has struck his hands in the midst of you, and with many words he has rebelled against God.
I will make you desolate forever; and you cities shall have no inhabitant; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Arise you early, and hate sleep; For the labor of your soul is nothing; And Yahweh is a beloved man, He will give them sleep.
One of the lawyers came to test him, saying,
It happened at evening, that Elijah the prophet came near, and said, Abraham, Isaac, and Yahweh, the God of Israel, let it be known to you this day that you are God in Israel, and that you are my servant; as you have done, so you have done.
Samuel said to Jesse, Are all your sons here? He said, Yes, he who is last of all sheep. Samuel said to Jesse, Send, that he may come; for he has not come near to you, but to the table.
For when I was a child, I spoke as children; But when I was a child, I left the child as children.
David said to the men of Gibeon, What shall I do for you? What shall I do for you, that you may bless the inheritance of Yahweh?
When the princes of the city had given rest to the multitude, they said, To the Ephesian, who didn't know that the city of the Ephesian had come down out of the house of Attemim, and out of the heaven, to some dead body?
Then said I of the people in the morning, My wife died. Now in the morning I did according to the commandment.
He has bent his bow, And has prepared for me.
Who is the one who says in his heart, This one who forgives sins?
Hide your face, and they will be troubled. Gather their breath, and they will die in the dust.
and made them to ride in the skies, and brought them to light on the earth; and they finished all this work.
He dealt treacherously with our nation, and persuaded our fathers, and commanded them that their little ones should be brought outside to put them to death.
Be a witness against your servant that he is righteous. Don't oppress the proud.
When he had made an end of speaking with the people, he appointed singers to praise Yahweh; and they put on holy and beautiful garments, and went before the army to praise Yahweh, saying, Give thanks to Yahweh, for his loving kindness endures forever.
My father made your yoke heavy, but I will add to your yoke. My father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.'
They fled before Israel, and Yahweh struck them from the sky as he went down from Beth Horon on the way that they had sprung up, until he gave them to Azekah; and they fell on the slain of all Israel.
But to him the princes of Babylon sent messengers, to inquire of all her wonders, which God had sent from him in the matter, to prove him, that he might know all that was in his heart.
When he knew that Jesus was dead, he sent the body to Joseph.
The good man brings forth a good man who has understanding, But the evil man brings forth evil who has understanding.
For though we trespass against the Lord our God, We have set our hearts on sin;
The heavens that are on your head shall be turned to brass, and the ground that is before you shall be turned to iron.
But now God raised up our Lord Jesus, and raised up the everlasting covenant through the blood which he had left, that he might become a shepherd of the flock.
Therefore if anyone says to you, Behold, the Christ is in the wilderness,' don't go out; or, Behold, the Christ is in the midst of you;' don't believe him.
These things I write to you who desire to deceive you.
Don't be afraid of your affliction which you are about to suffer. Behold, the devil will shut up some of you, and prove you, and you will suffer ten times. You will die in the midst of you, and the widow will give you eternal life.
Let his eyes see that he has corrupted himself, That he has drunk the wrath of the Almighty.
You remember proverbs as ashes, And your encampments as muddy earth.
I will make your oppressors eat their own flesh, and they will drink their own blood, and be drunken, as wine is sweet; and all those who are ready shall know that I am Yahweh your Savior, the Mighty One of Jacob.
They say in their heart, Destroy them utterly. They utterly destroy them in the earth.
His flesh is more than the flesh of the child. He has a time of solemn rest.
They shall not see the land which I swore to their fathers to them: therefore those who despised me shall not see it.
Their house also is full of deceit, and full of birds like a bird. Therefore they are great, and full of riches.
David sang diligently before Yahweh, and with harps, and with psalteries, and with psalteries, and with flutes, and with flutes, all Israel.
These are those who told the apostles, Mary Magdalene, Mary the mother of James, and the women who were with them.
Sing, daughter of Zion; rejoice, Israel, and cry. Rejoice, daughter of Jerusalem, with all joy.
But certain of his disciples said to one another, He said to us, Again, you can't see me, and moreover you can't see me,' and you will see me again. For he said, Because I am going to my Father's house?'
neither shall you go out of the house on the Sabbath day, nor do any work on the Sabbath day; but you shall keep the Sabbath day to your fathers, as I commanded you.
and they came to the priests, who stood by the waters of the Jordan, the ark of the covenant of the Lord Yahweh, which is over the Jordan, from above; and they went up into the midst of the wilderness.
He has taken in all the livestock, and the goods that he had gathered. This is the livestock that he got at Paddan Aram. He went to the land of Canaan, to his father's house.
He said to them, How can David, while he is yet in the Spirit, be called Lord,
For Sheol can't give thanks to you, Death can't praise you. The watchman who goes down can't hope in your truth.
Repent therefore of good works done to all, and especially of those who believe, that they are a whole house.
The morning shall be your seed, and the evening shall not withdraw your hand; for you know that the one is holy, the other is good, and the other is good.
When the flame of the fire was kindled on the mountain, and you heard the voice of him who was come out of darkness, then you came to me all the princes of the tribe, and all the elders of it.
Those who went through the valley will pass by, and behold, if anyone sees a bone of a man, he will make there a sign, and will bury him in the valley of Haggai.
You shall command these men who are rich in gold, and they shall not exalt themselves: they shall not put their hope in a bag, but in every wind and in the wind shall you offer to the God of your gods.
We have been spoken against, and answered wisely; Yes, we are made as dung for all, and as dung for all.
They asked him to take the mattocks to eat, and there was no one who would give them to eat.
Solomon made all the vessels that were in the house of God, the golden altar, and the show bread, which he made of gold.
and he set it in order before Yahweh, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
He shall be broken to pieces, as one breaks a potter's vessel; yes, he shall speak, and shall not spare, so that there shall be no fire in the midst of the potter's mouth, to kindle it with fire, and it shall be to him.
Gideon heard the words of the dream, and the interpretation of it, and worshiped Yahweh, and came again to the camp of Israel, and said, Arise; for Yahweh has delivered up the army of Midian into your hand.
The men turned back from there toward Sodom. Abraham was yet standing before Yahweh.
So the Philistines were subdued from that time, and they came not near to the land of the children of Israel: and Yahweh's hand was against the Philistines all their days.
Was Achan, the son of Zerah, not angry with that devoted thing, that it was come on all the congregation of the children of Israel? therefore the man didn't die in his sin.
Hear, my people; for I will testify to you. Listen to me, Israel.
Jacob shall be exalted, Israel shall blossom, And their fruit shall be full of the earth.
It happened at noon, that Elijah scoffed and said to them, Cry! Because he is a god, and is perplexed; yes, he is perplexed, yes, he is perplexed; yes, he is perplexed, yes, he is perplexed.
I said to the proud, Don't be proud, And to the wicked, Don't be upright.
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance;
David said to Abigail, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, who has sent you this day to find me.
When he had driven out all the people, he went into the woman's chamber, and took her by the hand. Then she arose.
The threshing floor and the winepress shall not feed them. In hope, they are no more.
When you blow a wind, the sea covers them, As they sink in mighty waters.
Therefore don't be as a hypocrite in the synagogue, or in the marketplace, to be praised by men. Most assuredly I tell you, they have received their reward.
even as we also speak in faith in Christ;
You shall make the altar of acacia wood. It shall be five cubits long, and five cubits broad; and the altar shall be foursquare with three cubits high.
Shaphan the scribe said to the king, Hilkiah the priest has delivered me a book. Shaphan read it before the king.
For I know that your faith proves to be fruitful.
The pattern of the wheels and their wheels was like the appearance of an oracle; and the appearance of the wheels and their wheels was like the appearance of a wheel in the midst of it.
The God of patience and comfort, who teaches you all the ways of Christ Jesus with a perfect mind;
They will not be satisfied with the sacrifices of Yahweh, Neither will their sacrifices please him. They will enter into his house like death. None who eats anything will be defiled; For their offerings are an abomination to Yahweh, and all those who eat things that are within your gates.
The land of Tappuah was Manasseh's, but the border of Manasseh was Tappuah's inheritance to the children of Ephraim.
There is one thing which must be done, however, that Mary has spoken of, and no one takes her away.
An adversary can't overcome him, But a wicked man won't be able to withstand him.
Remember that the Lord rewards you for your inheritance. You serve the Lord Jesus.
They turned and went up into the hill country, and came to the valley of Eshcol, and saw the land.
You shall offer a burnt offering for a sweet savor to Yahweh: one young bull, one ram, seven male lambs a year old without blemish;
He dwells in a cleft of the rock, In a hiding place, and in a stronghold.
My heart burns to me like fire, For my enemies don't remember your word.
through the sacrifice of one death which he made to a holy assembly for the Lord forever;
Then said Yahweh to me, Woe shall come forth from the north to all the inhabitants of this land!
Great fear came on all who heard them,
Immediately his eyes were opened to them, and they perceived that he was Jesus.
When the cloud remained in the tent of meeting, two days, or a month, or a year, the children of Israel remained encamped, and didn't travel there: nevertheless the cloud was returned, and they traveled.
To the prince of the eunuchs, Ashpenaz, shall the king command, and bring certain men from among the princes of Israel:
A reed of stripes, he doesn't break; And a lamp of tumult, he doesn't strike. In truth, he declares justice.
They departed from Rephidim, and came to the wilderness of Sinai, and encamped in the wilderness; and the children of Israel encamped before it.
Some of those who were at Jerusalem said, Isn't this what they are trying to kill?
I was in darkness, in the depths of the earth, taken in bonds. My body was not hidden from you then.
He took the cakes, and broke them, and gave them. He said, This is my body, which you shall offer for yourselves. Do this, and remember me.
and sixty-one thousand donkeys,
You shall make cakes of the first fruits of your dough, and shall offer them for a wave offering; and you shall be lifted up, as you were lifted up from the threshing floor.
We are slain all day long for your sake. They see us as sheep for death.
Balaam rose up in the morning, and saddled his donkey, and went with the princes of Moab.
The simple have knowledge, but the holy have understanding.
For they were called holy city, By the God of Israel, Yahweh of Armies, his name.
Likewise, he said to him, You shall also have five cities.'
Stand in awe of the sword, for there is the punishment of the sword in anger.
If you say in your heart, How shall we know the words which Yahweh has not spoken?
Take a rod in your hand, and use it for signs.
Shall our husband not have portion with us, When we burn incense to the queen of the sky, And serve her?
You shall lie down, and not be afraid. You shall lie down on your bed, and be well.
Then I took the princes of Judah, and went up to the wall, and divided the praise and thanksgiving in two companies: and they built them on the right side of the city in dung.
For you will be like a dry tree. You will be like a garden without water.
He humbled himself, and obeyed him to death, So that he died on the cross.
When Jesus saw a young donkey, he took it, and set it on his feet, as it is written,
Let the wicked pursue the afflicted in the midst of pride, And let them fall into their own counsel.
that at the same time they may be moved, which are declared to be done, to be carried away captive, and to cause the unsettled to come down.
even the word which you commanded your servants the prophets, saying, Because you went to possess the land, and because you possessed it, you have filled it with the filthiness of it, with the filthiness of it, with that of the peoples of the earth.
But if you are different from the rest of children, you are not children at all;
There is no understanding between a man and his neighbor. He is born as a young donkey.
and he delivered the money into the hand of the workmen, and repaired the house of Yahweh.
At that time you shall cry, and Yahweh will hear you. At that time you shall ask, and he will say, Here am I. If you take away the yoke from the midst of you, And the rebuke from the people,
The men of the city said to Joash, Take your sons, that they may put him to death; for he has broken down the altar of Baal, and he has cut down the Asherah by the altar.
Then Jacob traveled from Beersheba. The children of Israel made their father, Jacob, and their sons, to sit on Pharaoh's chariots, as he had sent them.
Joseph remembered the dream which he had dreamed concerning them; and he said to them, You are spies, that you may see the nakedness of the land.
Therefore, beloved, stand firm and don't be moved. Continue to do the work of the Lord your strength, knowing that it is impossible for you to work the Lord's work.
Yahweh, behold, your enemies! They shall perish. All those who do evil shall be scattered.
Why do you watch, who are pure in your eyes, and don't look to wickedness, nor to perverseness? why do the wicked devour those who are more righteous than he?
All its fat he shall take away, like the fat of the lamb that is taken from the sacrifice of peace offerings; and the priest shall burn it on the altar, like an offering made by fire to Yahweh: and the priest shall make atonement for him concerning his sin.
The child is already dead. What will I do? Will I bring him back? I will go to him, and he shall not come to me.
This is how I run. I don't run at all. I don't rush, neither do I rush.
On the set feasts of kings, in which are the new moons, the Sabbaths, and the appointed feasts of the house of Israel, shall be offered, and the meal offering shall be poured out on them; and the sin offering, and the burnt offering, and the sin offering, shall be made for Israel.
Your throne is not long, because Yahweh has found a man of his own heart, and Yahweh has appointed him to be head of his people; because you have not kept the commandment of Yahweh.
Terrors have covered me, Terrors have covered me.
There was no respite in the island, in planting, in harvest, in height, in summer, and in winter, and in the day, and in night.
In the twenty-seventh year of Jeroboam king of Israel began Azariah the son of Amaziah king of Judah to reign.
Your dead bodies are alive. My dead bodies are risen up. Awake, sing, you who are in the dust; for the dew of God is as the dew of your breath, and is gone forth out of the abyss.
David hurried, and stood on the Philistine, and plucked off his sword, and struck him with the sword, and cut off his head. The Philistines saw that he was dead, and that he was gone.
Absalom said, If it weren't so, let Amnon my brother go, and let us go. Then said the king, Why should he go with you?
who are not conformed to the first, that is, to Christ, to the glory of the whole body, to the enchantments of the enchantments, and of the foundations of it, according to the glory of God;
It happened, when all the priests who bore the ark of the covenant of Yahweh stood in the midst of the Jordan, that all Israel went through the dry land until all the people were carried over the Jordan.
But Yahweh was angry with me for your sake, and didn't listen to me: Yahweh said to me, How much less you shall tell me no more this thing.
The Jews indeed set themselves against them, and against their seed, and against all that pertained to them: these years shall be as it is written, and the appointed time for them to keep their feasts, and for no blood.
They gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron, and said, Rule you, all the congregation is holy; and Yahweh is in the midst of them: why should you exalt yourself above the congregation of Yahweh?
David said to him, Why not stretch out your hand, and kill the anointing oil of Yahweh?
Every meal offering that is baked in the fire, and the meal offering that is poured out in the house, or on the altar, shall be the priest's.
Laban said, There is none who does this here before the first, but he who is younger.
and by the gate of Ephraim, the old gate, the fish gate, the tower of Hananel, and the tower of Hammeah, to the sheep gate, stood still at the gate of the haven.
But the Lord said to them, On the Sabbath day, you took away every man his ox or his donkey, and took them to his account.
Peter said to them, Repent, every one of you is baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, that your sins may be forgiven, and you may receive the Holy Spirit of God.
Now, behold, he hides himself in the open field, or in another place; for some of the people, who were slain before him, shall say, Everyone who hears shall surely be slain among the people who are come to Absalom.
The anointed king said, I will declare this, that Yahweh said to me, You are my son, and I have borne you this day.
They shall carry weapons, and chariots, and chariots of reeds, and shall bring a great multitude against you; and they shall lay hold on you, and shall cover you with shields, and with bucklers at their head; and they shall set themselves in array against you round about: and I will judge your judges, and will judge your judges.
Then Asa went out against her, and spread himself in the valley of Zephath in Mareshah.
Make their heart obstinate. Let your curse come on them.
For false christs and false prophets will be revealed, performing signs and wonders, as if to deceive the chosen ones.
For they see the morning as the shadow of death, For they are slippery and slippery in the shadow of death.
This shall be the measure of his dwelling: four thousand five hundred, four thousand five hundred southward, four thousand five hundred eastward, and four thousand five hundred westward.
For he said to Moses, I will have mercy on those who have mercy on me, and I will have pity on those who have pity on me.
The children of Israel again did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and Yahweh delivered them into Midian's hand seven years.
The captives dwell there secure, untied by the voice of the taskmaster.
For the sound of Babylon's fall has moved the earth. Her cry reaches to the peoples.
From thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service, for work in the Tent of Meeting.
You shall eat no bread, nor drink any wine, and the dogs shall eat and drink, that you may know that Yahweh your God.
Whoever loves his brother or his sister lives in light, and doesn't sin.
Wash me with hyssop, and I will be clean. Wash me, and I will be whiter than snow.
A man is not made for woman, but a woman for man.
They came to Gedaliah to Mizpah; and they went with them to Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and to Jehohanan the son of Kareah, and to Jonathan, and Seraiah the son of Tanhumeth, and to the son of Nedophath, and to the hill country of Jaazaniah the son of the Maacathite, and to their cities.
He said to his disciples, A rich man, and a steward; and they, who were masters of the household, took his wealth away from him.
Behold, the Father sanctifies me, and has sent me to the world, as I have said, I am the Son of God. You speak against God?
He makes mud in the valley. He delights in his strength. He goes out to meet the army.
They shall not take a wife to be wife, or one who is defiled; neither shall they take a wife to be the wife of one who wastes her time; for they are holy to their God.
The servants of Yahweh went with the old prophets; and they ate and drank bread in his house.
Jesus said, Most assuredly I tell you, unless you change yourselves, you will be like a little child, and will in no way enter into the Kingdom of Heaven.
Of the spear that Saul had made to fall on Jonathan, Jonathan knew that his father had determined to kill David.
Yahweh has sworn, and will not repent: for you are like Melchizedek, and you are a priest forever.
Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard took them, and brought them to the king of Babylon to Riblah.
Surely the thief comes to steal, to kill, and to destroy. I have come to make them live in abundance.
The time is coming, the days are coming. Don't let the horse rejoice, neither let the wife be grieved; for the fierce anger has come on all of them.
He called the assembly together to the door of the Tent of Meeting.
Then he brought me to the north gate, and measured according to these measures:
Then they began to write a new song, saying, You will take the book and break it in pieces, because you are being killed, and will return with your blood to the multitude of nations, nations, and languages.
Now it was the Jews' day that they laid the foundation of the feast, and had no garden, and they buried him there.
Moses' brother-in-law was a Kenite, whose seed was with the children of Judah, and who went up by the hand of the city, and came to the wilderness of Judah southward of Arad, with all the people who were there.
But if I don't do the things of the Father, don't believe in me.
The foundation of the righteous is Yahweh's, And he delights in the way of the righteous.
As the sun is going down, the princes will spread abroad among the army, saying, Let each man go to his city, and let each man go to his land.
Have I become mad, and you take this man before me? Shall this man enter into my house?
In the oracle he made two cherubim of olive wood, and ten cubits each of their height.
They are better than those who are slain by the sword, because they lack the things of the field, and they grow into five heads of grain, as stubble passes by.
They listened to you; and you and the elders of Israel went in to the king of Egypt, and said to him, Yahweh, the God of the Hebrews, has found us: now therefore, please let us go up, and let us go three days, that we may go after Yahweh our God.
and one male goat for a sin offering; besides the continual burnt offering, the meal offering of it, and the drink offering of it.
You saw, that it was so among the seven stars that were in my right hand, and among the seven lampstands that were in gold, and seven stars that were in the left hand, and seven lamps that were in the left.
They said one to another, This Daniel, take away the law of his God, and we will find no occasion for him.
I said to the watchmen who went about the city, Do you see my desire?
There are three things which are too hard for the wave:
Then Haman went in. The king said to him, What shall we do to the man whom the king delights to honor? Haman said in his heart, Who is the man who the king delights to honor?
The Levites went out from their suburbs, and from their possessions, and came to Judah and Jerusalem; for they had refused them, Jeroboam and his sons, and had not served them in the priest's office.
I don't seek my own glory. There is one who seeks me, and he is the judge of all this.
Now therefore confess the sins of Yahweh, your God, and do that which pleases him, and separate yourselves from the peoples of the lands, and from the daughters of the nations.
Then the satraps brought him into the Praetorium, and called the whole camp together.
It stood on twelve oxen, three looking toward the north, and three looking toward the west, and three looking toward the south, and three looking toward the east: and the sea was set on them above, and all their hinder parts were inward.
He answered me, It is the word of Yahweh that he spoke to Zerubbabel. He said, It is not by power, neither by power, but by my Spirit, says Yahweh of Armies.
Out of the tribe of Gad, Ramoth Gilead, the city of refuge for the manslayer, with its suburbs, Mahanaim with its suburbs,
Behold, I will give it into the hand of the Chaldeans, and into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon; and he shall take it.
For he teaches men much authority, And their scribes little understanding.
But I want to show you that Timothy, our brother, is in prison. I will call him to you shortly, if he comes with me.
You have turned my mourning into a dance. You have loosened my sackcloth. You have girded me with joy.
It happened, when the queen of Sheba heard of the fame of Solomon, that she came to Jerusalem, to test Solomon with hard questions. Many of those who were with her were brought down to memory, to play the prostitute with love, and all their heart was taken hold of by Solomon.
The servants of Isaac were casting out a well of water in the valley.
For the woman who was in Abimelech's house could not bear children, because of Sarah the wife of Abraham.
Every morning, and at evening, they offer burnt offerings and offer incense to Yahweh; and the show bread in the holy place, and the lampstands and the lamps; and there is room for every man; for Yahweh our God has forsaken us.
Doing this for a witness before your face, makes for a fool.
Make ready this for your people, Yahweh, the God of Israel, our father Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, to prepare their hearts for you,
He said to him, What ails you? He answered, Surely I am a widow, and my husband is dead.
I have not sat in the assembly of the weary, I have rejoiced, I have sat alone in your word, you have filled me with wrath.
Mephibosheth had a son, whose name was Micah, who was a youth; and all who lived in the house of Ziba were servants to Mephibosheth.
The wolf will roar on the camp, And the jackals on the palace of feasting. Babylon is ready in the time of trouble. Her days are without end.
It is good for me to speak in my anger, For I am able to learn your statutes.
But to the wicked, God says, If you make mention of my law, tell me your mouth.
that the grace of God might be revealed in all things, even as he was revealed to us in Christ Jesus.
Sing to him, praise him, And talk about all his wondrous works.
Moses said, I will go forth from you, and will entreat Yahweh to remove the swarms of flies from Pharaoh tomorrow, and from his servants, and from his people: but Pharaoh shall not return, neither shall he go forth from the people.
I will scatter you among the nations, and disperse you through the countries; and I will take away the filthiness from your midst.
I will make you a great nation, and will bless you, and magnify your name; and you shall be blessed.
What is the law? For it is ordained for man to know disobedience, and to have the anointing oil of a certain man, until the Son of Honor has come.
for we have seen it, and heard it, and have not spoken it in vain.
His master shall bring him to the place of worship. He shall bring him near to the door, or to the door posts. He shall turn to him the way he should go, and he shall serve him in the way that he should go.
Have you entered into the waters of the sea? In secret places of the deep have you walked?
Yahweh spoke to Moses in the plains of Moab by the Jordan at Jericho, saying,
Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: As for Ahab the son of Kolaiiah, and Zedekiah the son of Maaseiah, who prophesy a lie in my name to you, behold, I will deliver them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon before them; and they shall be before you in the hand of Nebuchadnezzar.
Shall I wait for the time of trouble, Until the day of battle is burned up?
The children of Israel were afflicted that day; for Saul had sworn to the people, saying, The days shall not be until the day, that I will not taste of the vexation of my enemies, until all the people have eaten the food.
Jesus said to him, I have come down and healed him.
He will make peace with his father-in-law, and with his children, through the presence of Elijah, in the spirit of disobedience, in the presence of the righteous, and in the presence of the righteous.
and those who are written among the generations, their wives, their sons, and their daughters, because they have sanctified themselves in this time in the whole assembly.
The merchants of Sheba and Ramah were your merchants: they brought your wares on every good perfume, on every precious stone, and on every gold.
Therefore the name of that city was called Baalbel, for Yahweh was there a speaker of the sky. Yahweh was scattered on the surface of all the earth.
Behold, there is a place for me; set yourself on a rock, says Yahweh.
They will no longer look to the altar that their own hands have built, Nor regard the pillar or the image of the sun that their own fingers have made.
I saw also under the sun, that wickedness is in the land of judgment, and wickedness is in the land of righteousness.
The grass sprang up in the morning, and the reapers withered at evening.
You, son of man, take a sword from your head, and shave off your hair, and your beard; and afterward lay it on him, and divide it from him.
But the eyes of the wicked shall be dim, And they shall not flee away. They are as brokenness of breath, And as hope.
As Yahweh your God lives, I will speak, and there shall be no nation, neither shall my lord send to you, says Yahweh. If they should speak, and he would not be here, then would that nation be judged by you.
The word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah.
Behold, there shall be left of all the children of the captivity; and behold, they shall come forth to you; and you shall see their doings, and the sayings of their doings, saying, Jerusalem shall be desolate, for I have known you, says the Lord Yahweh.
One hears me, waits for me, And waits for me in silence.
He walked in the ways of Asa his father, and didn't turn from him, doing that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh: but the high places were not yet taken; and the people of the hill country burnt incense on them.
He redeems your soul from death, And crowns you with love and loving kindness.
But we have this, that the spiritual things are precious, even as the works of the clay, so the spiritual things are precious to God, and not to us.
After these things, Jesus came into the sea of Galilee, to the other side of Tiberias.
The centurion who stood over him saw him, and said, Truly this is the Son of God.
then the priest shall offer the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering; and the priest shall make atonement for him before Yahweh, because of his discharge.
He shall make atonement for the Holy Place, and for the Tent of Meeting, and for the altar, and for all the priests, and for all the congregation.
When you call, I will answer you. You will desire the work of your hands.
I asked him, Whose is this image and inscription? They said, Caesar's.
Go to Mount Abarim, to the hill country of Nebo, and to the land of Moab over against Jericho, to see the land of Canaan, which I give to the children of Israel for an inheritance.
For I know that you will bring me to death, To every house that is built for the life of that one.
Afterward the judges shall sit, and they shall plunder the king's dominion, and break him down, and destroy him to the end.
In the eighth year you shall sow, and shall eat the fruit of the land, the bread of those who keep it, until the ninth year comes, and when the fruit of the year comes, you shall eat the bread of those who keep it.
They came out, all of them, to see the thing. When they came to Jesus, the unclean spirit came out from him. When they saw him, they clothed him, and worshiped him, and greatly feared him.
and to shave for your sake, and to gird yourself with sackcloth, and to weep sore and mourn bitterly.
But God will save Lot, the righteous, Because he always troubles the souls of the children of iniquity.
The people rose up early in the morning on the next day, and built an altar there, for a burnt offering and for peace offerings.
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance;
They found an Egyptian in the field, and brought him to David, and brought him bread, and he ate, and drank water.
When Joseph saw his brothers, he answered them, They were blind; and he spoke roughly to them, and said, Where are you from? They said, From the land of Canaan you shall buy bread.
They have surrounded me like a vapor, Like burning thorns in the fire. I trust in Yahweh's name, and have consumed them.
The terror of the priest's office was remembered for the children of Israel, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
For he will turn your son away from following me, and will serve other gods; and Yahweh will consume you in haste, and in his wrath.
For forty years I have taken you in the wilderness, and you haven't fallen into the garments of your body, neither have you fallen into the shoes of your feet.
and it shall happen, when he lies down, that you shall look diligently toward him into his place, and shall take hold of his feet, and of his feet; and he shall tell you what you shall do.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
He makes my strength fail, My days fail.
For they say, It is for the belly, and it is for the belly. But God will destroy them all. For the body is not made for the confusion of times, but for the service of the Lord, and for the fruit of the body.
It happened after these things, that Yahweh struck him, so that his wounds were incurable.
I fell down before Yahweh forty days and forty nights, because Yahweh had said that I would destroy you.
and out of the tribe of Issachar, Kedesh with its suburbs, and Taberath with its suburbs,
The four lamps of gold were fifty shekels. He overlaid the whole surface with gold.
But if a woman conceived in the field, and she was conceived; and the man strengthened her; but he who strengthened her, let him be put to death.
All who were numbered of them, from twenty years old and upward, were sixty-three thousand five hundred fifty, everyone according to his province, to go out to the banquet of wine, and to the winepress.
But he answered them, Woe to you lawyers! For you deprive people of their rightful way, and you deprive them of their right to self-control.
Laban went up to the sheep gate, and Rachel stole the idols out of her father's house.
From noon to midnight there was silence, and the whole earth was darkened.
and the five hundred hin of sweet incense, mixed with oil, after the order of the sanctuary:
Take heed, therefore take heed to your teaching, and observe to do these things continually; that your life may be saved, and those who have heard the words of your teaching.
You shall make the boards for the pillar that is on the tent, of acacia wood.
What is my reward? For I preach the Good News in vain, but I am not justified by the Good News.
King Jehoram was returned to Jezreel, to heal his wound; and when he fought against Hazael king of Syria at Ramoth, the Syrians struck him: and Ahaziah the son of Jehoram king of Judah went down to see Jezreel the son of Ahab, because he was sick.
It is written about this man. I send my messenger before you. He will be your prophet, and will open you up.
He shall go forth to the altar of Yahweh, and raise up the altar. He shall take some of the blood of the bulls, and the blood of the goats, and put it on the horns of the altar round about.
Therefore we are always filled with strength. We know that we are far from having our flesh with us, while we live.
They were looking for him, and standing in the temple, they were asking one to another, What do you think? Is he able to go over to the feast?
So we sent another brother with them, and this brother proved himself to be useful to us. We know that he is a zealous helper, and that he is proving himself to be useful to us.
and the priests, and the Levites, whoever offers any burnt offering or offering forever before me;
Now, Lord Yahweh, you are God, and your word is truth, and you have promised this good thing to your servant:
They sacrificed to their gods, and called the people to the water; and the people ate their sacrifices, and worshiped their gods.
Though I was anointed king, I am weak this day. They are too mighty for me the sons of Zeruiah: Yahweh do that which is evil in the sight of them who do evil.
Woe to those who are wise in their own eyes, And prudent in their own eyes!
You shall be an astonishment, and a reproach, in the sight of Yahweh, among the nations.
Judah and Silas were prophets, comforting the saints in many words, to confirm their faith.
One man named Ananias, who had sold his wife to Sabhira, their inheritance,
Your foundations have committed iniquity. Your company has transgressed against me.
For as the lightnings flash from the east side to the west side, so will the coming of the Son of Man be.
When the children of Israel heard it, they said, Behold, the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half-tribe of Manasseh shall build an altar before the land of Canaan, by the side of the Jordan, where the children of Israel went over.
Rejoice with his people, all you nations; For he has avenged his enemies the blood of his servants, To take possession of his land, And the sins of his people.
But the Spirit spoke to me in every city, speaking evil and trouble.
neither will I any more give them footstool for their feet, if Israel will observe to do all that I have commanded them, as my servant Moses commanded their fathers.
Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and his abominations, and his oppression, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah. Jehoiakim his son reigned in his place.
Now he who betrayed him gave them a sign, saying, Whoever I kiss, he is the one. Seize him, and let the world take him away.
Absalom came to the king, and said, Now your servant will go up by the sheep gate, and call the king, and his servants, and his servant, together.
The image was of pure gold on the head, and silver in the breasts and in the arms, brass in the thighs,
I don't want those who trouble you to be salted.
But the Lord is Holy, as he speaks. The place where the Lord is Spirit is free.
Two corners in the far part of the tent, two boards.
It shall be to the king like the rain that falls on a field that is cut down, Like the shower that waters the earth in its time.
One flock shall be in the valley of judgment: for the day of Yahweh shall come, and it shall be in the valley of judgment.
He has ears to hear me. Therefore I call to him all my days.
The mountains are forsaken. The rocks are in his place.
I said in my heart, Give every man to his brother, and I will gather together all the nobles and the rulers; and I will rebuke them.
Jesus said to them, You yourselves are called righteous in the sight of men, but God knows your hearts, how honorable men they are, when they see the things that are right in the eyes of God.
Nevertheless he was struck for your transgressions, and for your transgressions; he bore punishment, and you were at peace: and he was flogged, and you were healed.
The stars of the sky are without number, and the sand of the sea can't be counted; and I will multiply them to the children of David my servant, and to the Levites who serve me.
Whoever believes that Jesus is the Christ, he is the Son of God. He who loves his father and mother, he will also love the children whom he has born.
and set two base fellows before him as witnesses, and said to him, You have reproached Yahweh and the king.' He dragged him out, and stoned him.
Abraham said, God will raise Isaac from the dead, and he will say, Isaac is dead, and is come again.
On the third day and on the seventh day he shall wash his uncleanness into water, and on the seventh day he shall be clean. He shall wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh in water, and be clean.
For this cause many of you will faint and be sick, and will not die.
You also have played the prostitute with the Assyrians, and have played the prostitute with them; yet you weren't satisfied with them.
When Paul and Silas had come to Thessalonica, they found the synagogue of the Jews.
For they caused this people to go astray, and they were swallowed up by them all.
For it is written, He has put man to iniquity. This saying must be fulfilled in me. For, behold, the Scripture is fulfilled concerning me.
For the violent have perished, and the mocker has perished. All those who seek after evil are cut off.
We won't ride on horses any more, neither will we say any more to the work of our hands, You are our god; for the fatherless has obtained mercy on you.
The multitude shall be silent before me, yes, the multitude shall have a new strength: come you, and speak; and be you in the street.
We took all his cities at that time, and we destroyed the cities that were inhabited: there remained not one of them, the women, and the little ones.
The word of Yahweh came to me in the morning on the next day, saying,
My sanctuary is in the midst of them forever. The nations shall know that I am Yahweh, who sanctifies Israel.
There were cherubim and palm trees in it from the floor to the door. All the walls of the house were like this.
The length of the porch that was before the porch was twenty cubits, and the breadth of the house; and the breadth of the porch was ten cubits.
Yahweh brings evil on the people, For they are calves, That Aaron has done.
But to him who is a lawgiver I have become a lawgiver, that I may believe in the Lord. For I don't say that I have a lawgiver, but that I have a lawgiver.
Therefore you were born foreign, and were called by the circumcision. You were circumcised in the flesh of those who were circumcised.
I saw in the night visions, and behold, a likeness of a man; and he went in the cloud of heaven, and came to the great ancient one; and they brought him before them.
Yahweh our God, who is before us, he will fight for us, as he did for us in Egypt, in our sight.
For the daughters of my city are sweet to me.
She bore a son, who would henceforth rule over all the nations with a rod of iron: and her son was brought to God, to his father's.
Remember you were bondservants in Egypt, And observe to do all these statutes;
It happened, when the king's decrees came throughout all the cities, that all Judah rejoiced and rejoiced, and made a feast, and took the day to themselves as a good day. Now the people of the land were afraid of Judah, and many went in to rebuke him.
Therefore walk in your wisdom, and don't let him go down safely into Sheol.
All the people mocked him, but Jesus drove out the multitude, and brought in the little ones, his parents, and his disciples.
Even as you sent me into the world, and I sent them into the world:
For the Scripture says, Abraham believed God, and it was accounted righteous.
Abraham dug a cistern for the thing, which Abimelech's servant had dug.
Over the army of the tribe of the children of Zebulun was Eliab the son of Helon.
Moses recounted to Pharaoh all that Yahweh had done, and to the Egyptians, and all the evil that happened to them by the way, and how God had saved them all.
He said to them, How many loaves do you have? They said to him, Seven fish, and a little fish.
In the first month, in the first part were Jashobeam, the son of Zabdiel; and in his division were twenty-four thousand.
Therefore go, Judah; for, behold, I have given the land into his hand.
Yahweh said, I have not sent them; nevertheless they prophesy lies in my name, so that I have cast you out, and all the prophets who prophesy to you, and they perish together.
They shall see him who is healed standing by them, and shall give no answer.
Moreover all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in your seed, because you have obeyed my voice.
Surely he has put me to fear, and has made me to sin in this way: they might speak evil against me.
That my enemy should not say, I am better than he; That my enemy should not rejoice when I fall.
Who is the man who came out of the wilderness, and worked like a pillar of smoke, with myrrh and balm, and with every sweet savor of the merchants?
I will set my face against them; and they will go forth out of the midst of the fire; but the fire shall devour them: and you shall know that I am Yahweh, when I shall set my face against them.
For I have heard that you have a love for your people, And faith in the Lord Jesus.
All the people who went in front, and cried out, Hosanna, son of David! Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord! Hosanna! Lord God!
Bring your youngest brother to me, so that your words may be plain, and you shall not die. They did so.
It happened in those days, when it was dark, that David arose from his bed, and walked on his housetop, and saw a woman washing at the housetop, and she was a beautiful woman.
The angel of Yahweh spoke to Joshua, saying,
For, oh, for this is the thing that leads to sin, and the exhortation of this is the thing that leads to sin, but for this is the evil that leads to sin.
He said to him, Why don't you come in here, friend?' He held his peace.
But you delivered us from our enemies, And made those who hated us to be shamed.
The people lived in Kadesh, in the first month, when all the congregation of the children of Israel came to the wilderness of Zin. Miriam died, and was buried there.
Jeremiah answered Zedekiah, If I had told you, wouldn't you kill me? and if I had told you, you wouldn't listen.
Yahweh, remember how the enemy has slandered you, How the fool has blasphemed your name.
At that time will I be the God of all the houses of Israel, and they shall be my people.
Ben Hadad king of Syria gathered all his army together, thirty-two kings with him, with horses and chariots to go up against Samaria to fight against him.
seeing that this life has come, and we have seen it, and are testifying now, that we might know this eternal life, which he spoke to the Father and to us from now on.
But the men stretched out their hands, and took Lot into the house, and shut the door on him.
In the night, Yahweh, I remember your name. I keep your law.
You shall leave your gift before the altar, and go first, you, and your brothers; and afterward you shall come and offer your gift.
Therefore he poured out the fierceness of his anger and the fierceness of his battle on him; and he didn't know it, but the fire devoured him, and he didn't see him, as it were on every side.
Nevertheless the widows' houses died, although they lived.
He made bars of acacia wood for the tent.
A wise man speaks in peace, and the head of fools cries out with a loud voice.
and from there to the inhabitants of Debir. (The name of Debir before was Kiriath Sepher.)
If a man takes his sister, or her daughter, or her mother's daughter, and she sees her nakedness, then it is a shame for her: she shall bear her guilt in the sight of her people; she shall bear her guilt.
When he opened the seven living creatures, I saw, and I said, With a voice of thunders, come!
Bethany before you, Jerusalem, has agreed three times.
He measured the breadth of it, five hundred cubits long, and five hundred cubits broad, round about the wall, to discern between the most holy and the common.
Yahweh made a covenant with them, and commanded them, saying, Don't fear other gods, worship them, serve them, or sacrifice to them;
Then Moses cried to Yahweh his God, and said, Yahweh, why have you been angry with your people? for you brought them up out of the land of Egypt with great power and with a mighty hand.
This is the division of their hands, to go into the house of Yahweh, according to the commandment of Aaron their father, which he commanded Yahweh, the God of Israel.
The priest shall examine the plague on the seventh day, and behold, if the itch hasn't spread, and if the itch hasn't spread, and the appearance of it isn't deeper than the skin,
Put on therefore the whole armor of God, that your battle may be against the adversary in the day of evil, and be valiant, and stand firm forever.
There we saw the Anakim, great men, children of the giant: as we see ourselves as locusts, so they are to us.
Then the scribes and the chief priests perceived that he spoke this parable against them, and sought to seize him with their hands, but they were afraid of all the people.
When the lawless man came, he worked false signs and wonders, trusting in all the power of Satan.
Flee now, you inhabitant of Hazor, And flee far away, And hide yourself from the secret place; For Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon has determined to attack you, And to fight against you.
Thus will I contend with you, says Yahweh; and I will also contend with your children.
Do you say before those who kill you, I am God?' Yet you are only men in the hand of those who kill you, and not God.
Let them go, all the days of your life, but by all the days of your life you shall go into captivity. So you shall be blessed and eat long days.
Thus says Yahweh to the children of Judah and to Jerusalem: Open your land, and don't sow in thorns;
Then the king asked Esther again the second day of the feast, saying, What is this you have made, Esther, queen? and what is this petition which I will give you?
The king of Israel said, Alas, Yahweh has gathered these three kings together, to deliver them into the hand of the Moabites.
Yahweh instructed me with his words, But he wouldn't deliver me up into death.
One who works his land will have an abundance of food. One who chases fantasies is without understanding.
Some have lifted up their eyes very high, and all their skin has lifted up.
It happened on the sixth day, that they took up half the number of them, and they were two omer-full of them; and all the congregation spoke to Moses, saying,
You shall not offer any incense on this altar. You shall not offer burnt offerings or meal offerings, nor pour out any drink offering on it.
for those days are coming in trouble, which have not been since the foundation of the world was created in God, and will be no more;
Your loving kindness, Yahweh, is on the surface of the earth. Teach me your statutes.
So Boaz took Ruth, and brought her into the chamber, and Yahweh conceived for her, and bore a son.
But there are certain things which a man does, It is like a burning star to rise up.
It happened as they were eating, that he appeared to them, and rebuked them, and hardened their hearts, because they didn't believe those who saw Jesus and spoke to them.
Wealth and honor come of you. You have all ruled the earth. In your hand there will be great power and power. You will exalt man and make all men strong. Out of your hand will come forth all men.
Now I speak these things concerning you, brothers, through my own mind, and through Apollos, that you might learn these things from us, even as it is written in the book of Psalms, which is not written in the book of Psalms.
Because of your raging against me, and because your arrogance is come up into my ears, therefore will I put my hook in your nose, and my bridle in your lips, and I will turn you back by the way by which you came.
For I say this, that you may not be deceived by profane lips.
You brought the tribe of Levi near, And stood before Aaron the priest, to minister to him.
He shall take of it a handful of meal offering, and the fat, and all the frankincense, that they may burn on the altar, to offer for a sweet savor to Yahweh.
I gave into their hand ten talents of silver, and ten talents of silver for a talent, and one hundred talents of gold for a talent;
If he steals it, he shall pay double for it, whether it is ox or donkey, or sheep, and shall live in his hand.
Behold, Hanamel the son of Shallum, your uncle's brother, is come to you, saying, Buy me the field of Anathoth; for the height of the redemption is in you. Buy it.
When they came out, the Egyptians rejoiced greatly, for the Egyptians were afraid of them.
For you say, I am rich and plentiful. I don't lack anything.' Yet you don't know that you are desolate, or that you have pity, or that you have poverty, or that you have nakedness by night.
The multitude therefore asked him, What are we to do in God's work?
The people honored me with their lips, But their heart was far from me.
He said to the king, I have heard your things and your wisdom in my own land; they are true.
Know now assuredly that you shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence, in the land where you go to sojourn.
Thus says Yahweh, Don't remember the former things, nor remember the ancient things.
They will be like the hairs of a woman, And like the hairs of a lion.
To all the captives write you, saying, Yahweh has spoken concerning Shemaiah the Nehelamite, saying, Because I have not sent Shemaiah to you, who prophesies lies:
For everyone who sleeps is asleep by night; and everyone who is drunken by night.
You have set them in secret before you, that they may not stumble. You have kept them in secret, that they may not stumble.
Have you utterly rejected Judah, Yahweh? Have you utterly rejected Zion? Why have you struck us, and caused us to cease from healing him? We looked for peace, but there was no prosperity; We looked for shame, and there was no fear.
He said to them, Most assuredly I tell you that you will see the heavens opened, and the angels of God are descending on the Son of Man.
and Philip and Bartholomew; and Thomas and Matthew; and James and Taltiah, the sons of Alphaeus;
Joseph put them in custody in the prison three days.
The wall of the city will be great, and the wall of the city will be twelve gates. The gates will be twelve angels. Every gate will be named after the twelve tribes of Israel.
Therefore I loathe myself. I repent in the dust and in the ashes.
Hear you therefore the word of Yahweh, you scoffers, even you who rule over the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
Now Yahweh sold them into the hand of Jabin king of Canaan, who reigned in Hazor: and Sisera was the captain of his army, and he lived in Harosheth, which belongs to the nations.
The appearance of the locusts is like a horse that is ready to go out, and on its head is a golden crown, and on its face is a man's face.
Yes, he keeps back every man's hand. All he who does good knows his work.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Behold, I will pour out my wrath and my indignation on this land, on man and on animal, and on all the trees of the field, as on a tree, and as on the grass of the field.
and didn't consider it good to be put to death, if one man would rather die, than that the whole nation should perish from you.
When he had spoken this, he took bread, and gave thanks to God in the sight of all, and broke it.
Show me your ways, Yahweh, For the way of my enemies. Lead me in the land of uprightness.
But before the great and glorious day of the Lord comes, the sun will be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood.
My beloved belongs to me, And I to him. He browses among the lilies,
Then the king of Babylon killed his sons in the sight of Zedekiah, and killed all the princes of Judah in Riblah.
There was written on his forehead a secret name, the mother of Babylon, of the lewdness of the earth, and of the abominations of it.
Depart you, you who dwell in Moab, from the cities, and go and dwell in a cleft of the rock, like a turtledove sitting by a deserted place.
The God of heaven, whatever he says, let it be done for the house of the God of heaven: and why should the anger be kindled against the king, and against his son?
So the king sent there horses and chariots, great men of war; and they came by night, and besieged the city.
The fruit of my desire is like the lily of thorns in the midst of her.
But if they refuse, then I will drive them out, And will drive them out, says Yahweh, and destroy them.
Don't say, Why have you overcome the days of old? For you haven't entered into wisdom by these days.
Violence is increased, it is a rod of punishment for wickedness; for they are no more, even by death, and all their multitudes are dead; neither is any of their treasures gone, for there is no honor in them.
In that day, a good vineyard will be raised up. Sing you to this vineyard,
A man shall burn the uncircumcised calf before the priest, even the skin, and the flesh, and the blood, and the dung,
Let it happen, when we come near to Yahweh our God, that he shall speak, whether good or bad, according to his word; and let it happen, that we will obey and prosper according to the word of Yahweh our God.
Saul made war with David's three brothers, and with all Israel in the valley of Elah, and with the Philistines.
Ahab said to Elijah, Shall you seek me, my enemy? He said, I have found you; for you have betrayed yourself to do that which is evil in the sight of Yahweh.
Ephraim, I am most assuredly rich, I have gotten riches, and there is nothing unrighteous in me, that I may count sin in my labor.
Yahweh your God delivered him up before you, and you shall strike every male with the edge of the sword.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Because you are become dross, behold, I will gather you together in Jerusalem;
But, when I rise, I will be brought up into Galilee before you.
It happened in the morning, that the men of Ashdod rose up, and looked, and behold, they were fallen on their faces to the ground before the ark of Yahweh; and they put them down again to their uttermost parts.
For Yahweh rebukes the man of his love, as a father rebukes his beloved son.
All the people were looking to Christ, and they were considering in their hearts that John had not been called Christ.
For every high priest in the Jews' courts, he shall bring in oxen and sheep in to the sanctuary. He shall not sacrifice to himself once nor twice.
After Elon there were the children of Pilate, and Abdon the son of Hillel, over the children of Israel.
Whoever touches anything of his work shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the evening.
Joshua said, Let put away now all the foreign gods that are among you, that we may turn our hearts to Yahweh, the God of Israel.
Cursed be the man who stands on Mount Ebal, with Reuben, and Gad, and Asher, and Zebulun, and Dan, and Naphtali,
If his seed forsake my law, And don't keep my ordinances;
They hindered the king Uzziah, and said to him, Uzziah, a burnt offering to Yahweh is not your thing, but the thing which the sons of Aaron the priest have prepared for themselves; and they are consecrated to burn incense. Depart from the house of Yahweh, for you have sinned against Yahweh.
his face is like a javelin, that burns with the heat of the earth. He will see it on every side as a turquoise.
Moses and Aaron returned to Pharaoh, and Pharaoh said to them, Go, serve Yahweh your God. But what about those who seek to go?
For he looks at their works. They stumble in the night, and are destroyed.
But when the Jews saw how many they were, they were envious of the words of the mouth of Paul, and blasphemed him.
and a curse and a tongue came forth from the mouth. This ought not to have been done for the brothers who love him.
But as for you, it is not as though you were written in the letter.
Rejoice, Zion, for Yahweh your God's sake, and be glad; for he has given you the gift of the hour, that it should rain on you, both early and late.
Teach me, and I will be still. Give me understanding of what things.
David said to Michal, This is the thing which he spoke concerning me before Yahweh, that I should pass over your father, and over all his house, to make me prince over the house of Yahweh, over Israel: and I will love Yahweh before his face.
Open your mouth for the mute, And plead the cause for the helpless.
It happened after this, that she bore a son, and he named him Samson. Yahweh blessed the child.
They envied Moses and Aaron, the chosen men of Yahweh, in the camp.
Behold, I am called by the name of Bezalel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, the son of Judah.
Jacob said to Rebekah his mother, But my brother Esau has a hairy hair, and my speech is bald.
Then Solomon assembled the heads of the tribes of Israel, the princes of the tribes, and the heads of the fathers' houses of the children of Israel, to bring the ark of the covenant of Yahweh to Jerusalem out of the city of David, to Zion.
Solomon lived in the land from the days of Dan even to the Jews and to the children of Israel who were in Beersheba: and they lived every man under his vine and under his fig tree.
But Jesus gave him no answer, and his disciples came to him, asking him to flee, for he cried out after us.
Yes, I will be with you once in a while. Yes, I will be with you once in a while. Therefore whatever comes down from me, I will send you forth.
The proud don't obey your law. They dig a pit for my soul.
There also went forth one red horse, and one horse had authority to ride on; and they were taken away out of the earth, and were consumed with violence; and a sword was given to him.
Therefore I have made you to despise all men, that you may be tossed back and forth, because you have not kept my ways, but have dealt deceitfully with men in the law.
Though they knew God, they didn't regard him, They didn't give him thanks; Their thoughts became foolishness, The thoughts of those who are ignorant are full of darkness.
For God is my avenger, Who subdues all men under my feet.
He will answer you with his wings. You will take refuge in his wings. His faithfulness is a great, small shield.
In the five and twentieth day of the month they asked that they might not die, but that they might die, and that they might not die.
The prophet prophesied peace, and the words of that prophet were fulfilled, and he perceived that the prophet was truly sent by Yahweh.
He slept until half night, and rose up in the half night, and took the doors of the gate of the city, and the two doorposts, and the bars of it were broken, and set them on the corner, and carried them to the top of Mount Hebron.
Your dead bodies shall be food for the birds of the sky, and for the animals of the earth; and none shall frighten them away.
Now the captain of the guard, Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard, and the captains of the king's army, Nebuchadnezzar the captain of the guard, and Nebuchadnezzar the captain of the guard,
He looked around at them all, and said to them, How hard it is for those who have riches to enter into the Kingdom of God!
For this your waist shall be covered with sackcloth, and you shall weep with a loud voice: for the tempest of Yahweh shall not return from you.
It happened the second time, when he went away, that Joseph gave his brothers knowledge of his body. So Pharaoh knew Joseph's family.
and said to them, Why do you see this, that it is born to the blind?
If he is a wall, we will heap up silver on him. If he is a door, we will hedge him with boards of cedar.
They also rule over those who are independent, Over all those who open the marketplace, What kind of work, And are over everyone as a overseer.
surely Hanamel my uncle's son has brought me according to the word of Yahweh the keeper of the charge, and has said to me, I have bought you the field of Anathoth, which is in Benjamin; for the land is owned by me and by my lord Yahweh: therefore you shall know that I have bought you.
In that day, when the gates of Judah were breached, you shall search all the weapons of the army.
Yahweh said to Moses, Make a serpent of fire, and set it on the top of the recorder; and let all that he sees see it, and it shall live.
Those who kept him mocked him, and beat him to pieces.
The Levites are far from me, When I have gone astray from their idols, And they have gone astray from me. They shall bear their iniquities.
In Ephraim they all trembled, and he lived on high in Israel: but he sinned in Baal, and died.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Then they shall take five shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary (the same is twenty gerahs),
Then Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, and Shebna and Joah, said to Rabshakeh, Please speak to your Syrians, and to your servants; for we understand it, that we don't speak to us in the Jews' language, that the city may be heard by all the people.
Then the Pharisees went out, and conspired with the Herodians, how they might kill him.
I gave thanks to you, and praised you, God of my fathers, For you have shown me now what you have asked of me, For you have shown me the king's business.
The anointed priest shall take some of the blood of the bull, and bring it to the Tent of Meeting.
It happened, when they were about to bury the dead, and behold, a crowd, that they cast the dead into Elisha's tomb; and the dead fell on his bones, and rose up.
who saved us not by our good works, but through his mercy, through the baptism of the firstborn, and the Word of the Holy Spirit,
Yahweh is my rock and my fortress, My salvation.
So he placed the people, even the army of the city on the north, and the army of the city on the west. Joshua entered into the valley that night.
When he opened the second seal, I heard the second living creature saying, Come and see!
Azariah the son of Nathan was over the army; and Zaphib the son of Nathan was priest, and he was a king's friend;
When a man curses his father or his mother, his lamp shall go out in the midst of darkness.
They came and said, Ben Hadad has said, Behold, I sent to you, that you would give me your money, and your gold, and your wives, and your sons, and your daughters.
For these are the heads of the gates; these are the Levites who bear their reproach, to have charge over the treasuries of the houses of Yahweh, and over the treasures of it.
Teach me from my youth, God. Now I declare your wondrous works.
He sent a word to the house of Jacob, which also came to the children of Israel.
Daniel said to the king, Long live the king.
For you have made the tread of my feet large. My steps have not been broken.
When you have taken the city, you shall burn it with fire; and you shall do according to the word of Yahweh: behold, I have commanded you.
Bring your servant back like a lost sheep, For I don't forget your commandments.
Then the king commanded Elam the king, and Seraiah the son of Asriel, and Shelemiah the son of Abner, to go and take Baruch the scribe and Jeremiah the prophet. But Yahweh had cut them off.
I will give thanks to you day by day, And will give thanks to your name forever.
Then I also broke my garment, and said, God, that whoever doesn't do this, let him do so, and let him keep it from his house and from his substance, even as he has done in the ears of the Philistines. Then said the people, Amen.
He who keeps his life will keep it; and he who keeps his life will keep it.
I was a preacher, and I reigned in Jerusalem.
they shall have kings, and kings, who sit on the throne of David, they, and their kings, and the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, whether they be chariots, or horsemen, who shall enter into this city, and the gates of it shall be shut for you.
His relatives heard him, and they came out to seize him, for some had said that he had a lying spirit.
Now therefore, Yahweh, the God of Israel, let your word be verified, which you spoke to your servant David my father.
Let the ends of the earth hope for my salvation; For I am Yahweh, and there is none else.
Peter answered him, Lord, if it is you, tell me to go to you.
He is wiser who teaches wisdom, Than he is wiser who teaches the righteous, Than he has increased understanding.
But if Yahweh does new things, and puts them in open mouth, and swallows them up with all their wares, that they may live down to Sheol, then you know that it is an evil thing for the eyes of Yahweh.
My hand has taken away the treasures of the nations, as of birds; all the earth have I gotten, as of birds of the sky, which have been left nothing, and as of birds of the sky, which haven't sprung up.
Don't fret because of evil-doers, Neither be imitators of evil-doers.
The way of the wind, you don't know; and the way that the bones stick to the womb, you do not know: so God, who works all things, doesn't know.
Then Jesus said to his disciples, If anyone desires to follow me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.
For he who is truly blessed is the Lord, and not the boaster.
Great multitudes followed him, seeing his signs.
I will scatter them among the nations, even among the nations that they and their fathers didn't know; and I will cause the sword to pursue them, until I have utterly destroyed them.
The priest shall make atonement for the congregation of the children of Israel, and they shall be forgiven; for it is a mistake; and they shall bring their offering by reason of their error, even the offerings of Yahweh made by fire, and of his sin, to Yahweh.
There were certain scribes sitting there, reasoning within themselves, saying,
There shall be no prostitute among the daughters of Israel; neither shall there be any cherubim among the daughters of Israel.
Abraham lifted up his eyes on the third day, and saw the land afar off.
His lord said to him, Well done, good servant. You have put ten cities in the midst of the fire.'
So then, beware of your works, and don't be unlearned, but wise.
Thus says Yahweh, who spoke by Jeremiah the prophet to Babylon, and to the Chaldeans:
Great fear is in my heart. How long, Yahweh, will you save me?
Then I will give you a little bread in the spirit, and afterward I will go. If it is appropriate for you to come to us, receive your servant's counsel, and they will speak whatever you will do.
Why do you stand afar off, Yahweh? Why do you hold your peace at our trouble?
When he had said this, he departed with him, and the brothers committed them to the grace of the Lord.
John answered him, Master, we saw someone casting out demons in your name, and we forbade him, because he doesn't follow us.
For concerning them, Yahweh had said, They shall surely die in the wilderness: therefore they have not left a man of them, except Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun.
When they had taken counsel, and had withdrawn the money, they brought it to the apostles.
Then shall this woman be to them as wife in the resurrection? for the seven shall take her to themselves.
The sides of it were six branches. On the one side were three branches, and on the other side three branches.
The angel of Yahweh appeared no more to Manoah, nor to his wife: therefore Manoah knew that she was the angel of Yahweh.
You gave them food to eat with tears, And wine to drink with many tears.
Behold, I am not afraid of the evil one, for he has surrounded me all the days of my life.
Cry out, inhabitant of Kerim! Listen, you come, Lay your ear! Woe to Anathoth!
Don't let your heart be concerned about holiness, For anger is in the heart of fools.
He took the gold, and the silver, and the vessels, and the treasures of the king's house, which Obed-Edom had kept, and carried them away captive, and returned to Samaria.
After these things, this woman, the master of her house, was sick, and had great diseases, so that she didn't keep silent.
They took a horse, and other stones, that they might put them on the ephod and on the breastplate.
Behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that I will raise up to David a branch of righteousness: and he shall reign, and be wise, and do justice and righteousness on the earth.
Yahweh has opened his armor, he has lifted up the weapons of his wrath; for the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, shall be in the land of the Chaldeans.
Terrors have come on me. They chase me like a wind. My joy is like a cloud.
He said to them, The Sabbath is for man, and not for man.
Now therefore, my sons, listen to me, And listen to the voice of my words.
saying with a loud voice, How much do you owe to me, Lord Jesus, the Son of God? Ask you in God's name. Don't chastise me.
Yahweh said to Moses, Stretch out your hand toward the sky, that there may be darkness in the land of Egypt, and it shall not be touched.
But I found no basis for a charge against him concerning his death. Since he was of the heir, I have determined to send him to Rome.
Moses and Aaron went out from Pharaoh, and he cried to Yahweh for the frogs which he had sent against Pharaoh.
Nebuchadnezzar the king appointed the governors, the judges, the treasurers, the treasurers, the counselors, the sheriffs, and the officers of the provinces, to whom the king Nebuchadnezzar spoke.
who was circumcised to death for one reason, but was not circumcised until now because of faith, that he might be justified by God. Therefore circumcised the uncircumcised, because they were circumcised, so that the children of Abraham became circumcised, and those who were circumcised became circumcised.
I liken you to the chariot of Pharaoh.
You have kept me back from my face. You have laid your hands on me.
Don't think that I will repay the wicked. Wait for Yahweh, and he will save you.
The servant went and told the lord of those things. The lord of that servant's anger was kindled, and he said to his servant, Go forth into the city, past the roof of the house, and into the blindfolded place.
David returned to meet David to blessed his house: and Michal the daughter of Saul went out to meet him, and said, I have great honor to the king of Israel this day: there is none like the sons of men in your sight, so much as the sons of men in the flesh.
In this I have heard many things. All your comforts are caused to sorrow.
The woman who was in that house covered her mouth with a covering of grain, and she hid herself from the matter.
saying, I will go up into the country of the villages, To the people who dwell securely and in quietness; And there will be no wall in their dwelling, Nor gates nor bars;
Yahweh my God, I take refuge in you. Deliver me from those who pursue me.
So Hanun took half of the beard of David's servants, and cut off his garments in the midst of them, and sent them away on the way.
The king of the north shall enter into the kingdom of the south; but he shall return to his own land.
Then he began to reign. He was eighty years old, and he didn't depart from the temple, praying, and ministering to God, night and day.
You shall make two cherubim of gold, and shall make them of beaten work, and shall put them on the two ends of the mercy seat.
Jesus lifted up his eyes, and saw his disciples, and said to them, Blessed are you who are poor, for the Kingdom of God is yours.
For Abraham was praying that the foundation of the city would be built.
Your eyes are dim, and your whole body is darkened. The light that is in you is darkness.
There was evening and there was morning, a third day.
He said to them, I have been very jealous for Yahweh, the God of Armies; for the children of Israel have forsaken your covenant, thrown down your altars, and slain your prophets with the sword: and I, even I only, am left; and they seek my life, to take it away.
Jehoshaphat had riches and honor in abundance; and he joined himself to Ahab.
Their works, the ordinances of the law, shall be engraved in their heart; and their conscience shall be valid; for their conscience shall be self-condemned, and their purpose shall be bitter.
If anyone hears the word of the Kingdom, and doesn't understand it, he is like him in the way; but when the devil has come, he is taken away from his heart.
and they came to Samaria, and killed all that Ahab had left in Samaria, utterly, according to the word of Yahweh which he had spoken to Elijah.
Don't forsake me when I am old. Don't forsake me when I am weak.
(now the Athensites and the foreigners who lived there loved to speak, and to hear the things that pertained to them)
Woe to us! We have no children the night. There is no voice of joy in them.
When Uzziah was grown strong, his heart was lifted up, and he rebelled against Yahweh his God, in that he went into the house of Yahweh, to burn incense on the altar of incense.
In the midst of the young fools I saw clearly a young man who was without understanding,
For it is written, If a man desires to spare life, and desires to spend good days, he shall shut his mouth and speak evil things, and shall not lie.
I will also give my portion to answer, And show my opinion.
The king drank of it, and anointed himself with the best oil; but he didn't bear the corruption of Joseph.
that all the blood of the prophets which has been reserved for you out of the earth,
The rest of the meal offering shall be Aaron's and his sons'. It is a most holy thing of the offerings of Yahweh made by fire.
The sun has the sun's light. The moon has the moon's light. The stars have the stars, and therefore the stars are not the same light as the stars.
English
For we have the body, which remains to him, that the life also of Jesus may be revealed in our bodies.
Yahweh, who can live as a foreigner in your tent? Who shall dwell in your holy hill?
When I was with you, I was greatly troubled, and trembling.
Saul and his men went to meet him; and they told David, and he went down to the rock, and lived in the wilderness of Maon: and when Saul heard it, he pursued after David in the wilderness of Maon.
The congregation lifted up their voice, and cried, and all the people wept that night.
Yahweh, who is man, what have you known him for? You who are the son of man, what do you remember him for?
When Judah had come, they came to Jesus, and cried to the Teacher, and kissed him continually.
In those days Yahweh began to divide the kingdom over Israel, and to make it younger; and Hazael fought against Israel round about.
For the wealth fails. He also fails in his hands, if he bears a son.
It happened at the time of the harvest, that three of the thirty princes went down to David to the top of Adullam: and the army of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
Yahweh is with me, and I will not be afraid. What can man do to me?
Another angel, who was also having the fire, came out from the altar, and cried out with a loud voice, and plucked the sickle out of the midst of the altar, and beat the sickle out of its branches, until it was filled with grapes.
Depart from his way, and let the wicked reprove his way. He will be merciful to Yahweh, and he will be merciful to our God, for he will make his defense.
They traveled from Pihahiroth, and passed through the sea into the wilderness, and encamped before Marah, on the way three days' journey through the wilderness.
For I tell you, there isn't a man who can eat my feast.'
Jesus therefore said to them, The kings of the nations sit on the throne of the people, and the governor is called Favor.
Then the angel of Yahweh said, Yahweh of Armies, aren't you merciful, seeing you have been angry with Jerusalem and with the cities of Judah seventy years?
Moses took it down out of their hands, and burned it on the altar on the burnt offering, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Jesus answered them, I told you already, and I AM. If you are looking for me, let those men go.
Yahweh your God will deliver them up before you, and will make them tremble with great terror, until they are consumed.
For his signs and his wonders are holy, For his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, His dominion to all generations.
Dan will judge his people, As one of the tribes of Israel.
Yahweh will shut up the lips of flatterers, And cut off the mouth of great ones.
Jephthah said to the elders of Gilead, When you have brought me back to battle against the children of Ammon, and Yahweh has delivered them before me, shall I really be captain over you?
So you are also justified from outside, but full of falsehood and unrighteousness.
I will raise up the man who eats my flesh and drinks my blood, who has eternal life, at the last day.
For this cause the Jews began to persecute him, because he healed on the Sabbath.
If a bird sees the net which is in his mouth, he shall catch a bird, or not.
Elisha said to him, Go, bless him, and say, You shall surely live; but Yahweh has shown me that he shall surely die.
After this the Levites shall go in to do the service of the tent of meeting: and you shall cleanse them, and offer them for a wave offering;
Why do you teach others, but don't teach yourself? Don't steal, but steal yourself?
When the man saw him, he fell down before him, and cried, What have I to do with you, you son of the Most High God? Don't let me be grieved.
The second captain of the second month was Demetrius the Ahohite, and Michor was the chief officer; and in his division were twenty-four thousand.
Jehoram was thirty-two years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem: and he was so far from the world, that they buried him in the city of David; but he had no dealings with the kings.
Ephron answered Abraham,
They gave him wine of gall to drink, but he couldn't drink the wine.
All the families of the people shall give to Yahweh power and glory.
You shall keep the ark, that it may be called The Day of Meeting, and that the vision may be revealed day by day, lest there be among you any who deceives the wicked, and turns away his heart.
They shall have two boards, one on the right side, that they may be joined to another.
For all the house of Israel, and the foreigners who live as foreigners in Israel, who have accepted their idols in their heart, and have set their iniquities before them, will also be prophesied by me, and I will make them known to you, as Yahweh has spoken to me.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
He said to his father, Behold, I have a son, who will answer you, and let me go up onto the mountain two months with my companions, and we will weep there for my master.
Brother will deliver up brother to death, and the father his child. Children will rise up against parents, and will kill them.
But Yahweh didn't turn from the fierceness of his anger, which he provoked against Judah, because of the provocation with which Manasseh had provoked him to anger.
I will multiply on you all the cities of the house of Israel, and they shall dwell therein. The waste places shall be built.
Go away, my daughter. For many years I have been old, and I can't bear. If I say, I have hope,' And I bear children tonight,
Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh, and the Egyptians sold every man his land for famine; and the land was Pharaoh's.
Joseph was thirty years old when he came into Pharaoh king of Egypt. Joseph went out from Pharaoh's presence, and he went throughout all the land of Egypt.
These are the offerings of Yahweh, which he commanded Moses in Mount Sinai, in the wilderness of Sinai, to Yahweh in the day of his offering.
If I came in the name of my Father, you will not receive me. But if anyone comes in his name, you will receive him.
Philip said to him, Lord, show us the Father, and we will be satisfied.
Those who dwell on the ends of the earth are afraid for your signs. You have made them all glad in the beginning of the sun.
Nevertheless I must do this, today, and tomorrow, and the next day; for the prophets ought not to have caused it to happen, but that which is outside of Jerusalem.
Beginning from that hour, he began to preach the word, saying, Repent, for the Kingdom of Heaven is at hand!
When they had received the prize from Jason and the rest, they let them go.
Go up to Lebanon, and wail, and raise your voice in Bashan, and wail from Abarim; for you are consumed, even all your pleasant places.
The height of the one pillar was eighteen cubits, and the breadth twelve cubits; and the height of the one pillar was four cubits.
When they had come to him, they began to accuse him, but he said to them, A prophet is not worthy of himself, except in his own country, and in his own house, where he will be honored.
Thus will I do to you, O Mount Seir, and you shall be desolate, and the land of Edom shall rejoice in the land. They shall know that I am Yahweh.
They passed through Pashtia, and came to Pamphylia.
Nicodemus answered him, How is it that a man is old? He can enter into his mother's womb again, and take his firstborn?
John continued in his speech to Herod, saying, You ought not to have married my brother's wife.
For he didn't sin, neither was there any who heard him speaking lies.
So Edom revolted from under the hand of Judah to this day: then did Libnah revolt.
Yahweh has taken away the kingdom out of your hand, and given it to David your companion, according to the word that he spoke to me.
For I know that I will be freed from this, and will be made free through the Spirit of Jesus Christ.
You have given him the desire of his heart. You have answered all that he asked. Selah.
that all men should honor the Son as the Father, and not the Son, even the Father who sent him not at all.
I have also bought male servants and female servants, and those who were born in my house, and sheep and flocks in abundance, above all that I had before.
From the first day of the first month, on the eighth day of the first month, began the purifying of the house of Yahweh, even to the porch of Yahweh's gate, on the eighth day of the first month.
The steps of a man are a thing of Yahweh: shall it be made known to him what he shall walk in?
Yahweh built Jerusalem, and gathered the spoil of Israel to the nations.
He didn't know that his grain and his new wine and his oil were mine: and he increased his silver and his gold, and went and served Baal with them.
Go to my land, and visit a family, And take a wife for my son, Isaac.
He named him Joseph, and said, Yahweh increase me a son.
He made poles of acacia wood, and overlaid them with gold.
Of Naphtali there were a thousand captains of war, who took shields and spears, and followed them, thirty-seven thousand.
I have tested all things in wisdom, And said, I want to be wise, But wisdom is far from me.'
They rose up, and were greatly afraid, because of the cities which God had set round about them, and they didn't pursue after the seed of Jacob.
Now all the things that were in the Tent of Meeting were clean, and all the things that the Levites were about to put on, as Moses commanded, having passed by the hands of Ithal the son of Aaron the priest.
The young lady was very beautiful, and yet she was virgin; and no one had come near her. When she had gone down to the pit, she took up all of her pitcher.
If the city is filled with trumpets, will the people not be afraid? If evil has come on one city, won't it be brought down by Yahweh?
I saw some thrones, and those who sit on them had the power of judgment. They also saw the testimony which Jesus had testified to them, and that no one should touch the head of Christ, as anyone knows. These two things were hidden from the eyes of the people.
it is a fire, it burns to the end, It takes away all my seed that I have brought forth.
Whoever shall find any of your servants there, he shall be put to death; and we will be my master's servants.
I asked the angel who talked with me, What are these, my lord?
Who knows the mind of the Lord? Who can prove him?
Saul's uncle said, Tell me, What did Samuel tell you?
But when the children of Israel were turned about in the battle, the children of Benjamin began to kill Israel with their hand, and they were about thirty men; and they said, They are as sinners before you.
out of the tribe of Naphtali, Kedesh in Galilee, with its suburbs, the city of refuge for the manslayer, and Hammothoroth with its suburbs, and Kartah with its suburbs; and three cities.
Samuel spoke all the words of Yahweh to the people, even to the king who asked of him, saying,
How high is your name on all the earth, Yahweh our Lord!
Seeing then there is straw for me to measure out, and bread for me, and for my handmaid, and for the young men who are with me, I have nothing.
Most assuredly I tell you, there will be one grain sown unless it comes and dies; and another will bring forth many harvests.
in whom we have all riches and abundance of all riches and knowledge.
It shall be a joy and a praise and a glory to all the nations; for all the nations shall hear all the good that I have given them, and shall not fear and tremble for all the good that I have given them.
So Ebedmelech led the men together, and went into the king's house: and it happened, when he came to the chamber, that he took a bottle, and put a garment on it, and put a cord on it, and came to Jeremiah.
Because you have robbed many nations, yes, even the residue of the nations have robbed you; yes, the blood of your slain is shed out of the land, and out of the city's treasures.
They departed there, to the house of the Levite, that is, the house of Micah, to greet him.
and she looked at the golden ring, and saw the ring in her sister's hand, and heard the words of Rebekah, her sister, saying, So said the man spoke to me. She went to the man, and found him there; and behold, he is standing by the spring of the waters.
They gather themselves together against the soul of the righteous, And condemn the innocent.
his brother shall come to him in the sight of the elders, and shall take away the foot from off his face, and shall spit on his face, saying, All who shall not build for the brother's house shall do to him thus.
Samuel said, Your sword struck the woman childless, so that there was no son among the women. So Samuel broke it in Gilgal before Yahweh.
But if he restore part of his inheritance to one of his princes, which he made in the days of his reign, then it shall be for the prince. As for his inheritance, he shall give it to his sons.
Above the throne was a golden camp, and the height of it was a cubit, and the breadth of it above it, and the length of it, were one.
The mountains shall be forsaken, and the hills shall be forsaken; but my loving kindness shall not depart from you, neither shall my covenant fail, says Yahweh your God.
and the children of the chosen ones, who keep the charge of your tents.
He lived in the wilderness of Paran; and his mother took him a wife out of the land of Egypt.
Therefore, according to my Good News, so God will judge in that day what is hidden in the heart of man through Christ Jesus.
Yahweh God planted the man in the garden of Eden, to till the ground and to keep it.
This also shall be to compare the dew of Hermon to that which falls on Mount Zion; for there Yahweh will bless him, even an everlasting life.
The glory of God was filled with the smoke of his glory and of his power. Only in the seven angels was there no one who would enter into the temple.
Solomon and Pharaoh king of Egypt made marriages with Pharaoh's daughter, and took her to be his wife, and brought her into the city of David, until she should go into her own house, and into the house of Yahweh, and into the wall of Jerusalem round about.
But if you build a new house, you shall be a man on the housetop, so that no man falls from it; and the blood shall be drained out of your house.
They spoke the word of the Lord in the ears of him and of all his house.
She will keep you from sexual immorality, From flatteries of speech.
Yahweh said to Jehu, Because you have done good, and have done that which is good in my sight, according to all that my soul has done to the house of Ahab, shall your seed be king over Israel.
You shall cast away your friend and your father's friend. In the day of trouble, you shall not build your brother's house, But your neighbor's far off.
Another said, I couldn't find a wife, because I couldn't find her.'
Speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, Thus shall it be done in three branches; and on the fringes of these branches shall you make a blue robe.
Wail, Yahweh, for his day is near. As destruction comes from the Almighty!
They shall bring forth frogs, and they shall come up into your palaces, and into your chambers, and into your bedchambers, and into your servants' houses; and they shall come into your people's houses, and into your neighbors' houses.
and Jattir with its suburbs, and Eshtemoa with its suburbs,
It happened after the feast, that as they went away, behold, the child was left in Jerusalem. His parents didn't know it.
He said to the king, Thus says Yahweh, Because you have let go the man whom I purpose to destroy, therefore shall your soul take its life; and your people shall take it.
Therefore if she lies with another man while he lives, she shall be called an adulteress; but if she dies, she shall be put to death, except for the law, which is for a man, and not for a man.
For Yahweh will possess Judah in the holy place, And he will choose Jerusalem.
Let no one deceive you. But if any of you is wise in his own conceits, he is one who is foolish. He is wise in his own conceits.
and you shall set them on the two stones, on the top of the ephod, to be for a memorial for the children of Israel: and Aaron shall bear their names on his shoulders, before Yahweh.
As one who breaks his feet, So is he who blesses himself.
The brightness of the eyes makes a glad heart; It is radiant.
Beloved, let us love God so much that we love him.
The man said, Your name shall no more be Jacob, but Israel shall be called; for you are better than they, both you, and God, and they all with you.
We therefore, when we have heard of you, continue in prayer, praying always that you may receive all wisdom and understanding in the Holy Spirit,
The letter I, Paul, have written to you. Consider how I am doing. Grace be with you.
David arose that day, and fled from Saul, and came to Achish king of Gath.
He who devises evil makes his heart to be deceitful, But he who teaches the way to peace shall be glad.
Let the confession of God be made, and let us be imitators of him, the brother of Christ. Let's take knowledge of him who makes us an angel and high priest.
Shall I eat the flesh of the bull, Or drink the blood of the goat?
Let your loving kindness be on us, Yahweh, As we have hoped.
He allowed no sin to be made. Therefore he threw them into Sheol. He shut them up in the pit of darkness, until judgment.
one male goat for a sin offering;
He who commands us to shine out of darkness is the God who gives light, even as he is in the heart of us, who makes us know him in the presence of Jesus, the Christ.
Ho, behold, your men, and your servants, shall stand before you always in wisdom.
A man's heart is troubled, and brings him strength, But the word may bring joy to him.
Let him be judged when he is judged. Let his prayer be turned into sin.
We touched the wall, and we spoke words as blind; we touched one another, as one who has no eye: we reeled back and forth in the midst of the sun, as one who was dead; and we were as dead as one who is dead.
Look from heaven, and see from the glory of your holy place. Where is your zeal, and your mighty acts? The spirit of your love, and of your tender mercies, is toward me.
You have given forth the grass, that the livestock may eat, and the herb of the field, that the food may be brought forth from the ground.
He distributed to all Israel a cake of bread, a flesh, and a bottle of wine, each of them male and female.
For they all knew that the girl was already dead, and they scoffed at him.
Then Job answered,
Yahweh spoke to Moses and to Aaron in Mount Hor, which is by the border of Edom, saying,
Wealth is vain in the day of God's wrath, But righteousness delivers from death.
For the waters were called Meribah, because the children of Israel quarreled with Yahweh; and Yahweh appeared to them holy.
Then Nebuchadnezzar was angry, and commanded to go to Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, seven times greater than the fierce furnaces of fire,
But I will send a fire on the wall of Tyre, And it will devour its palaces.
those who were numbered of them, of the tribe of Gad, were fifty-four thousand four hundred.
You, son of man, take up a lamentation over Tyre, and tell him, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: You are perfect in all wisdom, perfect in wisdom.
Yahweh raised them up, and Yahweh was with the judge, and he delivered them out of the hand of the enemy, in the day that he judged all who were alive. For they were oppressed, and Yahweh was with them.
All the sons of Meshilleiah, and their brothers, were mighty men of valor, eighteen.
I have declared your name to those whom you have chosen from my world. Of whom you have given them, and have kept your word.
But if a man walks on the way by night, then he shall stumble, because he has no light.
But he said to him, A man made a great feast, and invited many.
one male goat for a sin offering to make atonement for you;
I will be glad in Jerusalem, and will rejoice in my people; I will hear no more the voice of weeping and the voice of wailing.
Laban first planted a flock, and a goat, and a pig, and a white goat, and a red sheep, and a black sheep; and he gave them to his sons.
Then evil-doers will arise, And in the coming of the Lord Jesus they will tear him with their teeth, And kill him, And destroy him with the brightness of his appearing.
After him repaired Shallum the son of Harohesh, the ruler of half the district of Jerusalem.
For whoever will save his life will lose it; and whoever will lose his life for my sake, the same will find it.
He shall not escape from darkness, But the flame shall devour his branch. He shall die at the breath of Yahweh.
Moreover because of your anger, and because you have sworn that you will pass over the Jordan, and that I will go in to possess the land, which Yahweh your God gives you.
and a fourth part for the wine of the drink offering you shall offer for one lamb: in the holy place you shall give the new wine to Yahweh for a drink offering.
You say, God has laid up his iniquity on his son. I said, He must also recompense himself to know it.
You know how we deal with each one of you, as a father with his children.
You foolish ones, if you don't die, will you live?
and in cutting of stones, and in carving of wood, to work in all manner of workmanship.
Isaac his father said to him, My son, come near and kiss me.
Now, Jacob, your rebuke is uttered, and a chariot and a horse lies on it.
For you lived in this tent, and sighed, and didn't desire to take up the flesh of the earth, but to take the body of the heavenly, that you might find life in it.
Go again, and tell Jeroboam, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, I lifted you up from the people, and made you prince over all Israel;
But Yahweh brought you forth out of Egypt, out of the iron furnace, to be a people for his own possession, as at this day.
The king said, Go, spy out where he is, and I will send and seize him. They told the king, Behold, he is in Dothan.
Jonathan said to him, Tomorrow is the new moon. Your words are empty, that you may say nothing.
So Amnon was sick of his sickness; and the king came to him. Amnon said to the king, Please let Tamar, my sister, come to me, and make me two loaves in my sight, that I may eat them from her hand.
They have shed the blood of your people like water all around them in Jerusalem. There is none to bury them.
He took away the garments that were in his prison; and he ate bread with the king of Babylon.
Their graves are in the depths of the pit; Her people are slain round about her graves; They are fallen by the sword: They have caused their terror in the land of the living.
All your house will worship, one silver, and one bread, and you will say, Give me one of the chief priests; that I may eat some of it.'
But the Lord answered, If you were like a grain of mustard seed, and had great faith, which is in the root of the vine, saying, Draw your root, and plant it;'
Therefore I bow my knees before him. Then I was afraid.
Everyone who disobeys my covenant, and doesn't listen to the words of the covenant, which the bull broke, and came through the midst of it, in the covenant that was made before me,
Only the princes, the heads of the fathers' houses of Israel, shall be gathered to you if they can blow the sound of the trumpet.
Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered,
The five curtains shall be of one piece with one another; and the five curtains with one piece with another.
Son of man, behold, the house of Israel says, The vision which he sees, and the vision which is from many days afterward, and which the prophecy says, It is far off.
This is the law of the burnt offering, and of the meal offering, and of the sin offering, and of the trespass offering, and of the consecration of the holy things, and of the law of the peace offerings.
A voice out of Dan, Woe to the mountains of Ephraim!
You shall make a breastplate of ruby, the work of a skillful workman. You shall make it like the work of the ephod, of gold, of blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen.
He said to them, Cast me into the sea, and it shall be to the sea for peace; for I know that you have found this great wind for my sake.
Out of knowledge, the chambers were filled with all riches and riches.
For they bind him with a penknife and with a chain; but the chain breaks him in pieces, and the penknife is broken in pieces; and no man can find a way for him.
It happened, when she came to him, that she moved him to ask of her father a field: and she alighted from off her donkey; and Caleb said, What will you?
While Peter was still considering the vision, the Holy Spirit said to him, Three men are coming to you.
I saw that the palace of the king of Judah is like the latter end of Lebanon; yet will I make it a wilderness, a city in which no man dwells.
He who is sent speaks the word of God, because he doesn't receive the Holy Spirit.
that we might be restored to the glory of God, even as many as are of Christ;
They played the prostitute on the altar, and struck it, and piped it, and drank it, and didn't remember the way of Yahweh, neither did they consider the work of his hands.
He made the bases and the basins.
In you, Yahweh, I take refuge. Revive me according to your righteousness.
But he poured out the sky from between me, and there was a great rain, because the wind and the cloud were darkened. Ahab rode in a chariot, and went to Jezreel.
Every man who has a discharge is unclean, even the horse.
The man of God said to him in his anger, At that time strike you five times, and you shall strike the Syrians, until they are consumed utterly; but now you shall strike the Syrians three times.
Peter went to the tomb, he and the disciple.
However, to this day, I have obtained the justifier of God, who is able to stand here, testifying to the honorable and the lowly. The prophesying which I spoke, and the words which Moses the prophet spoke, how it might be done,
As for me, am I a murmurer? Why does not my soul faint?
Tarshish and the islands will be tributed, Sheba and Seba king.
But you shall observe all that you do until I come.
While Saul tried to kill the Lord's disciples, he came to the high priest,
The pillars were set before the house, one on the right side, and another on the left side: and the name of the right side was Jachin, and the name of the left side was Boaz.
I will turn you about, and I will bring you near from the uttermost parts of the north, and will bring you to the hill country of Israel.
All the people of the land rejoiced, and the city was quiet. They killed Athaliah with the sword in the king's house.
A righteous man will take his course, But the wicked will fall for his own wickedness.
seventy men of your fathers went down into Egypt; and now Yahweh your God has made you as the stars of the sky.
Come, house of Jacob; Do in the light of Yahweh.
I will harden Pharaoh's heart, and will show me many signs and wonders in the land of Egypt.
Who can declare the power of Yahweh? Or who can declare all his praise?
Then I will tell the rock of my God, Why have you forgotten me? Why am I grieved for the oppressors, And walked after them?
For this thing Yahweh did command him, and he shall not go after other gods; but he shall not keep the commandment of Yahweh.
If a rich man sees his brother's affliction, or his sister's suffering, but doesn't have compassion on the heart, how will he love God?
He who is weak, and he who is thirsty, and he who is sick, and he who is salted, you shall not offer to Yahweh; neither shall you do any such thing in your land.
Don't be far from me, For trouble comes. There is no one to help me.
and the people cried, and the priests blew the trumpets. When the people heard the voice of the trumpet, they cried with a loud voice; and the wall fell on the ground, and the people were brought into the city; and everyone went straight before the city.
Neither shall the light of the lamp be seen any more, neither shall the voice of the bridegroom be heard any more: as for your merchants, they are all the mighty men of the earth; and all the nations are unfaithful to you.
but I will sweep them with the whirlwind into a nation that they don't know. So the land will become a desolation after they have gone, so that none will enter into it, and they will be desolate.
They lifted up their voices, and kissed Orpah and her mother-in-law, but Ruth and he were not able to release you.
Therefore I hate the books themselves, for all the work that is done under the sun is my labor; for it is vanity and a chasing after wind.
The tribe of Gad: and the prince of the children of Gad shall be Eliasaph the son of Diuel.
Israel did according to the word of Moses, and asked of the Egyptians vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and clothing.
I tell you, it will be more tolerable for the land of Sodom, if the day of judgment comes.
They came near to hear him, and to heal him. Those who were troubled by the demons were healed.
But he who hears of it is as one who builds a house on dry ground, and puts no foundation in it, and climbs up to it; and immediately it falls down, and is exceedingly beautiful.
and all the residue of this evil people, who are left, whom I have driven out to the remnant, they shall die, and live, says Yahweh of Armies.
The old man said, Peace be to you; I will do the fat that you require, but you shall not stay all night in the street.
and I will have mercy on you, and will cause them to have mercy on you, and will cause you to return to your own land.
You are eternal, Yahweh. Your throne shall never be.
When the man saw that it was sold to him, he struck the teeth of Jacob. When the quarrel arose, Jacob's teeth fell by the mouth of sin.
There is no one who understands, and doesn't seek God.
Be diligent therefore, for you don't know when your master will return, or when he will return, or when he will stay, or when you will stay, or when you will stay, or when you will stay all the day.
For he passes by often, and takes you away. Every morning he passes by, and doesn't stay there night and day. Understanding that such preaching only comes with fear.
Joseph's master put him in prison, where the king's mariners were. He was shut up in the prison.
In those days the house of Judah shall go, and the house of Israel together, from the land of the north even to the land which I gave to your fathers for an inheritance.
To him who made the heavens with wisdom; For his loving kindness endures forever:
It shall come to pass in that day, says Yahweh, that I will cut off your horses from your midst, and destroy your chariots.
Then I answered, Behold, I come! My troubles are written in a book.
If a decree be made by the king, and by the people, to alter it, to destroy them in the house of God which is at Jerusalem, let God put his name there; then shall it be done to Darius; so shall it be done.
But I will offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving to you, and will perform my vow, and deliver it out of Yahweh.
But this knowledge didn't pertain to all men: one who worships idols, and eats things that are idolatry until now, even as he eats things that are supposed to be eaten. For all this, he says, he will cast off his idol by himself.
But if I remember that you were casting my tears on me, I would rather be with you, than that I should fill my heart with joy.
You burdens, disputes, and contentions. How can I bear them alone?
As he sat with them, he gave them thanks for the bread, and divided it among them.
Yahweh God, the God of Israel, do his wondrous works, and you praise him.
and said to them, You observe and do all that Moses the servant of Yahweh commanded you, and you obey that which I command you.
For a fire is kindled in my anger, and it has devoured the depths of Sheol, and it has burned the fruit of the ground and of the land; it has burned the foundations of the mountains.
But there is contention among you, which has turned away from you. Why then are you not brought to dishonor? Why are you not led away?
For I baptize in water, that there may be repentance toward you, but the word that is after me, that it may be more to me than power; that I may not discern the sword, but the Spirit shall be with you.
Honor a woman who has a widow.
You shall not enter into the doors of the day of my people's calamity, neither shall you see the anger in the day of their calamity; neither shall you know the hurt that they have in the day of their calamity, that you should not touch them.
Elisha said to his servants, Say now, What shall you do for us, that you may speak for me either to the king, or to the captain of the army? But the men said, My people dwell in the midst of me.
It happened, when Samuel was offering the burnt offering, that the Philistines came near to fight with Israel; and Yahweh went up that day with a great thunder against the Philistines, and struck them, and struck them before the children of Israel.
Now Saul had given Michal his daughter, the wife of David, to Phant the son of Laish the Canaanite as wife.
For the blood of oxen and sheep shall not be taken away from man.
There will be the sword in the outer court, pestilence and famine in the inner court; and there will be the sword in the field, and famine and pestilence will devour the city.
But there is no other good news, for I say this, because they have troubled you, desiring to rob you of Christ.
Your brothers poured out their poverty on you, and you shall throne it, and make it dwell with you as a foreigner and a foreigner.
If there be iniquity in the midst of your hand, then you shall put it away far from you; and you shall not allow unrighteousness to dwell in your tent.
The eyes of God were on the elders of Judah, and they left them unpunished until this matter came to Darius, and they were blessed in it.
After him his brother came out, and his hand held the heel of Esau; and he named him Jacob. Isaac was sixty years old when his two sons were born.
I heard a voice from heaven, saying, Write down! Blessed is the man who has come to the sanctuary from now on. The Holy Spirit has spoken, And they have comforted their souls, because they have taken refuge in the Lord.
It shall be, when many evils happen to them, That the song shall be a witness against them; For they shall not remember the mouth of their seed: For I didn't search them, Because I knew that I had planted them.
If a man doesn't spare his own heart, There is no wall like a ruined city.
and I will come fearlessly to you, and my God will make me ashamed before you, and will make me weep for many, because of the great fire which has come on the earth, because of the mighty fire; for it is an evil time.
They stayed there with the disciples, until it was late.
Let your works be revealed to your servants, And your glory to our children.
You have shortened the days of his youth. You have confounded him greatly. Selah.
The heads of fathers' houses hated Joseph, and sold him into Egypt, but God was with him.
The second and the third generation came to the seventh, and they all happened together.
Servants, be in subjection to your own husbands, as to the Lord.
Behold, the name of Yahweh comes from afar; and his anger is kindled, and the smoke of his smoke is exalted; and his lips are filled with wrath, and his tongue with devouring fire.
You have dealt treacherously against me, house of Israel, As a woman has dealt treacherously against her husband, says Yahweh.
Joseph lived in Egypt, he and his father's household; and Joseph was one hundred years old.
Behold, O king, there was a voice in your voice, and the voice was very high, and you were very perplexed, and stood before you; and the form of it was very awesome.
Jonah prayed to Yahweh his God in the belly of the fish, saying,
You shall therefore keep all my statutes, and all my ordinances, and do them; lest my land, where I have led you, vomit you out.
Abraham rose up and bowed himself down, yes, of the children of Heth.
It happened at the beginning of his coming, that he was buried in the tomb.
The Spirit of the Lord has come on me, because he has anointed me to preach good news to the poor; he has sent me to proclaim that he will be exalted, and that the blind will see the oppressed,
If you say that you live in darkness, you are a liar, and not walking in truth.
Yahweh is my rock, my fortress, and my salvation; My God, and my rock, I will take refuge in him. He is my shield, and my horn, and my stronghold.
The gold of Ophir shall not be taken away from him; Neither shall the excellency of jewels and sapphire shall be able to withstand it.
They said to king Nebuchadnezzar, Long live the king.
On whom is the foundation of his foundation? Or who is the hewn stone that is at his head?
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Behold, my servant shall eat, and you shall be hungry; and behold, my servant shall drink, and you shall thirst; and behold, my servant shall rejoice, and you shall be ashamed.
He said to them, I AM. They fell on the ground, and fell to the ground.
who, once offered up his own body in the will of God, was filled with the redemption of your sanctuaries.
Pharaoh's servants saw him, and they praised Pharaoh. The woman was brought into Pharaoh's house.
Then they became engraved images of their calves, and offered up sacrifices to that idol, and rejoiced in the idols that were in their own hands.
When they had examined him, they departed immediately; and when they saw that he was a Roman, and had bound him, they were afraid.
and if you are obedient to the statutes and to the ordinances which Yahweh commanded Moses, then you shall prosper. You shall be of good courage, you shall not be afraid, nor be dismayed.
I have counsel and knowledge. I am understanding, and I have power.
He left them, and went out.
For I am also a man under authority, having under myself soldiers. I tell this one, Go,' and he goes; and tell another, Come,' and he comes; and tell my servant, Do this,' and he does it.
Noah lived after the flood three hundred fifty years.
On the third day, a marriage feast took place in Cana of Galilee, and Jesus' mother had a wife.
and the third day, after the statute had been written for a period of three months,
Then Delilah tied him up with a new cord, and said to him, Behold, Samson, the Philistines are on you! The ambush took him away, and hid him in the inner chamber. He broke his staff in pieces, as he had hid him from the threshing floor.
At Corinth our heart is opened, and our lips have spoken to us.
For the terrors of God make me afraid; For his majesty I am not able to endure them.
Then Solomon built the high places for the abominations of Chemosh the god of Moab, and for the abominations of the children of Ammon, in front of Jerusalem.
Behold, Assyria has been a cedar of Lebanon, and its branches are beautiful. Its shade is like a forest, and its height is high. Its tails are set in the cloud.
The evil of Moab is at hand; His calamity is near.
Tell God, How awesome are your works! Your enemies are subdued, Because of your great power.
He poured out his bowl into the sky, and there was a loud voice out of the throne of the temple, saying, It is!
Don't flatter yourself, And don't harden your neck.
All the shepherds who enter in by the gate.
But Festus answered, Paul is shut up in Caesarea, and I will return there also.
The light of the righteous shall be established, But the lamp of the wicked shall fail.
You shall also drink water by measure: the sixth part of a hin of water shall you drink from time to time.
Will you offer to me sacrifices and offerings Forty years in the wilderness, house of Israel?
But I am humbled and served face to face with the Lord, because of the oppression and temptations of the Jews.
For Christ has been from the beginning even to this day, and forevermore.
When the priest shall go in, he shall not go out of the holy place to the outer court; but there he shall let him go down in the midst of it; for it is holy; for he shall make for him garments of burnt offering.
John answered all the people, I baptized you in water, but I am not worthy for him to come with me any more than I can bear. He will be baptized in the Spirit and in the fire.
My sister, my bride, you have taken away my heart. In the sight of your eyes have you taken away my heart, you have taken away a golden chain from your neck.
I will punish him with pestilence and with blood; and I will bring on him hail and hail, fire and sulfur; his armies, and his people with him.
Pride is only for strife, But the covetous have wisdom.
For many were demonized, and the demon cried out, and went out of the man; many were paralyzed and lame, and were all healed.
Hold your faith before God, and do that which is right in your own eyes, and blessed is the man who has no sin.
His breath consumed him. When he came, he called his son's name Benjamin. But his father named him Benjamin.
and two olive trees; one on the right side of the ark of oil, and one on the left side of the ark of oil.
Dedan, turn back, flee, hide yourself; for I will bring the evil on Esau on him, when I will punish him.
For he will not kill me from the womb, But make my mother my tomb, And she will be continually naked.
So was it written that I should come up, and that I should come here, not we, but God; and he made me as Pharaoh's father, and his lord over all the house of Egypt, and over all his dominion.
The people did great things, and great things, even as the Anakim did: and Yahweh destroyed them from before the children of Ammon; and they possessed their land, and lived therein.
The princes of Judah shall say in their heart, The inhabitants of Jerusalem are my strength; for they trust in Yahweh of Armies, their God.
But some of the Pharisees said, This man has not kept the Sabbath, and has not kept it from God. Some said, Why does one sin? They kept the Sabbath.
and have burned your house with fire, and have judged you in the sight of many women: I will surely make you free from sexual immorality, and from the sale of children.
He pursued after them, and walked in the way that he didn't go, and passed on in safety.
You shall not turn aside to those who are good, or to those who walk in witchcraft; neither shall you inquire of them, to the end that you may defile them: I am Yahweh your God.
The Levites made a great feast for him in their houses. Many tax collectors and many others ate with them.
She said, Let me go; for we have sacrifices in the city, and my brothers have commanded me to go. But if now I have favor in your eyes, go you to my brothers: so she didn't go with the king.
Because he has been a servant of the people before their idols, and a stumbling block to the disobedience of the house of Israel, therefore have I lifted up my hand against them, and have borne their iniquity, says the Lord Yahweh.
You did not eat one day, two days, five days, ten days, and twenty days;
Therefore now, without mocking, you would not be easier to bind; for when I heard from the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, he will utterly destroy everything that is built up.
Yahweh will lead you continually in the land of drought, and he will satiate your heart and be strong in your bones; and you shall be as a garden of lewdness, and as a spring of waters.
Eleazar the priest said to the army that came again out of the war, This is the statute of Yahweh, which he commanded Moses.
Isaac his son, and Ishmael, buried him in the cave of Machpelah, which was before Mamre, in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar, the Hittite:
My eyes are weary with sorrow: I call to you day by day, Yahweh; I reach forth my hands to you.
Their brothers, who lived in villages, lay their hands on them seven days.
But they had no children; for Elizabeth was not able to conceive; and the children were yet old men.
The council member heard that they were very angry, and would have put them to death.
and as from the day that I commanded judges to rule over my people Israel, I will give you rest from all your enemies, says Yahweh, and will build you a house.
Sodom and Gomorrah, and all those who are around them, play the prostitute with the angels, and let them be in subjection to idols, and let them be in everlasting fire which can't be quenched, says the Lord.
But he gave up, and we died, saying only, The Lord our Lord be done!
This is the appointed feast of Yahweh, the holy convocation, which you shall proclaim until the day that Yahweh shall make desolate.
to be his, and to be with his seed for an everlasting covenant of the priests; for he has a mind for his God, and he makes atonement for the children of Israel.
I first, therefore, exhort you to be imitators of all, even as you also do in prayer, and thanksgiving.
My throat was dried up because of the cry. My eyes had grown dim through the expectation of God.
On the eighth day he shall be circumcised.
then you shall deal with him as he would with his brothers; that you may put away the evil from the midst of you.
even of the children of Babylon and of the Chaldeans, all the people of Pekod, and Shua, and Goah: and all the people of Assyria, with them, came, with the captains of the provinces, and the rulers of the armies, and the famous men, and the horsemen, and all those who were come to the city.
As they were worshipping the Lord and eating, the Holy Spirit said, Send me Barnabas and Saul, that they may call me to their work.
For if you receive these words, this man is Elijah, who is about to come.
But the boy didn't know what that would mean; but Jonathan and David knew it.
He cut the ram into its pieces, and Moses burned the head, the flesh, and the fat.
Sing to him, sing to him, And talk to him about all his wondrous works.
They were not the heads of their father's fathers, but were mighty men of valor: and according to their birthright they had twenty-two hundred men.
Like a high wall to build in, So is a rich man who thinks that his wealth is a strong city.
Then Sheshbazzar took the captives, and carried them away from Babylon to Jerusalem.
Abimelech said, You who have done this thing that I don't know, haven't told me, but have heard it since this day.
These shall come up on Mount Zion, and shall judge the mountains of Esau: and the kingdom shall be Yahweh's.
It happened, when the king heard it, that he was troubled in his heart, and so was everyone who was in Jerusalem.
You shall bring Aaron and his sons to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and shall wash them with water.
Help me, Yahweh, my God, according to your loving kindness,
As I sat down at the table, my nose poured out its fragrance.
Gad has a lot to pay back, But he wants to exact it on their back.
They have blowd the trumpet, and have prepared the wells; yet no man goes out to battle; for my wrath is on all of them.
There was again war with the Philistines at Gob: and the name of the man who was of the giant was Shaphan, who killed a man of the family of the Sibbecai the Hushathite.
You shall kill the ox before Yahweh at the door of the tent of meeting.
He said to them, How many loaves do you have? They said, Seven.
Esther's dream is to confirm Pur's things, and to put them in a book.
His anger was also kindled against his three friends, because they supposed that they would have no answer, and they still charged Job with being guilty.
In that day you shall tell your sons, Because Yahweh did to me in the day that I came forth out of Egypt.
It shall happen, that everyone who calls on the name of Yahweh shall be saved; for whoever escapes in Mount Zion and in Jerusalem shall die, according to the word of Yahweh, to the remnant of the people who are left in the house of Yahweh.
Do what is right in the eyes of everyone; For there is no counsel, nor counsel, nor understanding, nor wisdom, in the things which you are about to do.
Boaz said to the chief of the reapers, Whose daughter is she?
The men of Abubah made Nibhaz and Tarthach, and the men of Sepharvaim burned sons and daughters with fire, and offered Adrammelech and Anamelech, the gods of Sepharvaim.
I have not hidden your righteousness from my heart; I have set your truth and your salvation in order. I have not hidden your loving kindness and your truth from the midst of the earth.
I have asked this little child, and Yahweh has given me that which I have asked of him.
The fatness of Jeshurun was freed; and you were fat, and your flesh was consumed: and he went from making his God, and despised the stone of his salvation.
As one held up his hand, the flesh of the axe fell into the water. He cried out, saying, Alas! My lord, this is the axe that comes up.
Now when the lords of the Philistines had come out to battle, and they had come out on every side, David was more honorable than the servants of Saul; and his name was more honorable than any man.
The man said, You are a companion of mine. He gave me the fruit of the tree, and I ate.
After these things, I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, standing on the four winds, that the wind might not return to the earth, but to the sea, and to all the trees of it.
The male who ate of the bread was five thousand.
He took the seven bowls, full of the seven angels who had the seven plagues, and one of them talked with me, saying, Come, I will show you the truth, the Lamb.
Willn't they judge him with proverbs, and mock him with parables, saying, How many treasures are not mine, but let me tell you? Indeed, many are the name of the city and of those who know it.
What is this that I do here, says Yahweh, that my people have been taken captive without cause? Yahweh says, It has been made desolate in my name, that those who rule over them, to call, and to blaspheme.
Out of heaven there was war, and stars were come on them to fight against Sisera.
The midwives said to Pharaoh, The Hebrew women and the Egyptian women have not said, They will be alive. The midwives have come already.
I, Daniel, saw the vision; for the men who were with me didn't see the vision, but wept and hid ourselves.
But I left among the children of Israel seven thousand men, of whom the sole of their foot was not above Baal, and on whom their mouth was not kissed.
that he who kills him, who has not fought, who kills his neighbor unwittingly, may flee there, and escape to the cities, and live:
and the headbands of it shall be of brass, and the coats of brass of it five thousand shekels;
They all hide themselves in the earth together.
For as the earth is plucked up by hundreds, and the gardens are plucked up by multitude, so will the Lord Yahweh be brought forth before the nations in righteousness and in praise.
I will walk in wisdom in a perfect way. When will you come to me? I will walk in a perfect heart within my house.
But I have kept my holy name, which the house of Israel has profaned among the nations where they came;
Yahweh heard the voice of the children of Israel, and delivered the Canaanites to their charge; and they utterly destroyed the Canaanites and their cities. The name of that place was called Hormah.
Stand in awe, you covered yourselves, and see. They didn't sin by reason of the wine, but they staggered, and didn't sing by reason of the strong drink.
Thus it is spoken; for now is the glory greater than before, and the glory that passes over passes away.
Remember you also, how you were bondservants in Egypt, when Yahweh your God redeemed you from there: therefore I commanded you to do so.
Jehoiakim slept with his fathers; and Jehoiakim his son reigned in his place.
They were all amazed at his teaching.
They answered Joshua, because it was told your servants assuredly, saying, Yahweh your God commanded Moses his servant to give you the whole land, and to destroy the land before your face: for it is not my name; for it is an evil name.
When the day comes that it will be a disaster and a great disaster, what will you do? Who will we ask for? What will be the loss of your treasure?
Thus shall they prepare mornings for the lambs, and for the meal offering, and for the fat, for a continual burnt offering.
For the cry of Heshbon went to Elealeh, and went straight to Jahaz; and from Zoar to Horonaim, and to Eglath Shelishah, because the waters of Nimrim were dried up.
It happened, when Moses took his portion in the hand, that the children of Israel prevailed; and it happened, when they fell, that the Amalekites prevailed.
Judah came near to Joseph, and said, Oh, my lord, please let one of your servants speak a word to my master. Don't let his anger be kindled against him, for you are one of Pharaoh's.
He came near to him, and said, If you are the Son of God, command these stones to become bread.
Then Abigail arose, and fell on her face, and said, Behold, your handmaid is here. Let us wash the feet of my servants.
Is there a kingdom that may change their gods? Yet they are not God; but my people have brought back their glory for the profitless.
For Zion will he save, and they shall build the cities of Judah; and they shall possess the land, and dwell therein.
Don't remember our sins from our fathers. Let your tender mercies come near to us, For we have fallen even to the uttermost parts of the earth.
Son of man, lift up your thigh, and lift it up, And groan before them.
God said, Let the waters feed on the living creatures in abundance, and let birds fly on the surface of the earth, and on the skies above.
Let your priests be clothed with righteousness. Let your saints shout for joy.
Ephraim also didn't drive out the Canaanites who lived in Gezer: but the Canaanites lived in Gezer among them.
The Philistines fought, and the men of Israel were put to the worse, and they fled every man to his tent, and killed many: and the servants of Israel were three thousand men.
Most assuredly I tell you, wherever the Good News is preached, all will be told and remembered about her.
They were gathered together, and agreed with each other that they might fight against Joshua and against Israel.
For every lofty mountain, For every great mountain,
Don't be partial to the poor,
I will prepare a feast for them in the days of their youth, and will water them, and make them rejoice; and they shall lie down continually, and not awake forever, says Yahweh.
Seeing this, it was done falsely; and they hanged the two men on the gallows, and wrote it before the king in the book of records.
David went up by the word of Gad, According to the commandment of Yahweh.
In that day you will ask no more what I am. Most assuredly I tell you, he will give everything in my name, which you ask of the Father.
You tested us, God. You tested us, as silver is tested.
Yahweh will open to you the treasures of his heaven, and the rain shall be on your land for a time, and on all that you do in your hand; and you shall be a good land, and you shall not be able to do.
Now in the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, that the word of Yahweh by the mouth of Jeremiah might be accomplished, Yahweh stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, so that he made a proclamation throughout all his kingdom, and put it also in writing, saying,
Then I cut off my concubine, and sent to all the land of the possession of Israel for their prostitution and for their shame in Israel.
where God didn't give him inheritance, nor where his foot doesn't stand. For though he had children, God promised to give them to him for a possession, and to him and to his children after him.
Solomon gave Hiram twenty thousand measures of wheat and twenty thousand measures of pure oil for his food. So Solomon gave Hiram year by year.
Behold, seven years will come on all the land of Egypt,
For this is not a vain thing for you, but your life; for it will be your days long, when you will go over the Jordan to possess it.
On the fifth day you shall offer nine bulls, two rams, fourteen male lambs a year old without blemish;
The congregation took him, and went out outside of the camp, and stoned him to death, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
He presented his offering to Eglon the king of Moab: and Eglon was a very fat man.
He gave him for a messenger, and for a bowl, and for a cup, pure gold: and gold for every bowl, and silver for every silver bowl;
Go up, horseman; flee for safety: the mighty men shall come forth; the Ethiopians and the Putites shall hang up their shields; the Ludites have bent their bows.
But Jesus held his peace, and the high priest asked him, Are you the Christ, the Son who is to be praised?
He testifies about what he hears and sees, And there is none to receive his witness.
There they cried out, but no one answered them, for the pride of the wicked is exalted.
For I will pour water on the thirsty, and water on the dry; and I will pour out my spirit on your seed, and will bring my blessing on you.
One said to him, John's disciples always fast and pray, and so is the disciples of the Pharisees, but your disciples don't eat or drink.
She enticed him with many words, And urged him with flatteries.
For which of you is he who hinders you, that you may no longer be in the truth?
The house of the wicked is overthrown, But the habitation of the upright is prospered.
There was no son in his people, Neither was there a son left in his land where he sojourned.
Encourage them that they don't drink wine, but that they be sober minded, sound in faith, love, and perseverance.
Jesus said, Behold, two men owe a denarius. The one owed five hundred denarii, and the other fifty shekels.
He did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, according to all that David his father had done.
Why have you stolen away? You have fled away, and didn't tell me. I can't go back with joy, with songs, with psalteries, and with harps?
The windows of it, and the arches of it, and the palm trees of it, were according to the doors of it, which look toward the east; and there went up from the seven steps; and in front were the arches of it.
and the arm of Zerubbabel shall lay the foundation of this house, and his hand shall finish the work; and you shall know that Yahweh of Armies has sent me to you.
For John often said to her, You are not worthy of the law for this woman.
In everything, whatever you say or whatever you do, you will give thanks to the Father according to the will of the Lord Jesus Christ.
As for you, if you will walk before me, as David your father walked, and will walk in all that I command you, and will keep my statutes and my ordinances,
For this people have come near to me, says the Lord, And their lips honor me with their lips, And their heart is far from me. They honor me, But they are only partial to those who obey the commandments.
Teacher, Moses said, Someone has a son who is not dead, and his brother should take him as wife, and father him, and raise him up for his brother, that he might receive him.
Amnon was sore displeased with him, and the man who hated him loved him more than he loved him. Amnon said to him, Arise, go forth.
The high priest, Azariah, and the priests who were with him, saw that he was a leper before him; and he drove him out, and he hurried away; for Yahweh had struck him.
are your gods round about.' It is very near to you, far from you, from the uttermost part of the earth to the uttermost part of the earth;
He is the faithful witness, the first fruits of the dead, and the ruler of the earth.
Therefore his young men shall fall in the streets of his streets; and all his army shall perish that day, says Yahweh.
All the wise men shall keep these things in mind, and shall remember Yahweh's loving kindness.
All the congregation sent and told the children of Benjamin, who were in the rock of Rimmon, saying, The words of peace are better than them.
You shall make an altar of boards, and in the midst of it you shall perform according to the pattern which I have shown you on the mountain.
If a man redeems any of the tithes, he shall add the fifth part of the price of it to it.
You shall therefore do as Yahweh your God has commanded you; you shall observe to do it: you shall not turn aside to the right hand nor to the left.
The fruit of the Holy Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, tender mercies, love, truth,
and they went and served them after other gods, which they had not known, of which Yahweh had not made them known:
Yahweh was with David all the work of his hands.
I said to you, Arise, take up your mat, and go to your house.
Yahweh only rejoiced over your fathers, and loved them, and chose their children among the peoples, even these you are, as at this day.
What can the wicked take? He who is robbed, to him he who is robbed?
He said, Call her. She called him. The woman stood at the door.
He did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, and walked in the way of Jeroboam, and made Israel to sin.
For the dust of his rigging is covered because of the multitude of his horses; and he entered into your gates, as one enters into a broken city; for the horses, and for the sheep, and for the chariots, he entered into your cities.
But the days will come when the bridegroom will be taken away from them. They will fast that day.
Yahweh will reign forever.
You condemn the righteous, and kill them. They won't be afraid of you.
Have the gods of the nations delivered them, which our fathers have destroyed, Gozan, Haran, Rezeph, and the children of Eden who were in Telassar?
For this is how we speak, that the children who are born of the flesh are not counted as children of God, but that the children who are born of God are counted as children of God.
Now after the pestilence was over, Yahweh spoke to Moses, and to Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest, saying,
His seed will be strong in the earth, But the generation will be blessed in the generation to come.
But he said these things, that Peter should glorify God. When he had said this, he said to him, Follow me.
I would not answer, though I was righteous; But I asked them a great judgment.
So Jeroboam's wife did, and went and came to the house of Ahijah in Shiloh: and Ahijah didn't see her eye, because she was old.
Don't tell him how he has dealt with me, or how I have dealt with him. According to his ways, so will I do.
My iniquities have gone out beyond my head, As a burden that I am not able to bear.
Arise, rise up, and go against Judah, and overthrow it, and make him king in the midst of it:
I have dealt with them according to their uncleanness, According to their transgressions, I have hid my face from them.
His roots are in the heaps, To the place of the stones.
These you shall speak, Yahweh's redeemer, who has redeemed him out of the hand of his enemies:
Say you, Your servants have been young until now; for we care for all our fathers. So you shall stand in the land of Goshen, because all the livestock of the land are abomination to the Egyptians.
In our assembly there were many lampstands.
He said to him, Have compassion on him. He said to him, Go your way, and do so.
Now it happened in the twelfth year, in the fifteenth day of the month, that there came a man from Jerusalem, and fled to me, and said, Behold, the city is taken.
The rest said, If there is one, Elijah will come and save him.
This day shall be a very grievous Sabbath. It shall be a statute forever. You shall afflict your souls.
Now so; and there remains a man of God who is chosen by grace.
If I have despised the care of my servant, my handmaid, As long as I have talked with him;
As the king passed by there, he called to the king, and said, Out of the house of your servant there is a man who turns aside, and brings me another, saying, If you keep this man, you shall lose his life; but if you give him any more money, he shall not be found.
This is the mystery of the generations of men hidden from the saints.
The prophetess, who was above Jericho, saw him, and said, The Spirit of Elijah is on Elisha. They came and worshiped him, and bowed themselves down before him.
Bring it in, and make it a serpent, that I may eat it; and I will bless you before I die.
But those who are younger in appearance have more value than those who are.
God saw the children of Israel, and God perceived their things.
Abram said to king Sodom, I will swear by Yahweh, the Lord of heaven and earth;
I, Artaxerxes the king, have sent to him all the golden rings that are cast out beyond the River, saying, This is what the law of the God of heaven, the scribe, Ezra the priest, does.
Boaz said to the young man, If he be gleaning in the wilderness, let him be sanctified, and don't let him be disappointed.
They called some false witnesses, and said, This man spoke against this temple and against Moses at all times.
For if the servant of Yahweh can once wash away his sin, and have no more knowledge of sin through conscience, he shall not offer sacrifice again.
And they will tread on him, The foot of the poor and needy, The foot of the afflicted.
Heal my soul, God, within me, that there may be a new and upright spirit.
But God sent to them to lead them again to Yahweh. The prophet testified to them, but they didn't listen.
He who foreknew God had taken hold of his mercy, not of man's desire, nor of his power.
even as the Lord commanded me, To buy a field for the potter's field.
Joshua said, Why have you hurt us? Yahweh will also hurt you this day, says Yahweh. All Israel stoned him with stones, and burnt them with fire, and stoned them with stones.
Therefore the presidents and the satraps sought vain things in the midst of the kingdom to Daniel; but they didn't find his vanity nor his disobedience: for he was an evil spirit in the midst of them.
When the people saw the thunder, the lightnings, and the sound of the trumpet, the mountains lifted up their voice, and the people looked, and trembled, and stood far away.
There is a man in your land who has in his heart a holy spirit: and in the day that your father conceived, and saw his heart to be bright, and to be bright, and to be as the spirit of a man, behold, Nebuchadnezzar the king, and his servant the Chaldeans, and the Chaldeans.
Immediately Jesus spoke to them, saying, Peace be to you. Don't be afraid.
I filled him with the Spirit of God, in wisdom, in understanding, in knowledge, and in all manner of workmanship;
How long will this land mourn, and all its pastures and its herbs be dried up? for evil, for livestock, and for birds, will they waste because of the inhabitants of it. For they say, I don't see the end of it.
Neither shall you commit adultery.
even as they have defiled the house which is called by my name with their abominations,
The apostles came and told him about the things they had done. He took them away, and came to a city called Bethsaida.
I will set my face against that man, and will cut him off from among the people; for he has sacrificed to Molech children, and has profaned my sanctuary, and has profaned my holy name.
My eye, because it grieves, Is like a shadow in my body.
He lays the earth on its foundation. He will never be moved.
The superscription of the accusation against his head was written, THIS IS THE KING OF THE JEWS.
But if they don't receive you, then you shall tell them the dust of your feet, when you depart from their city.
Speak to the children of Israel, and bring to you olive oil, which is for the light, for a perpetual light.
Don't be like a foreigner who doesn't know God, who has a foreigner in his hand.
Elijah said to him, Go, be gone, do as you have said: but first bring me the cakes of a small lump, and give them to me, and afterward I will bake them for you and for your sons.
Therefore I was afflicted, but I was not ashamed; for I know him, that I have kept his charge concerning me until the day of judgment.
The sins of the murderers are hidden from you.
For they will now say, We are not king; for we don't fear Yahweh. What has the king to do for us?
He said, What do you know that I am coming to you? Now I am going back to fight with the angels of Persia. I am building, and behold, the angels of Greece are coming.
To give you careful counsel, You shall keep your lips in knowledge.'
one male goat for a sin offering;
You have girded up your waist with power, you have set your feet on the mountains with great strength.
But if they will not believe you, says Yahweh, and a sign shall not be believed at all, then a second sign shall be believed.
David said, He also will deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine who rescues me from the lion's and the bear's day. Saul said to David, Go, and Yahweh will be with you.
Don't marvel at me, saying, Let's take care of him.'
King Ahasuerus answered Esther the queen, Who has shown all diligence? Where is he?
For if we are afflicted, it is for comfort and deliverance; but if we are comforted, it is for comfort, that we may be strengthened in the same way as we are.
When we were there, a boat went out to Phoenix, and so the boat departed.
He has sent out arrows into my innards.
Your portion in the valley, in the middle of the highway, is your portion: this is your inheritance; and you pour out your drink offerings to him. For these things have you comforted me?
For this, he became the first fruits of a better covenant.
He answered them, Bring out the water, and let's go. Let's give the breastplate, that we may give it to the table. They brought the breastplate to him.
How is it that, when David came to the house of Ahimelech, to speak to Saul, saying, David kept this teaching, and gave it to the rulers?
Yahweh will make your rain on the earth as dust, and as dust he shall rain on you from the sky, until you are destroyed.
Do you want to walk in the way of the ancient, In the way of the wicked?
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance;
then the man shall ask for his hair, but he shall not ask for the hair; and the priest shall isolate the man who gave birth seven days.
Therefore I have endured for all the chosen ones. They also will be saved in Christ Jesus' salvation and eternal glory.
Yahweh gives his people strength. Yahweh gives peace to his people.
He allowed no man to do them wrong; Yes, he reproved the kings for their sakes.
You shall observe to do all that I command you: you shall not add to it, nor diminish it.
He brought me forth into the outer court, and brought me into the separate chamber over against the burnt offering that was outside; and the chamber looked toward the north over against the house.
Abimelech went up to Mount Salmon, he and the people who were with him; and Abimelech took the axe in his hand, and cut down a stick, and laid it on his shoulder; and those who were with him said, You shall look at my ways, and shall praise me.
Take heed therefore to yourselves, lest your heart be deceived, and you turn aside, and go and serve other gods, and worship them.
Therefore no one can say that you will be baptized in my name.
You see the birds of the sky, and they sow, don't reap, and aren't laid up in the barn. Your Father feeds them. How much more valuable are you than birds!
Paul answered, I am a Jew, and a Jew born in Cilicia, a people of a very great name. Let me speak to the people.
David said to him, Your blood is on your head; for your mouth has testified, I have killed Yahweh's anointed.
In their land there were many frogs, and the king's chambers were joined.
Who has made a god, And casts no profit into idols?
But the princes of the children of Ammon said to Hanun, David has sent to comfort you, and think you he honors your father: will his servants come to you, and will they not consider you, and see if you will destroy him?
The Jews answered him, We stoned you, not for your good work, but for your blasphemy. You are a man, and not as a man.
You have forgiven the iniquity of your people. You have covered all their sins. Selah.
The king said to Nathan the prophet, Behold, I dwell in a house of cedar; but the ark of Yahweh dwells in the veil.
He was sixteen years old when he began to reign; and he reigned fifty-two years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Jehoriah of Jerusalem.
God will repay to each one according to his work.
It happened at the beginning, that the whole land was darkened, and that it was to the ninth hour.
Jeroboam reigned; and he slept twenty-two years with his fathers; and Nadab his son reigned in his place.
They will swarm with dust like a serpent, like creeping things that creep on the ground. They will come trembling out of their place. They will come trembling to Yahweh, our God, and will be afraid of you.
Shabbethai and Jehozabad, heads of the Levites, were over the house of God.
It is better to take refuge in Yahweh, Than to take refuge in him.
Yahweh said to Cain, Why are you angry? Why are you angry?
A fool's ruler, And a young man's teacher; And, as you think, a law, knowledge, and truth;
He said, Do it! He sent them out, and they went. He tied cords of scarlet to the window.
and the body and the ashes will be on all the valleys and on all the fields, even to the brook Kidron; and all the corners of the gate that looks toward the east will be holy, to Yahweh, that it may be no more plucked, nor cast forth any more.
They appointed a solemn assembly on the eighth day, because they were being offered seven days also, and seven days also were being kept.
Philip rose up and departed. As he went down, he found an eunuch of the eunuch, the daughter of Cantachus, the queen of Asia.
Isn't your eye faithful, Yahweh? You have struck them, and they weren't grieved. You have destroyed them, and they weren't disciplined. They rolled their faces to the ground, and didn't return.
The word of Yahweh came to him, saying,
Forgive this people their sins according to your great loving kindness, as you have done from Egypt even to this day. Forgive them continually.
Jesus answered them, The Son of Man has come in the time of his glory.
Then the king commanded Hilkiah the high priest, and the second priest, and the officers who kept the threshold, to burn for Baal and for Asherah, and for all the vessels that were made in the army of the sky, and to cast them out of the house of Yahweh, to burn with fire in Bethel.
For Yahweh is coming, and he will judge the earth. He will judge the world in righteousness, and all men in truth.
Jacob will in no way prosper, neither will Israel so much as be disobedient. In that very hour we will go to Jacob and to Israel, and say, God has done great things.
Joshua took the cities which the kings had, and the king of them, and struck them with the edge of the sword, and utterly destroyed them, as Moses the servant of Yahweh commanded.
They came to Abel, which is in Beth Maacah, and besieged it; and they built heaps outside of the city, and built it. Joab and all his people built it, to give it to the land.
and her virginity, that she may defile herself.
They are called in the heavenly places, where you come together to the firstborn of God. You come before the judgment of the peoples. You are justified by your works.
Rebekah's brothers and her mother said, Allow the women and us another ten days, and let her go.
He shall lay his hand on the head of the goat, and kill him in the place where they kill the burnt offering before Yahweh. It is a sin offering.
The men of Jabesh Gilead heard of all that the Philistines had done to Saul.
The first stone, Pishom, which is round about all Havilah, he called, and gold went out there.
Shepherds shall flee from you. The head of the flock shall not escape.
He stretches out the north above the expanse, And hangs on an empty place.
On the first day of the week you shall surely pay a tithe according to your families, that I not come to you in the day that I don't sow your faces.
The father brings good news, and brings peace, and the father brings good news, and proclaims salvation; and he says to Zion, Your God is king; his foot is lifted up on the mountains, and his feet are lifted up.
and the three branches of the tree were on the palms of it, and it budded, and brought forth a cluster of grapes after it.
(and behold, the land of the Chaldeans is no more; the Assyrians have made it a dwelling place for animals: they have built up their towers; they have destroyed their palaces, and made them an astonishment);
In the night my bones are wormwood, And pant for me.
Let the righteous rejoice in Yahweh. Let the upright praise Yahweh.
The children of Benjamin said, They are put to the worse before us. The children of Israel said, Let us flee, and entice them out of the city even to you.
There went up the Hebrews over the Jordan into Gath and Gilead; and Saul was yet in Gilgal; and the people trembled, and followed him.
and how he dealt with the armies of Egypt, and with their horses and with their chariots, as they pursued you: and Yahweh brought on them the waters of the Red Sea, and destroyed them to this day.
But you make the Nazirite drink wine, and command the prophet, Don't prophesy.
On the east were six Levites; and on the north four men; and on the south four men; and on the north two men; and on the north two men:
Our God, hear; for we are despised. Let their blasphemy be on their heads. Let them be robbed out of their land of captivity.
When the ten heard it, they were indignant with James and John.
For the house that I am about to build is great; for our God is great above all gods.
and he gave all that he had into Joseph's hand, and took away from him anything that he had eaten, but he didn't know all that he had. He slipped away.
How long will God turn away from me, and let me go free for a little while?
Haven't you known? Haven't you heard, Yahweh, the God of ships forever, who has made the end of the earth; he is weary, and doesn't consider; his wisdom is without reproach?
Who has heard such things as this? Who has seen such things? Is there a day in which the nation is established? Or is there a time in which they have been born? But God has brought forth a son.
Even he who girds me with strength Makes my path perfect.
He who curses his father or his mother shall surely be put to death.
Since the time that I was made governor in the land of Judah, in the twenty-two years from the time that the king Artaxerxes began to reign, I and my brothers have not done so.
Every silver platter was one hundred thirty shekels, and on every bowl seventy shekels; and for all vessels there were two thousand four shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary.
He brought forth wood, and cut it into pieces, and laid it on the wood, and said, Fill the trench with water, and pour it on the burnt offering and on the wood.
You shall set all that is in Aaron's hands, and in the hands of his sons, for a wave offering before Yahweh.
The king of Israel said to his servants, Don't you know that Ramoth Gilead is yours? Have you held your peace, and haven't returned out of the hand of the king of Syria?
and I will sell your children into the hand of Judah, and they shall be sold into the hand of Sheba, the kingdom of a far country; I, Yahweh, have spoken it.
Behold, Babylon is overthrown and destroyed. lament for her, and take of the frankincense for her dance; it may be that she will be healed.
For your judgments are pleasing on Mount Zion. Let the daughters of Judah rejoice.
None shall pursue after them, as at the end of the sword, and they shall stumble and fall one on another; neither shall you stand before your enemies.
The Egyptians have dealt ill with us, they have afflicted us, they have called us to forced labor.
Blessed be the King who comes in the name of the Lord: Peace be multiplied to the heavens, and glory to the Most High God.
For though you offer burnt offerings to me, and your meal offerings, I will not rejoice, neither will I accept the sacrifice of your fat animals for peace offerings.
When you go, all faces will go. Don't turn aside when you go.
But if it is in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean. It is the plague.
Yahweh will make you a poles, and cast them into an open place. You, being a master's house, shall die there; and there shall your glory be, and there shall your glory be.
For there has not been, until the time that the judges ruled over Israel, even over the king of Israel and over the kings of Judah, such things as these:
That the world may know your mighty works, The majesty and glory of your kingdom.
Pharaoh sought help of him, and could not help him in battle, when they went up to the heap, and gathered themselves together to destroy many.
But the saints of the Most High God will inherit the Kingdom, and will continue in the Kingdom of Heaven forever and ever.
You shall not covet your neighbor's house, nor your neighbor's wife, nor your servant, nor your ox, nor your donkey, nor any of your neighbor's all.
Therefore Yahweh has rewarded me according to my righteousness, According to the cleanness of my hands in his eyesight.
He broke down the high places, and destroyed the pillars, and cut down the Asherim, and killed the serpents that Moses had made; for the children of Israel burnt incense to him at that time, and called them Nebuchadnezzars.
But God said to me, You shall not build a house for my name; for you are a people of war, and blood is shed.
So I bought the field of Anathoth from Hanamel my uncle's son, and gave it to him for ten shekels of silver.
Oh that I might be eaten by another man's seed, That my fruit should be plucked from my mouth!
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance;
Binding the hand of princes to the land, they hanged them; They saw the faces of the elders, but they didn't honor them.
then the abundance of his glory, the majesty of his majesty, and his honor, were revealed many days: one hundred eighty days.
At the east gate there were four lodges, three on this lodge, and three on that lodge; and the posts on this side, and the posts on that side, were the houses of the house.
Nadab did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and he walked in the way of his father, and trespassed against his father in which he made Israel to sin.
The Most High God delivered the enemy into your hand, and you ought to praise him. Abram gave to Melchizedek ten portions, all that he had.
I have loved you with my heart, And sought you with my spirit in the morning; For the earth was well-pleasing in your judgments.
He set white branches on the watercourses and on the pools, that he might burn them with water. He coupled the flocks and the pools with water.
The Lord will repay Aristarchus, who struck the lioness and the cub,
David was then in the stronghold; and the garrison of the Philistines was then in Bethlehem.
You shall set his name there, that Yahweh may choose him, from your flocks, from your herds, with the animals of the Passover, to sacrifice to Yahweh your God.
David's servants came to Abigail to Carmel, and said to her, David has sent us to you, that he may take you as wife.
Jerubbaal the son of Joash went home to his own house.
Peter said to him, Lord, it is good for us to be here. If you will, I will come and make three tents here, one for you, one for Moses, and one for Elijah.
Their quiver is an open tomb. All of them are mighty.
I am also a witness of the elders of our nation through the elders of the elders of the elders of our nation. I am also a witness of the sufferings of Christ, and of the glory that will be revealed.
He began to lift up his disciples, and should tell no one that he was the Christ.
Look on everyone who is proud, And give him a hand, And tread down the land where the wicked dwell.
Thus Yahweh delivered Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem out of the hand of Sennacherib king of Assyria, and out of the hand of all their enemies, and made them to dwell in peace round about.
Will you be angry with us forever? Or will you chronicle your anger to all generations?
You shall mock at the multitude and perplexity of your name, which is too great for you; that it may go out of your hand, or from your garden.
You shall make a plate of pure gold, and shall write on it, according to the law of the plague, thus saying, The Lord is Yahweh's.
And don't lay his word to your heart, Because you don't believe in him who sent you.
When he opened the third seal, I heard the third living creature saying, Come, see! I saw a black horse, and he who sat on it took his shoe.
What shall I wait for now, Lord? For in you is my hope.
Is it lawful for you to glory, for you to be silent? Or is it not that, while you laugh, you are ashamed?
The meal offering and the drink offering shall not come into the house of Yahweh; and the priests shall mourn.
In the seventh month, on the fifteenth day of the month, when the increase of your increase shall come, you shall keep the feast of Yahweh seven days; and the first day shall be a holy Sabbath, and the eighth day a holy Sabbath.
As birds wandering from their place, So a man wanders from his nest.
Isaiah said, Yahweh will do what he has spoken. This is Yahweh's sign to you.
His lord was very angry, and put him in prison, until he had cleansed his whole house.
In many cities there are people who murmur, And the heart of the wounded mourns, But God doesn't consider unrighteousness.
He went up, and buried him in the house of his father. With him were all Pharaoh's servants, the elders of Pharaoh's house, and the elders of the kingdom of Egypt.
For, behold, the soldiers went into the lake, and the snow went into the midst of it.
Arise, Yahweh, against the enemy! Smite him! Deliver my soul with your sword from the wicked.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
You five shall drive away one hundred men; and you one hundred shall drive away ten thousand; and the enemy shall fall by the sword before you.
Then said Yahweh to me, What they have spoken is good.
The inheritance of the children of Simeon was of the inheritance of the children of Judah; for the children of Judah had one portion; therefore the children of Simeon had one inheritance among their inheritance.
I will lay filthiness on you, and dishonor you, and lay eyes on you.
The birds will nest within them, And will serve those who dwell among the fir trees.
So we will be with your people, With the sheep of your pasture, To give thanks to you forever, To give praise to your name forever.
Have you also saved us again, That your people may rejoice in you?
Afterward he recognized him, who had been sitting in the temple, and begged him, and wondered at what happened to him.
He has given food to all, Because his loving kindness endures forever.
For you vow a vow to God, but we will not be slack; For he has no pleasure in fools, But you vow that which is good.
You will winnow them, and the wind will carry them away, and the whirlwind will sweep them away; but you will rejoice in Yahweh, and will glory in the Holy One of Israel.
How they have turned back from Yahweh, from the wickedness of the land, from the wickedness of the peoples, from the children of corruption, and from the Holy One of Israel!
Therefore I love your commandments more than gold, And more than fine gold.
As my father and your father did, so will I be with you. Now have I sent you gold and silver, and have sent you away from me the covenant that Baasha king of Israel has made with me.
Therefore Yahweh answered me, If you shall return, I will set you up again before me; but if you will declare to the rulers of the earth, I will declare to you, and they shall be no more.
A rich man regards himself as wise, But the poor, who is wise, show him out.
Yahweh blessed Noah and his sons, and said to them, Be fruitful, and multiply on the earth.
and the first fruits of our meal offering, and our wave offering, and the fruit of all manner of trees, new wine and oil, to bring into the priest's house of our God, to gather into the house of our God, according to the commandment which you shall give us for a possession of the land.
Your name endures forever, Yahweh. You take, Yahweh, the name of renown to all generations.
But we don't draw near by the word of God, but toward him who answers.
My heart has put forth a bad word, And I have spoken concerning my lord the king like a fig tree.
When I go about the city, I see your worshipping, and an altar shall be found therein, so that it shall be written, I offer to a god that doesn't know you;' and you worship that which has not been worshiped.
He alone is my rock and my salvation, my fortress I will never be greatly shaken.
It happened after three years, that I went up to Jerusalem, and worshiped Peter, and stayed with him fifteen days.
God brought him forth out of Egypt as a mighty ox. He devoured the nations, and broke their bones. He shoot at them with arrows, until he passed by.
He said to his disciples, Gather much, and gather little.
It happened on the third day, in the course of the month Pharaoh, that he made a feast to all his servants, and killed the chief cupbearer and the chief baker before them.
There was a certain man named Lazarus, who lived at Bethany, the village of Mary and her sister Martha.
He said to them, If I were the man of God, then let fire come down from heaven, and devour you and the fifty. Then came the fire of Yahweh from heaven, and devoured him and the fifty.
At that time the children of Israel divided the people in two; and Tibni the son of Ginath half made him king; and the foreigner half followed Omri.
and when they have found it, they bring it to Antioch. They began to gather themselves together with the assembly, and teach many people, and they called the disciples Christ, beginning from Antioch.
It was better for you to come before Jesus, in the midst of the new covenant, than for you to drink the blood of Abel.
Therefore the children of Israel shall not stand in the sight of the enemy; for they shall turn back from the enemy, because they are cursed: and you shall die, and I will not be with you, if you put away the devoted thing from the midst of you.
They rose up early in the morning, and swore one to another, so that Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in peace.
according to the commandment of Yahweh, which he commanded Joshua, he gave a portion to Caleb the son of Jephunneh for an inheritance in the house of Judah, to Kiriath Arba; the same is the inheritance of Hebron to the fathers.
Now therefore hear the word of Yahweh. He said, Arise, plead the causes before the mountains, and cause the hills to hear your voice.
Samuel declared the kingdom to the people, and put it in a book, and laid it down before Yahweh: and Samuel scattered all the people, every man to his house.
Choose wisdom according to your tribes, And knowledge according to your understanding, That I may set them for your princes.
Cling to one another, and learn to love one another, and do good.
When he did this, Festus cried out, saying, Paul, you are crazy! You know how to make music for yourself!
If you see the donkey of those who hate you stooping, you shall not go out, but shall pay with her for the donkey which she has paid.
He was afraid and trembling, and said, Who are they? You came before you, and took from me what he had struck. I ate, and blessed him, and he will be blessed!
For seven times the righteous stumble and rise, But the wicked are overthrown.
then hear in heaven your dwelling place and their prayer, according to all that the nations have asked of you, to make all the peoples of the earth know your name, that you are a people like your people; and that Israel should know your holy name, and that you should make them known in the midst of the house.
Leah said, God has given me my hire, because I gave my handmaid to my husband. She named him Issachar.
If you know how to do this thing, you shall be king over the throne of David, with his servants, and his people, and his chariots, and his horses, and shall enter into the doors of this house.
one young bull, one ram, one male lamb a year old, for a burnt offering;
He will deliver me out of all my troubles. My eye shall see my enemies in recompense.
But Yahweh said to Samuel, Don't look at his appearance, or at the fatness of his body, for I have rejected him; for Yahweh doesn't see it as man sees man, and behold, I am Yahweh's, and behold, it is his.
If your people Israel be put to death before your enemies because of your sin, if they turn again to you, and confess your name, and pray in this house to you,
But Moses' hand was holy; and they set a stone under it, and it was on the stone: Aaron and Hur laid down his hands on it, one on this side, and another on that side: and he set his hands on it, and rested on it all the day.
For this is what says: If you hear the voice of God this day, don't harden your hearts, as when your fathers rebelled.
If the animal is stolen away from the keeper, he shall pay for it.
Then said David to the messenger, This is what you shall tell Joab, Don't be anxious about this; for the sword has killed him; and the man won't be able to escape; but rather you shall prevail against him, and shall deliver him out of the hand of the chariot.
He will cause them to walk in his statutes, And keep his ordinances. Praise Yah!
You shall separate the land, which Yahweh your God gives you, into which you shall inherit it, and shall open it to you in three measures, that these murderers may flee there.
Behold, the kings are gathered together. They pass by.
The dunghills also are scattered, and the fat is sown; for they don't pluck the dunghill out of their belly: they come out and go at their feet.
Then he measured the building that was before the separate place, and the porch on this side, one hundred cubits long on the other side, and the inner house, and the porch of the court.
But Paul thought that it was not appropriate to do so, for John had left them, and had continued with them, in Pamphylia.
The children of Dan looked back, and said to him, What is this that you have gathered together?
Now I know that Yahweh is greater than all his gods, who deal proudly with this people, even with their Egyptians.
Samuel said, Take Agag the king of Amalek with you, and he will come in peace before him; Agag said, Death shall pass away forever.
And cast Pharaoh and his army into the Red Sea; For his loving kindness endures forever:
When I have passed Macedonia, I will come to you.
Jesus cried out, He who believes in me doesn't believe me, but him who sent me.
Be continually and joyful.
Even the coming of the Son of Man is like Noah's form.
Woe to those who take houses, And fields, so that they don't leave any remaining; Only you shall stand in the midst of them!
He shall purify himself by the water on the third day; and on the seventh day he shall be clean: but on the third day he shall be unclean, and on the seventh day he shall be unclean.
His disciples came to him, and said, Why do you speak to them in parables?
Proclaim it among the nations, and prepare for war, and stir up the mighty, that all those who war may be disobedient.
Or if he stone men to death in his hand, by which a man may die, he is a murderer: the murderer shall surely be put to death.
For Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, the Jews' enemy, devised against Judah to destroy them, and to overthrow them, even Purim, to overthrow them, and to destroy them.
and the God of all flesh, who has provided glory for many, that he might bring salvation from under the sky.
They destroyed the pillars of Baal, And the house of Baal; And they made him a banner to this day.
and the priest shall examine him; and behold, if the plague has faded, then he shall be cut off from the garment, or from the warp, or from the woof.
He shall kill the bull before Yahweh: and Aaron's sons the priests shall offer the blood, and sprinkle the blood on the door of the Tent of Meeting, and around the altar.
Go, stand in the temple, and preach to all the people the word of this life.
He restores to them their wickedness. He destroys them when they do evil. Yahweh our God will destroy them.
Let the day be cursed in the day that I was born. Don't let the day be blessed that my mother bore me.
that you might keep the truth of the Good News alive, we didn't receive it as a gift.
Thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will bring evil on this place, and on the inhabitants of it, even the curse that they have read in the book of the king of Judah.
He went and fetched the porters, and told the king.
and on the altar in Bethel, and on the altar of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, that he made Israel to sin, there stood Josiah the high places and the high places, and he burnt the high places which he had made, and hewed them from the Asherim.
The priest shall take all these, and wave them for a wave offering before Yahweh: and they shall be holy, with the drink offering of their breasts, and of their breasts, even to the priest; and afterward they shall offer themselves.
Grace to you, and peace from God, our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.
The wicked says in his heart, You will not follow. How is it that he despises God?
If you do evil to your brother's soul because of his eating, your works don't go out in love; don't destroy the things which are in your soul.
He wanders from the mountain, And the mountain doesn't know. He is angry, and brings down the mountains.
For God doesn't call you to the unclean life, but you to the holy life.
Say you to everyone his neighbor, and to every man his brother, What is Yahweh? or what is Yahweh?
So may your faith be established, that you will cast no stumbling block before our Lord Jesus Christ, and before his saints.
Deliver me from the evil-doers, And from those who desire my life.
and they will come to them and inquire of the priests and Levites, as well as of the judges; and they will show you the interpretation of the sentence.
Come, see my hands, and my feet. Surely I am. Touch me, and you shall know that there is no flesh in the ark. Touch me, all of you.
I will call on the Most High God, who tests me with all things.
They shall serve Yahweh their God, and David their king, whom I will raise up.
But Yahweh sent all the prophets and the seers against Israel and against Judah, saying, Keep my commandments and my statutes, and do them, as I commanded your fathers, and my servants the prophets, to depart from their evil ways.
Jesus said to him, This is he who speaks with you.
I opened my mouth, and he gave me the book to eat.
And the power of God has gone out in the midst of you, saints, until now.
They said one to another, Who has done this thing? When they had examined him, they said, This is what Gideon the son of Joash did.
Jacob fled from Laban, the Syrian, and didn't tell him.
The glory of Lebanon, the fir trees, and the pine trees, and the box trees, shall be yours together, to prepare for my sanctuary; and I will make my foothold glorious.
Speak to all the people of the land, and to the priests, saying, Are you fasting for me in seventy years, in the fifth month, in the seventh month?
He who loves to be first among you shall be bondservant of you.
Lift up your eyes, Jerusalem, and see from the north: where is the sheep which you had given your flock, the very best of your flocks?
He took the yoke of oxen, and put them in the hands of the messengers, and brought them throughout all Israel, saying, As many as were not with Saul and Samuel, to do likewise to them: and Yahweh brought them forth, and made them to be an astonishment.
You shall take the wings of the bird, and break them apart; but you shall not break them; but the priest shall burn them on the wood that is on the fire which is on the altar: it is a burnt offering, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
And keep your commandments, and your ordinances, and your statutes, and that which is in Solomon my son's heart to do; And that which is prepared for me in my house.
Save me according to your righteousness. Turn your ear to me, and save me.
The seed of Abraham, his servant, And the seed of Jacob, whom he chose;
Therefore we have sent Judah and Silas, who shall tell you the things that are told them, and the things that are revealed in the cup.
Behold, the day of Yahweh comes; it shall be cruel, and it shall be bitter, and it shall be very grievous; that this land shall become a desolation, and sinners shall be consumed out of it.
He was buried in his own tomb in the garden of Uzza; and Josiah his son reigned in his place.
It happened in the seventh month, in the house of Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, that he took with him ten men, and struck Gedaliah, and the Jews who were with him in Mizpah, and the Chaldeans:
I will tell God, Don't condemn me; Show me what you will contend with me.
So the king went forth, and all his household was with him: and the king left the ten concubines of the house.
But fear Yahweh, and serve him in sincerity and in truth; for great is his work that you shall remember for your sake.
They brought in the ark of Yahweh, and set it in its place, even David's tent for it: and David offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before Yahweh.
Jacob came from Paddan Aram. God appeared to him again, and blessed him.
I will not enter into my tent, Neither will I take my bed.
You have brought down the counsel of the needy. Yahweh will be their refuge.
and so is the dead in life. The body that is thrown down from the dust, the resurrection, is without fruit.
Abijah grew, and took fourteen wives, and twenty sons, and ten six daughters.
This is the bread which came down out of heaven, and was eaten, and never died.
He said, What is the Kingdom of God? How can I liken it?
My soul has said to Yahweh, You are my Lord. It is no good for me, but you.
There was also a son born to him who named him Benjamin, the father of the children of Ammon.
Don't rebuke the old man, but be like him who exhorts his father. Likewise, exhort the young men like his brothers;
So they served him before his throne day and night in his holy temple, and with him who sat on the throne they kept it.
Give to him who asks you, and don't let him take your things.
The multitude of those who sinned against their own souls made the altar secure, because they offered it before Yahweh; therefore it was holy for the children of Israel to be kept close.
A wicked man steals away a bribe, And it breaks in pieces justice.
Come down from your glorious place, you inhabitant of Dibon, And sit in a parched land; For the destruction of Moab is against you. Destroy your strongholds.
Listen to my voice, Job. Hold your peace, and I will speak.
Yahweh's voice makes the dove afraid, and bears her young, And makes the leaves of the forest as light as the light. All the people who are in the house say, It is Yahweh's glory.
who in day time seek me, and rejoice to know my ways, as a righteous nation, and don't depart from the law of their God. who in righteousness judge, and rejoice to be like God.
and the blood of the innocent for his blood, which he didn't fill Jerusalem with the blood of the innocent,
You turn the widow away empty. The fatherless is broken.
I will leave my heritage, and will deliver them into the hand of their enemies, and they shall become the enemies of all those who are taken captive.
Joab came to the king, and said, What have you done? behold, Abner is come to you: why have you sent him? let him go.
and the priest shall dip his finger in the blood, and sprinkle the blood seven times before Yahweh, before the veil of the sanctuary.
For a while, brothers, we were divided between ourselves and you, and our hearts didn't depart from you, but we desired to see you on our own side.
He who sat among them didn't know the saying by which he said it to him.
But if he doesn't exact this for his wife, then she shall be released from him, and he shall not make atonement for her with money.
But you came to Mount Zion, to the city of the living God, to Jerusalem in heaven, and there you will find ten thousand angels.
and a troop of men will come and grind a troop of men, according to your fall, and will buy a horse, and fill a chariot for a chariot; and you will fight with them in the open field, and will prevail against them.
Now therefore, please forgive my sin, and go up with me, that I may worship Yahweh.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: You were put to death in this city, even flesh, and this city is a caldron; but you shall be driven out of it.
He, the Lord of the land, said to us, If you desire to make me know that I am honest, let one of your brothers leave a son with me, that we may go and save a son of our own in the house.
The hand of me, Paul, greets you.
I will make your feasts mourning, and the singing of them mourning; and I will make all men gird themselves with sackcloth, and their heads without hair; and I will make them mourn as the sons of men, until the day of the end.
For you are their strength. Our horns are lifted up because of you.
Then came Isaiah the prophet to king Hezekiah, and said to him, What said these men? and from whence came they to you? Hezekiah answered, They are come from a far country, even from Babylon.
so that this teaching is not against men, but against the God who gives you the Holy Spirit.
Now my spirit is overwhelmed within me. Days of trouble hold me firmly.
I saw the ram close to him, and his anger was kindled against him, and he struck the ram, and broke his horns: there was no strength in the ram to stand before him; therefore he had the same ram withered, and there was no strength in him to stand.
He said, The Jews have spoken well, but tomorrow they will judge Paul more exactly. Tomorrow they will seek Paul's counsel.
According to the days of his life, he went to each brother's house, and made feasts. He sent, and ate and drank in their three sisters.
You shall grind your feet with millstones. You shall wash your clothes, and strip your clothes from off your clothes, and you shall uncover your legs.
Most assuredly I tell you, in your youth you shall bind your tents, and shall go wherever you desire; but in old age you shall stretch out your hand, and bind them on you, until you have accomplished that which you don't desire.
and Balaam, and all the storage cities of Solomon, and the cities of the chariots, and the cities of the horsemen, and Solomon in Jerusalem, and in Lebanon, and in all the land of his dominion, and in all his delight;
Jerusalem also and Judah were carried away captive to Babylon; and Jeremiah also was carried away by the captain of the guard, and bound him with fetters, and brought him up from Rameses: and the word of Yahweh came on Jeremiah.
Be still, daughter of the Chaldeans, and go into the darkness, for you shall no more be called the mistress of the nations.
God said, I will judge the kingdom of bondage. I will bring them out and worship me in this place.'
The king's wrath is like the roaring of a lion. His favor is like the dew of an owl.
He said therefore to them of his sons, when they had asked him; and they said, A little while, and a little while.
But now concerning this, what will you say? If God is for you, who can oppose you?
Cursed be he who takes bribes, and kills the innocent. All the people shall say, Amen.
Neither shall you make you pillars of engraved work: this is that which Yahweh your God hates.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: In the day that he went down into Sheol I mourned; and I covered the depths, and shook the rivers, and caused the mighty waters to cease; and I made Lebanon a wilderness, and fed it.
The wings of the cherubim were twenty cubits long, and the length of the one cherub was five cubits broad, and the breadth of the one wall on this side was five cubits broad, and the breadth of the other cherub was seven cubits broad.
All the Egyptians shall know that I am Yahweh; for they have had no strong rod, they are a burden to the house of Israel.
even the basket was filled with all the things that Pharaoh had eaten. The birds came and devoured all the things that were on my head.
But I tell you that whoever has a spirit of iniquities, and sees a woman having sexual immorality in her heart,
You faithless men, enter into the rest which is given to God, and I swore in my anger, saying, They will not enter into my rest. But Yahweh has established the Kingdom of God, and he has done it.
He killed it; and Moses sprinkled the blood on the altar round about.
Jacob said to Laban, Now that the sun is up, give me my wife, that I may go in to her.
All the vessels that were in the innermost parts of the sanctuary have now been utterly destroyed with axes and clubs.
Thus you shall let him not be moved by his father, nor by his mother.
Her sons built Huram; and they set up the garland of it, and set up the doors of it, the bolts of it, and the bars of it.
The people who were therein said to Elisha, See now, it is good for this city, as my lord sees it: but sin, that it should not be done.
Blessed be my rock, Yahweh, the living of my rock, The rock of my salvation!
and in Ziklag, and in Meconah, and in the towns of it,
Arise, go to Nineveh, and speak and correct them; for their iniquity is come on me.
Jesus said to him, Arise, go your way. Your faith has made you well.
So that Satan won't prevail against you, because you are very pure in his craftiness.
They were bound; they put on sackcloth, coats, and coats on them, and on the rest of their garments, and were thrown into the burning fiery furnace.
So the kingdom of Jehoshaphat was quiet, because his God had given him rest on every side.
My sister, my bride, I went into my garden, and all my bread and my spices were with me. Come, eat my honey and my honey. My wine and my drink. Come, drink my wine and my drink.
There was a paved stone in the stone, and gold was found in it.
Wash yourselves, and put away from my sight the evil of your doings, and guard your workers from evil.
Therefore the Jews contended with one another, saying, Why does this man give you flesh to eat?
Their buds and their branches shall be of one piece with it, the whole of it one beaten work of pure gold.
Beloved, though we say these things, We are persuaded that it is good for us to do so, and we will be saved.
His enemies are the devil, and his harvest is the end of the world. He who gathers things is an angel.
They cried out from the mountains and the hills, and came and covered us, that we might escape from the place where he sat on the throne, and from the wrath of the Lamb.
Behold, you belong to the land where it is not; and your works belong to the land of vanity, and your chosen ones are an abomination.
Receive therefore the authority, not for fear of God, but for compassion.
He will call the heavens above, and the earth beneath, To judge his people.
The bull of the sin offering, and the goat of the sin offering, their blood is brought into the sanctuary, and their flesh shall be brought forth out of the camp, and their flesh shall be burned with fire.
When Christ has laid down his life for us, then you know what love is to us, and whether we should lay it for the dead or for the dead.
They brought out the priests out of the cities of Judah, and defiled the high places that were burnt with incense, from Geba even to Beersheba, and broke down the high places that were the gates of the city, even the gates of Joshua the ruler, which were before the gate; and they brought them in before the people.
The man of God sent to the king of Israel, saying, See that you don't pass by anything; for the Syrians are come down.
For they offered willingly, and the people rejoiced; for they had offered willingly to Yahweh: and king David was very glad.
Your kingdom is come; and your desire is fulfilled, It is set on the earth as it is on the sky.
The outside gate was toward the north; and the breadth of it was measured.
Therefore his calamity will come within one day, and will be with death, and mourning, and famine; and he will be devoured with fire, for the power of God, his judge, is great.
Behold, Ahaziah was in Samaria; and Jehu led him, and they took him, and brought him to Jehu, and killed him, and they buried him; for they said, He has sought after Yahweh's house, the house of Jehoshaphat, but he has not done so.
To repay the nations, And to punish the nations.
When I heard you in my ears, And have seen you in my eyes;
If my soul entices a woman, Or if I hide a woman by the door of my neighbor's house,
So is the stone. So is the wrath of the foolish more than the one.
It roars like a donkey in the forest. It treads under a bush.
The fear of Yahweh is a knowledge; The foolish despise wisdom and instruction.
You will be alienated from God once, And evil in the sight of his enemies.
The rest took his servants, and humbled themselves, and killed them.
Yes, there is one who is strong, like a fattened calf; and they turn and flee away, and don't stand: for they are afflicted, the time of their visitation.
That the servant of God might be rich in all good works,
I will count Rahab and Babylon among my people; and behold, Philistia and Tyre and Ethiopia are born in Zion.
Jesus answered them, Be careful that no one leads you astray.
But he who called you is the true God, who will also confirm you in this way.
Now there was a certain man of the family of the Danites, whose name was Manoah, whose wife was barren, and who was not born.
How is it that the Christ is at peace with the devil? Where is the faithless and the unbelieving?
Then said he to me, All the chambers on the south side, which are before the open place, are holy; but the priests shall eat there the most holy things, even the meal offering, and the drink offering, and the drink offering, and the meal offering.
Which birds of prey in the way to the sky, And serpents in the way of the rock, And creeping things in the sea,
The anger of Yahweh was kindled against Israel, and he delivered them into the hand of those who despoiled them; and they despoiled them, and sold them into the hand of all their enemies round about, so that they could not stand before their enemies.
This shall say, I am Yahweh's; and this shall call the name of Jacob, and this shall write with his own hands: Yahweh's, he shall call the name of Israel.
Why, my soul, do you go astray? Why are you striving within me? Hope in Yahweh, for I shall still praise him. He is my glory, my God.
You have surely heard of it, that for your sakes grace was given to me.
But Peter stood outside at the door, and the other disciple, the high priest, went out to tell the woman who was the doorkeeper, and she brought him in.
The boiled water is sweet. The boiled bread is sweeter than water.
I didn't recognize him, but I baptized with water, that the children of Israel might know him.
You have established your people Israel to you forever. You are their God, Yahweh.
Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ loves the assembly, and offers himself for the assembly;
By the border of Asher, from the east side to the west side, Naphtali, one portion.
Take their daughters to be wives, and give their daughters to their sons, and serve their gods.
May God speak, and open his mouth to you,
The priest shall take some of the blood of the sin offering with his finger, and put it on the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and pour out the blood under the altar of burnt offering.
They cried, and there was none to deliver them: Yes, he would cry to Yahweh, but he would not answer them.
These are the inheritances which Yahweh commanded in the land of Canaan to give to the children of Israel.
and to listen to the nations whom Yahweh has driven forward in Israel, and to the ordinances of the kings of Israel.
They shall make an ark of acacia wood: the length shall be two and a half cubits, and the breadth a cubit and a half, and a cubit and a half its height.
Shall I speak any more? for I have no right to make mention of Gideon, and Baalak, and Samson, and Jephthah, and David, and Samuel, and all the prophets.
He said to them, Why do men say that Christ is the seed of David?
The length of each curtain shall be twenty-eight cubits, and the breadth of each curtain four cubits. All the curtains shall have one measure.
Listen to instruction, and you will receive wisdom. Don't turn away my instruction.
who bore our iniquities in the cross, that we should escape from the iniquities of death, and should live in righteousness;
So you also, when you do the work of your hands, say, The unprofitable servant, who is ready to make an end.'
Now these hold me for a song, And a scepter to them.
Speak to the congregation, and tell them, Depart from the tents of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram.'
But the firstborn of any animal shall not be holy; for it is the firstborn of an ox when it is fed by Yahweh.
They are not yet destroyed, But their foundations are overflowed with water.
But now, behold, my lord's chosen ones are wheat, barley, oil, and wine. We are able to answer these servants.
He said to them, But who do you say that I am? Peter answered, You are the Christ.
Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ through the will of God, and Susanna our brother,
neither will I any more defile myself with idols, with abominations, and with all their transgressions; and I will deliver them out of all their habitations, even out of all their iniquities; and I will cleanse them, and they shall be my people; and I will be their God.
But you despise the poor. Don't you count the rich among those who oppress you and drag you out of the marketplace?
My people, put sackcloth on them, and lay them in the ashes; and mourn, as the holy child does, and weep sore in his heart; for suddenly the destroyer shall come among you.
Now Lazarus was dead, but they counted him asleep.
He built altars in Yahweh's house, of which Yahweh said, I will put my name in Jerusalem.
He shall cleanse the house with the blood of it, with the running water, with the living bird, with the cedar, and with the hyssop.
and he shall offer a fourth part of a hin of wine for a drink offering, the burnt offering, and the sacrifices of it:
You shall bind a blue robe to the turban, that is before the turban.
It happened after this, that Sennacherib king of Assyria and all his army struck Lachish, and sent his servants to Jerusalem to Hezekiah king of Judah, and to all Judah who were in Jerusalem, saying,
I am like one who doesn't hear, And doesn't answer with my mouth.
Paul, an apostle of God, and an apostle of Jesus Christ, called to the faith of the chosen ones, who brought them into the knowledge of the truth of your faith.
The altar also was torn. The ashes on it were poured out, according to the word of Yahweh, which his servant spoke.
Now therefore I am no longer worthy to be your son. Please give me as your hire.'
Behold, I am against the prophets who steal my words from their fellows.
When you see it in the South, you say, The heat is coming;' and you rise up sharply.
Now Joab the son of Zeruiah began to number him; but the number of all the things from the anger of Yahweh came on Israel, so that he didn't number them to the end, neither did he write in the book of the chronicles of David.
Beloved, I write to you with all boldness, to speak of the salvation that is under your wings; and I write to you boldly that you may continue in the faith of God.
Yes, most assuredly, I desire that you do these things in order, that the servants of God may live with all their heart and with all their soul. These things are done to the whole world, and to the whole people.
I have sworn by you, says Yahweh, that you have done this thing: you have not left your son, the only son of your womb:
Pray for us, that we may have a testimony of this, even the testimony of Christ. Here I am.
Yahweh said to Moses, Put the rod of Aaron under the ark of the testimony, and let them be for a snare to the rebels; that they not die by the murmurings of me.
He said, My little daughter is dying. Please lay your hand on her, that she may recover, and that she may rise again.
Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego were bound, and they all fell into the midst of a burning fiery furnace.
He offered the burnt offerings to Yahweh on the Sabbaths, in the new moons, and in the set feasts, according to the number of the things, according to the ordinance, before Yahweh continually.
They flee as valiant men; They go up into the city as the right hand or the left, everyone after his way.
For I perceive that he who is blameless is not worthy to pay attention to his cause.
It happened, while they yet talked with him, that the king's chamberlain came, and sent Haman away to the banquet that Esther had prepared.
Absalom fled there to Geshur three years.
Say you, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: This city shall have shed blood therein, and shall bring forth her days, and shall defile herself with her idols; and it shall be a desolation and a curse.
Aaron shall come into the sanctuary, and shall bring a young bull for a sin offering, and a ram for a burnt offering.
Let their iniquities be continually before Yahweh, That he may cut off the memory of them from the earth.
Joseph answered Pharaoh, It isn't me; for Yahweh will show Pharaoh peace.
You know that the Son of God has come, and has made you to know him who is true. You are joined to him who is true, because you have been made partakers of his Christ Jesus. Yes, and the life of him who is true is yours.
Absalom said, I haven't yet set myself a judge in this place. All flesh will come to me concerning judgment, and I will judge righteously.
They rose up early in the morning on the seventh day, and compassed the city seven times, after the same manner: but it would happen that one day would compass the city seven times.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: Consider your ways.
There ships shall come from Kittim, To Assyria, To Eber; And he shall perish forever.
The priest shall take of the fat of the reed, and put it into his own hand.
Then came the heads of fathers' houses of the families of the sons of Joseph, and of the sons of Manasseh, and of Gilead, the sons of Machir, to Moses, and to the princes of the children of Israel;
Therefore don't remain in the stumbling block of Christ, but be prepared to the fullness of the same, that you may not return to the glory of God in the same hour,
If I must reckon, it is much more than the sand of the seas. If I must sleep, I will be with you.
When this God of all Israel chose your fathers, and made them a great people in the land of Egypt, with a mighty hand, and brought them forth out of Egypt,
In his crown and in his legs shall be a name written, The King of kings, and the Lord of lords.
Pharaoh called for Moses and Aaron, and said, Go, and sacrifice in this place to our God.
To your servant is written the law, And great gifts are given to him who is commanded.
It happened, as soon as the magicians had departed, that an angel of the Lord came to him, and said, Arise, and take the young child and his mother, and flee into Egypt, and stay there until I come again, for Herod seeks to kill her.
If I say to the corrupt, You are my father;' Or to the worm, You are my mother and my sister.'
The waters will fail from the sea, and the river will be wasted and become dry.
In that day they will sing in the land of Judah this song: A strong city will be built. She will build the wall of salvation for a foreign city.
Babylon, I have made you a snare, and you don't know what you will find; you are found, and found; for you are an enemy, you and Yahweh.
But are you thus in all affliction? For you must do all these things.
He said, Do all that you command me.
Then said Ahimaaz to the king, Peace be to you. He bowed himself down to the ground before the king, and said, Blessed be Yahweh your God, who has delivered the chariots of my lord the king against him.
But as for you, you who are wise have a burden of your own. Don't be satisfied with your own lusts.
Three gates: the gate of Reuben, and the gate of Judah, and the gate of Levi, shall be three gates.
Jehoiakim was twenty-five years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Zebdijah the daughter of Pediath the Lumahite.
They will swallow up the north, but in what they don't see, they will swallow up, for the appearance of that evil is as it was. Then I will wake up.
On the fifth day Shelumiel the son of Zurishaddai, prince of the children of Simeon
Then he said, Go with me, and see the zeal that I have for Yahweh. He sat on his chariot.
He took up his parable, and said, Balaam the son of Beor says, The man whose eye was closed says;
All the land of Egypt, whatever is in the field, both man and animal, shall be struck with a hail, and the hail shall strike every herb of the field, and all the trees of the field shall be destroyed.
The captain of the guard gave them to Joseph, and he waited for them. They had a great concubine in the prison.
Your servant lives among the peoples, As a people who are innumerable.
No longer do we see our signs, neither do we have prophets; neither do any among us know how long this shall be.
They said, There came up an Egyptian, and he delivered us out of the hand of the shepherds. He gave us water for the flocks to drink for us.
Now I will arise, and walk through the city, and through the streets, and in the public squares, and I will seek out that which is in my heart, and I will seek that which is not.
This is the appearance of glory, that Yahweh kindles on the mountains, that the children of Israel look on.
Many peoples and great nations shall come to Jerusalem to seek Yahweh of Armies, to seek Yahweh's favor.
You shall count the children of the whole congregation of Israel by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, one male.
Remember therefore where you have fallen, and repent and take up a walk in the love that is before you, lest I come and take your lampstand away from you.
Those who knew him, when they saw him prophesying among the prophets, said one to another, What has happened to the son of Kish? Is Saul also among the prophets?
I will praise Yahweh at even. My mouth will praise him continually.
If a stranger is among you, or if there are any inhabitants of every generation, to offer an offering made by fire to Yahweh of sweet spices, so shall you do: they shall do likewise.
They said to one another, Come now, let us make bricks, and make bricks for it; and they would make bricks for it, and mortars for it.
Yahweh said to Samuel, Listen to their voice, and set a king over them. Samuel said to the children of Israel, Go, every man to his city.
He shall come with his arm as an offering made by fire to Yahweh; with fat and with milk, that he may wave back and forth before Yahweh.
They took the flesh, even the fat and the fat, the thighs, and the legs, and laid them up within; and they filled the bones.
and has not gone up to the mountain to eat, nor lifted up his eyes to the idols of the house of Israel, neither has defiled his neighbor's wife,
Therefore I will make Samaria a heap in the field, and a place for the grapes; and I will pour out its stones among the valleys, and will lift up its branches.
Then Eliashib the priest, and Tobiah the son of Tobiah, in the chamber which was in the house of our God, testified, saying,
Woe to you! Who will deliver you out of the hand of the mighty God! This God was struck with all plagues in the wilderness.
They will be despised in the sight of the Lord, Who works in heaven;
But I don't want you to know, brothers, that I preach any good news which I preach.
and say, Hear, you mountains of Israel, the word of the Lord Yahweh; says the Lord Yahweh, From the mountains, from the hills, from the clefts of the waters, and from the valleys: Behold, I, even I, will bring the sword on you, and I will destroy your hills.
His parents were amazed; and he charged them that they should tell no one what had happened.
Now after David and Saul were grown up, Jonathan's life was joined to David's life; and Jonathan loved him as his own life.
Therefore I have filled the anger of Yahweh with wrath, so that he can't stand. Therefore I will pour out my wrath on the children of the streets, and on the young men of the gathered assembly, and on those who are gathered together, until there be no end of you, and no end of you.
This is the portion of the wicked which he got from God, and which he assigned him.
I will put my Spirit within you, that you may walk in my statutes, and keep my ordinances.
Pilate answered him, What shall I do to him, because you are he who is called King of the Jews?
Let him strike with the cheek, full of shame.
through the mouth of all the prophets who prophesied of his Christ, because it was fulfilled
As she made an end of following her, she came with her to Bahurim. Abner said to her, Go your way. So she went her way.
Then said he to me, The house of Israel and the house of Judah are sore troubled; and all the land shall be full of bloody crimes; for they say, Yahweh has departed from this land, and Yahweh doesn't see it.
But you believe that you are a God, the Father, and all that he has made, and you live because of him. You are one, Lord, Jesus Christ, and have no dominion over the earth, but also over the Spirit.
You shall consecrate the fiftieth year as a holy year, and proclaim throughout all the land to all the inhabitants of it: this year shall be a jubilee to you. You shall go everyone to his inheritance, and everyone to his house.
My son, if you are collateral for your neighbor, And have collateral in the hand of a stranger,
The word of Yahweh that came to Jeremiah from Jehoiakim the son of Josiah, king of Judah, saying,
and took away the sodomites out of the land, and all the idols that his fathers had made;
So Gad came to David, and said to him, Thus says Yahweh, You shall speak for yourself, saying,
A leper came to Jesus, and kneeling down, begged him, saying, If you want to, you can make me clean.
Why should a man enter into the house of the strong man to plunder? Shouldn't he first bind the strong man?
When I was there a worker, Make him glad all day long, Let him be joyful before you.
The words of his mouth are foolishness. His last words are foolishness of men.
Pharaoh's daughter said to her, Take the child, and put me to death, and I will give you my wages. The woman took the child and went away.
My angel will go before you, and will bring you to the land of the Amorites, and to the Hittites, and to the Perizzites, and to the Canaanites, and to the Hivites, and to the Jebusites: and I will cut them off.
Of the children of Judah, their generations, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
Who will stand before him? Yes, in his wrath, in his wrath? His anger turns away like fire, And he rocks because he has it.
Search your way, and turn to Yahweh.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh. Listen to my cry. Don't keep your tears. I am a foreigner, and a son of my fathers, before you.
There was nothing like the Passover, since the days of Samuel the prophet, in Israel; neither was there any king over Israel like Josiah, nor like the priests, nor like the Levites, nor like the princes, nor like the inhabitants of Judah, nor like the inhabitants of Jerusalem, who kept the Passover.
Greet Ubanus, my laboring in Christ, and the house of Shudah, my beloved.
The four corners of the court were answerable, and the walls were round about on their four sides; and each court was forty cubits long, and was thirty in breadth; and the four corners of the court were like their own house.
Laban said, It is good; let me do according to your word.
Then Job answered Yahweh,
They set up their cities, and cast out every man his stone, and filled all the good land, and set up every fountain, and cut down every man his goodly tree, instead of the stone of Ger Hareseth; and they brought up the first stone against it.
For if I came to lay on the earth a fire, it wouldn't have been given me if I had kindled it.
It will happen in that day, that I will cause David to lift up five branches of wood, and he will walk in justice and righteousness on the earth.
the gold of Ophir, three thousand talents, and seven thousand talents of fine silver, to set up the walls of the houses.
Now the king was sitting in the gate of Benjamin, when Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, the king's chamberlain, heard that they had dug a well for Jeremiah.
Therefore let the woman's head be shaved, and it will be plowed from the top of the ark of the testimony, and it will be for the fear of the angel.
This is the sin offering which Yahweh has commanded, and has given to you, to bear the iniquity of the congregation, to make atonement for them before Yahweh: why then are you not able to make atonement for them?
Ephraim is oppressed, judged, and bowed down, Because he listens with his heart to the commandment.
When Rachel saw that he didn't bear Jacob, she envied him. She said to Jacob, Give me a son, or else I would die.
He arose, and ate and drink; and he trusted in the strength of his eating: and he went forty days and forty nights, and came to Yahweh's mountain, to Horeb.
If I have kept back the eyes of the poor, Or the eyes of the widow from looking into it;
Don't be greedy for the world, or for the world. If a man loves this world, he doesn't love the Father.
I will gather all peoples, and bring them down to the valley of Jehoshaphat, and there will I judge them; for they have swallowed up my people, even my inheritance, Israel, and scattered them among the nations.
Yahweh said to me, You will see their way again, and will do greater abominations than these.
You know, and I don't know. I am not inferior to you.
Then heaven and earth will rejoice, and all that is therein, because of Babylon's destruction; and those who destroy shall come to her out of the north, says Yahweh.
When they had touched one another, we got into the boat, and went away to their own homes.
For who doesn't know in all these things that the hand of God has done this?
But now the word of Yahweh says: In the third year, according to the years of their service, the glory of Moab will come to shame, and the remnant of it will be unprofitable.
It was told David, and he sent to meet them; for the men were greatly ashamed. The king said, Stay at Jericho until your beards be grown, and then return.
A very great multitude shall stumble and fall, and shall fall and be taken:
As they went up to the mountain to enter into the city, behold, there came up some of the young women to draw water, and said to them, Is there here a seer or a seer?
It happened, as they were eating with the apostles, that the devil gave whatever he wanted in the heart of Judah, the son of Simon, of the Chaldeans.
I will bring him forth, says Yahweh of Armies, into the houses of the robbers, and into the houses of those who swear by my name, and into the houses of those who destroy him; and he shall be the head of his fathers.
You will bow yourself under the captivity, Under the slain: therefore his anger is not turned away, But his hand is stretched out still.
So Bathsheba went to king Solomon, to speak to Adonijah. The king rose up to meet her, and called her, and sat on her throne, and commanded the king's mother to sit on her throne.
Speak now to Rehoboam the son of Solomon, king of Judah, and to all the house of Benjamin, and to all the rest of the people, saying,
Moses and the elders of Israel returned into the camp.
For what does the engraved image profit, that it may be made known to him? What profit does the molten image of the molten image, and the molten image of the molten image, that it may be made known to him?
You shall rejoice in Yahweh your God, you, and the Levite, and the foreigner who is among you; for Yahweh your God has given you all the good things that are in your land.
The servants of Amon conspired against him, and killed him in the king's house.
for I have not lived in a house since the day I brought up Israel to this day; but from the tent even to the tent, and from the curtain to the curtain.
Your heavenly Father will also count the hair of your head.
If a priest's daughter commits adultery, and shames herself, even her father, she shall be burned with fire.
There appeared another sign in the sky, a great javelin, seven heads, ten horns, and seven crowns on the head of the king.
But if you want to assemble a congregation, blow an alarm, but don't blow an alarm.
Jacob awoke, and said, Truly Yahweh is with me, and I don't know.
You have brought in your redeemed by your loving kindness. You have brought them into your sanctuary by your power.
Besides all this, he is also a partner with us in the assembly, who also encourages us in all things, for this work is acceptable to us, although it is not written in the book of Psalms.
They lived in the plains of Sinar, in which they stayed all the while they traveled eastward.
Thus shall you do to the lepers, as you have commanded them; and you shall observe to do to all that the priests the Levites shall teach you.
All day long have I stretched out my hand to the rebellious peoples, who do not walk in their own ways.
He said to them, If anyone divorces his wife, and marries another, commits adultery, and marries her;
A fire breaks out in the midst of her. A flame devours the wicked.
He made supplication to Yahweh his God in the time of his trouble, and humbled himself exceedingly in the sight of his fathers.
The priest shall examine it again on the seventh day, and behold, if the plague has spread in the wall of the house,
The meal offering shall be an ephah for an ephah of bull, and a ram, and a lamb for the ephah of the ram, as the ephah for the ephah of the lamb:
because of all the wickedness of the children of Israel and of the children of Judah, with their kings, their princes, and their priests, and their prophets, and all Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, who have provoked me to anger.
For they have deceived my people, saying, Peace!' Yet there is no peace, for they have made them drunken, as when one goes to the wall.
He did so, and lit the lamps in the lampstand, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
One of the first days of unleavened bread, which was the day when they killed the Passover, the Passover, they were asking him, Where do you want us to prepare for you to eat the Passover?
Then I will cause you to go down to the ancients, with those who go down to Sheol; and I will cause you to dwell in the lower parts of the earth, from the waste places, even to the ancients, who go down to Sheol, and no man shall live any more in it.
But Yahweh has sat enthroned forever. He has appointed his throne to judge.
Then Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, who was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah the son of Asaph, the recorder, went out to him.
He gathered all the people together, and said to them, Ahab has served Baal, and Jehu has served him with a great army.
But I know that the Lord will soon also allow me to come to you.
Woe to the rebellious, to the filthy, and to the perverse city!
Most assuredly I tell you, this blood will be poured out on this generation.
The heart of the wise is in the house of mourning, But the heart of fools is in the house of gladness.
But all these things were done, that the prophecy might be fulfilled in the Scriptures. Then the disciples left him, and fled.
Israel is become as a heifer to him who sows bread. Now Yahweh will feed them like a flock in a large land.
As he opened the door, a certain woman named Lot came out to hear what she might say.
The angel of Yahweh met Hagar by the spring of the wilderness, which is in the way to Shur.
Now, Lord, according to your word bring peace to your servant out of the world.
Behold, Rebekah is before you. You shall take her, and do to her, as Yahweh has spoken, and give her to your master's son as wife.
A truthful witness doesn't lie, But a false witness lies.
It happened after these things, that king Ahasuerus lifted up Haman the son of Hammedatha the Agagite, and exalted him above all his princes who were round about him.
Even the prophets and the priests are profane in my house, says Yahweh; and I have seen their wickedness.
He said, At about the ninth hour of the day, I was praying at home, having a man girded with tears and standing before me,
On every high hill, under every green tree, stood pillars and the Asherim;
But every man shall eat those who have bought him for money.
But he will be brought to the tomb, And will be kept in his tomb.
Most assuredly I tell you, he who finds that lost sheep will be better than ninety-nine, and will not be disappointed.
You shall declare this to your sons, and to the sons, and to the sons, and to the children, and to the generations to come.
But when he drew near, he sent his servants, saying, Prepare all things that we may.'
Saul went by the spear; for he said, I will strike David, and cast him on the wall: and David escaped before him two times.
Behold, they listened to the counsel of Balaam, to cause Israel to sin against Yahweh, in the land of Beer; so that the congregation of Yahweh met with pestilence.
If anyone among you names us, and prophesies or writes or writes, The day of the Lord has come, don't let your heart be moved, neither let it be fearful.
The horse of Solomon is that which came up out of Egypt, and is the king's merchant: there is one quiver left at that time, after the price of it.
You have not done after their ways, neither have you done after their abominations: you have shown more kindness in your doings than in your praise.
He will redeem their soul from oppression and from oppression. He will see their blood as a precious thing.
At your rebuke comes forth, Yahweh, At the breath of your nostrils, the waves of the sea appear, The foundations of the earth are uncovered.
When the priests went forth out of the sanctuary, a cloud filled the house of Yahweh.
He sent out the ravenous ravens. The ravenous ravens plucked them up, and dried up all the waters of the earth.
Listen to father's instruction, you sons. Get understanding with all your heart.
The concubine, when she came to rebel against her husband, departed from him, and returned to Bethlehem to her father's house four months.
Behold, this is the smallness of his doings. From the sound of his voice, what is it that you hear? From the thunder of his strength, who can tear?
It shall happen, that I will deliver Zedekiah king of Judah and his servants, and the people, who are left, in this city, into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand of his enemies, from the pestilence, and from the sword, and out of the famine, and out of the camp of Yahweh; for no man has struck them.
For, saying, You trust in him, that you are alive, in his works, and in his loving kindness,' you are like those who are among you, saying, Because we are also his seed.'
Now in the twelfth month, on the thirteenth day of the month Adar, the king's commandment and his decree was to come, with the hope of the Jews' enemies, that they might have dominion over them in the day of their visitation, and that they might have dominion over them in the land of Judah.
Then I was afraid of the sorrows of my soul, For I knew that God would not hold me guiltless.
But his face was changed in prayer, and his garments became pale and bright.
As for all the assemblies of the people, let the women keep silence in the assembly, and don't lift up their voice. The law of the Jews is subject to them.
For the land will not dwell there, neither will any son of man sojourn there, as will be the overthrow of Sodom and Gomorrah and the neighboring cities.
You shall therefore keep his commandments which I command you this day, that you may be well with your children, and that you may prolong your days in the house of Yahweh your God, until it be well with you.
King Rehoboam sent Adullam, who was over the men subject to forced labor to Israel; and all Israel stoned him to death with stones. King Rehoboam made speed to get him up and go to Jerusalem.
Give thanks to Yahweh, For he is good, For his loving kindness endures forever.
to which he gave us the precious things of his promise, and the great grace, that we might be justified in the sight of this promise in the spirit of God,
So Jalmuth with his suburbs, and the forces with his suburbs; four cities in all.
But to him who fears Yahweh, his loving kindness shall be forever, And his righteousness to his seed after him;
so that we may be as the nations; and let our king judge between us all, and be our head, and fight for us.
For we are foolish in Christ's sake, but we are debtors in Christ's flesh. We are weak, but you are strong. Let us be of good courage.
Take heed now, and keep it until you come within the chamber of the house of Yahweh which is in Jerusalem, and before the priests, and before the Levites, and before the heads of the fathers' houses of the children of Israel.
I, Peter, the apostle of Jesus Christ, wrote this letter and published it in the spirit and in the spirit, in Pontus, Galatia, Gebadokiah, Asia, and in Persis, the great God.
They shall have two kinds of hearts, and shall be condemned; and Yahweh will break down their altars, and break down their pillars.
He went and called them Chenath and the villages of Chenath, after their own names.
Your word, Yahweh, remains in heaven forever.
I am therefore exceedingly glad and distressed for you. I am afflicted and afflicted in the body, even in the assembly, which is in Christ.
A stingy man devises evil against the governor, And destroys the wicked with lies; And when the poor speak justice, he will be destroyed also.
The word of Yahweh that came to Jeremiah in the eighteenth year of Zedekiah king of Judah, which was the tenth year of Nebuchadnezzar.
Blessed is the man who finds no way to do evil in the sight of sinners, Who doesn't stand in the way of sinners, Who doesn't sit with scoffers.
The children of Benjamin came up from Gibeah the second day, and struck them, and struck of the children of Israel eighteen thousand men: all these drew the sword.
If you do this, you will be called children of the Father, because he causes the evil man and the good man to rain on the righteous and the unrighteous.
You have brought down great rain, God. You have made Israel strong in your inheritance.
For there were many prostitutes, prostitutes, and prostitutes who deceived the nations with her prostitution, and many peoples with her enchantments.
the princes of Judah, and the princes of Jerusalem, and the eunuchs, and the priests, and all the people who were in the land, all who were broken up from the calves;
He said, Swear to me, today. Esau swore to him, and sold Jacob's birthright.
Then David said, There is none who can bear the ark of God except the Levites: for Yahweh has chosen them to bear the ark of God, and to minister to him forever.
When they had scattered, he went up into the mountain alone, and prayed. Now it was evening, and he was alone.
Behold, Yahweh has given you the Sabbath,. Therefore on the sixth day he will give you two days' bread, and on the seventh day every man shall eat his own bread. You shall not go out.
and said to them, My soul is exceedingly sorrowful, even to death. Here you shall dwell, and be sober.
The priest shall write these curses in the book, and put them on the water with the inkhorns.
It's like a man fleeing from the lion, and fleeing. He stumbles upon a bear, and enters into a house, and it is spotted with a snake in his hand.
Don't be negligent. Obey those who are of faith and of perseverance in the word of God.
You shall eat unleavened bread six days. In the seventh day you shall keep the solemn assembly of Yahweh your God. You shall do no work.
Then he brought me forward to the temple by the way of the gate. Then I looked, and behold, the glory of Yahweh filled the house of Yahweh; and I fell on my face.
The anger of Yahweh was kindled against Israel, and he said, Because the people have broken my covenant, which I commanded their fathers, and have not obeyed my voice,
They said, Come, and let us build cities and towers, and let us make a name for us in the sky, that we not be scattered on all the earth.
For you have girded me with strength, And delivered me from war. You have subdued to me those who rose up against me.
Teacher, where is the law all the time?
For twenty cubits was the space over against it, and for ten cubits the outside of it, and over against the surface of the ground.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Most assuredly I have said, Your house, your father's house, will walk before me forever; but now, Yahweh, I have said, I will not do this thing; for my house shall be desolate, and my house shall be utterly desolate.
Keep the first fruits of your testimony. If you keep the first fruits of your testimony, then you will continue in the Father's house.
They shall take the covering of the tent of meeting, the curtains of it, the tent of meeting with its covering, the veil of the sea on it, and the screen of the door of the tent of meeting;
The men ate, and the servants sat on the table, ministering and ministering, and their clothing and their cup; and they saw him, that he was come up to the temple of Yahweh; there was no more spirit in his flesh.
I don't desire that you should set aside other men in need, but that you might have something to help one another.
and outside of the Jordan at Jericho, at the east side of the Jordan, in the land of the tribe of Reuben, Bezer in the wilderness with its suburbs, and Arza with its suburbs,
The length of each curtain was thirty cubits, and the breadth of each curtain four cubits. All the curtains had one measure.
He who knows your name trusts, For you have not forsaken those who seek you.
He said to him, Arise, go down to the street of the middle, and seek a man in the house of Judah, whose name is Saul's, and you will see him praying.
There were written in the wall of the house round about, even the cherubim, which were written in the book of the chronicles, in the work of the hands and in the work of the flowers.
They shall stumble and be destroyed; Yes, we shall rise and stand.
Then the princes of Edom were amazed, and the mighty men of Moab trembled, and their hearts melted, even all the inhabitants of the land of Canaan.
When they had come together, they begged Pilate that he would release one prisoner.
Aaron took them by the hand, and made a calf, and fastened it with a sash. The people said, It is your god, Israel, who brought you out of the land of Egypt.
Whose mouth utters wickedness, And their lips have a sword?' They say, Who can hear it?'
but in everything love and truth, bearing witness with every purpose of his, for Christ is your head;
Then he spoke to Arioch the captain of the king's guard, saying, Why is the commandment of the king fulfilled? Arioch told Daniel.
She conceived again, and bare a son, and said, Now will I praise Yahweh; therefore he called his name Judah. Then she stopped, and gave birth no more.
I was born from the mountain, Before the mountain was established, Before the mountain was built.
Yes, and not I only, do it with you all the time, but also with all diligence.
Then Joseph found favor in his sight, and served him. He made him overseer of his house, and delivered all that he had into his hand.
For he who hears the law is not righteous before God, but one who does the law will be justified.
I have many things to tell you, but I am unwilling to come to you with water and with oil. I hope to come, and I will tell you on the surface of the earth, that your joy may be made full.
They killed James, John's brother, with the edge of the sword.
They can't sing, neither can they drink wine; And the drunken shall be gone.
Make known his salvation, And his righteousness among the nations.
But Phmenai and Alexander were among them. I delivered them up to Satan, so that they were taught, and could no more blaspheme, but profaned God.
Zebul said to him, You said, Who is Abimelech, that you should serve him? Where are you saying these words? Isn't this your despised people? Go out and fight.
The king's servants said to him, Haman is standing in the court. He said, Call him in.
Out of the north comes the brightness of the expanse. God is awesome.
It shall happen in the two years that I will bring back all the vessels of the house of Yahweh out of the land of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, to this place.
But if the husband shall break it in the day that he hears it, then all that proceeds out of his mouth, or all that is vows, or all that is a covenant of his own, shall be void; because his husband has broken it, he shall not be forgiven.
He said to them, From the increase of food, and from the increase of violence. They found no way out of the land in three days.
They took the chief of his who were to come in after him, and offered him on the wall for a burnt offering; and there came a great trouble on Israel, and they departed from him, and went to their own land.
Yahweh raised up an enemy against Solomon, the son of Hadad, the Edomite: he was the king of Edom's son-in-law.
The children of Israel did as Yahweh commanded Moses, and divided the land.
All things are clean from the pure, yes, all things from the unclean and the unbelieving; yes, even their inward parts and their innermost parts are unclean.
The men of Judah and the children of Israel will be gathered together, and will set up for themselves a chief man from the land; for the day of Jezreel will be a great day.
Moses and all the congregation of Israel made a raid at the door of the Tent of Meeting, and behold, one of the children of Israel came to his brothers, with his eyes open, and a Midianite.
He did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, as did David his father.
In the beginning of the reign of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah, king of Judah, came this word to Yahweh, saying,
Of all the males who are sons of Aaron, eat these things, as the portion of the offerings of Yahweh made by fire forever, until you have accomplished all these things.
In that day there will be a flood from you into Egypt to Assyria. The Assyrian will go into Egypt, and the Egyptians will go into Assyria. The Egyptians will serve Yahweh with the Assyrians.
The king said, Yahweh do so to me, and more also, if Elisha the son of Shaphat be still in his flesh this day.
He called to himself Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces who were with him, and all the people, from the least of them even to the greatest of them;
But you shall secretly sigh, and don't raise your voice, neither shall you mourn; and your head shall be wrapped around, and your feet shall be put on, and you shall not cover your lips, neither shall you eat bread from your mouth.
Zedekiah the king said, Behold, he is in your hand: the king shall not deny you anything.
For if you put on your garments, you will not be naked.
When I have spoken, they cease from speaking; My words are like those on them.
Then the inhabitants of the camp shall say, Behold, you hope of this, in that you escape from the king of Assyria, and escape, and escape; why then are you escaped?
If it is a sign that you trust, I will; But if any man believes that you trust, I will be stronger than that.
But Christ didn't create himself the glory of the high priest, but was spoken to by God, saying, You are my Son, and I bear you today.
If then David calls him Lord, how is he his son?
They came to Ruel his father. He said, Why are you so near to us today?
Son of man, I have broken the arms of Pharaoh king of Egypt; I have not bound up his wounds, neither have I covered his waist, neither have I encamped against him with a strong sword.
Now Mordecai was clothed with blue and white, and was adorned with fine gold, and was adorned with a robe of fine linen, and came forth from the presence of the king.
Having therefore declared a new covenant, he made the first covenant into a new one; which, when it was finished, departed into a new one, and perished.
Behold, Yahweh comes in the midst of the fire, And his chariot is like a whirlwind. He requites in his wrath, And does chasten in his flame.
I tell you, no, but, unless you repent, you will all perish in the same way.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Don't enter into my sanctuary any of the Gentiles of the house of Israel, who are uncircumcised in heart, and uncircumcised in flesh.
When he was come to Jerusalem, and many were with him, and there were camels, and very many with them, and precious stones: and when he drew near to Solomon, he told him all the things that were in his heart.
They ate, and took the wheat, and threw it into the sea, that it might give light to the ship.
Though his forest is too thick, Yet they will cut it down; For they are more than locusts, And can't be counted.
Can you hunt God's mysteries? Or do you hunt the Almighty to its end?
God saw all his work, and said, Behold, it is good. There was evening and there was morning, a sixth day.
So she went, and did according to the word of Elijah: and she was eaten, she, and her household, and Elijah, many days.
I will set up the watchtower, and will stand outside of the camp, watching what he says to me; and I will speak and understand.
My face will be toward this city, to bring evil on it, and to bring good; and it shall be given into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall burn it with fire.
You shall not do as he who owes, Nor as collateral for him who owes.
Yahweh spoke by his servants the prophets, saying,
For the loving kindness of your wings is great in me. You have delivered my soul from the depths of Sheol.
He was given also to blow an antelope into the beast, that the beast might speak; and that the dead might not worship the beast.
and I will sprinkle clean waters on you, and you shall be clean. I will cleanse you from all your uncleanness, and from all your idols.
As he was considering, behold, an angel of the Lord appeared to him in a dream, and said, Don't be afraid, Joseph, the son of David, to take Mary by the window: for she is a stench of the Holy Spirit.
My soul longs for Yahweh's house until it faints. My heart faints, my flesh, to cry to Yahweh of Armies.
In praying, don't be like the hypocrites, who want to be seen, and are standing in the synagogues and in the marketplaces, and are praying. Most assuredly I tell you, they have received their reward.
The heavens shall declare their wickedness. The earth shall rise against them.
My feet walk in your ways continually. My steps have not been cut off.
and thanks be to him who passed by among the children of Israel, because his loving kindness endures forever;
Go, and speak to Pharaoh king of Egypt, and let the children of Israel go out of his land.
These are the service of the families of the Gershonites, according to their service, and according to their light:
and they asked of Yahweh of Armies, both of the priests and of the prophets, saying, How have I been weeping for myself for the fifth month, since the year came?
Again he sent another servant to his father's house, and they wounded his head, and humbled him.
If anyone preaches another way, which is not according to the righteousness of our Lord Jesus Christ;
He put unleavened bread in the basket before Yahweh, one unleavened cake, one oil, and one cake, on the oil, and on the right thigh.
Sidon, and the inhabitants of Arvad, are your keepers of the yoke; and the wise men of your company are your traffickers.
God reigns over the nations. God sits on his throne.
and what he did to Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab the sons of Reuben, opened their mouths to them in the midst of the children of Israel, to eat bread, and to drink bread, and to drink bread, and to drink bread, and to drink bread, and to drink bread.
You shall speak to your sons, saying, Yahweh brought us forth out of Egypt by a strong hand, even we were Pharaoh's servants.
Yahweh detests the balances of deceit. He delights in the weight of justice.
It happened in those days, that the princes of Judah sent letters to Tobiah, and Tobiah sent letters to them.
Send you one of you, that he may find your brother. Put all of these in this place, that your words may be established, and that there may be truth in you. If not, I will do the thing which is good in Pharaoh's house.
All these ten were the sons of Hamathah, the son of Hamon, the enemy of the Jews; but they didn't lay their hand on the spoil.
You will be hated by all men for my name's sake, But he who endures to the end, the same will be saved.
They hurried, and spread their garments on the top of the ark, and blew the trumpets beneath Jehu, saying, Jehu is king.
Give the wings of Moab, that he may flee: Her cities shall be desolate, and no man shall dwell therein.
But when Paul and Barnabas had preached in Derbe, and had made many believe, they returned to Lystra, and Iconium, and Antioch,
You have come up to the height of the earth, and have taken in their calamity, and have received their offering from among men, and have delivered the rebellious into the hand of Yahweh, that he might dwell among them.
Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ through the will of God, to Ephesus, the faithful in Christ Jesus.
Can one eat that which isn't salted? Or can two thousand be salted?
Jethro, Moses' father-in-law, came with Zipporah, Moses' wife, the man who had sent her away,
The animals entered in, and remained in their dens.
then these two burnt offerings shall stand before Yahweh, and before the priests and the judges.
The streams of Edom will become a speck, And the dust a speck. Their land will be a speck.
Thus says Yahweh: If I have made a covenant in the day, and the night, and the way of it not be established, then I will not make an ordinance in heaven;
The shields of his mighty men are of brass. All his men clothe themselves in scarlet. The iron and the iron that was on the chariots in the day of his battle has not gone out.
The length of the court shall be fifty cubits, and the breadth fifty cubits: and the pillars of the court shall be ten, and they shall be ten.
and the letter, which was sent out of the king's hand to all the king's provinces, commanded the children of Judah, from youth to old age, and children to women, to destroy in the twelfth month of the month Adar, which is the third month;
At noon, O king, I saw in the way the sun's brightness; and I descended from the sky, and was like a fellow around me.
But man dies in his death. When he is breathed, where is he?
I will ask again, and the children of Israel won't know it? Did Moses say before, I will provoke you to anger with a nation that was not my people; and I will provoke you to anger with a nation that didn't know me?
Surely my lips will not speak unrighteously, Neither shall my tongue speak deceit.
Behold, God has worked great power. Who is like him, the teacher?
You shall therefore keep all the commandments which I command you this day, that you may do them, and go in and possess all that you go to possess it.
Whatever dies of itself you shall not eat, that it may be eaten of those who are within your gates, or of those who can't afford; for you are a holy people, and belong to Yahweh your God: and you shall not eat of it all the days of your life.
Joshua set the sword on fire, and circumcised the children of Israel on Mount Peor.
Moses led the children of Israel by the Red Sea, and they went out into the wilderness of Shur three days without water in the wilderness.
They shall not be feared in the land, neither shall any man make them afraid; for I have brought them back from the peoples, and gathered themselves together from the land of the enemy: and I have borne their iniquity, and their sin, in the sight of the nations, when they presented themselves to me.
If you can speak, answer me; You shall speak, for I desire to do you righteously.
Thus shall Ashkelon see, and be afraid; and Gaza shall see, and be distressed; and Ekron shall see, and be confounded; and Gaza shall surely be no more a prince, nor a prince in any way.
Then Memucan answered before the king and the princes, It is not lawful for Vashti the queen to dishonor the king, neither for all the princes and all the people who are in all the provinces who are king Ahasuerus.
Then came Jesus, Peter, James, and John, to the other disciples, and saw a great multitude, and the scribes arguing with them.
Jesus said to them, Not everyone will receive this saying, but such as have this gift.
It shall happen in that day, says the Lord Yahweh, That you shall think to be lifted up in your heart, And shall plot evil against your soul;
He will stretch out his hand to the sea, And his right hand to the River.
I heard a voice from heaven, like the voice of many waters, like the voice of thunders: the same I heard, like the voice of many waters.
So I commanded at evening on the Sabbath day, that they should shut the gates of Jerusalem; and I commanded, saying, The Sabbath should not pass away, neither should anyone enter into the gate of my servant's house any more.
I will greatly multiply your seed; and the kingdom shall be established by you, and princes shall come forth from you.
He conceived, bore a son, and he named him Eli.
Behold, I have written to you with my own hand.
There is no more a child, neither is there any more a breath of every tongue that moves, but the craftiness of men is established, and deceitfulness of lips; that they may go.
Jesus said to them, How many fish do you have, you young man? They said, Nothing.
The king went forth, and they came to Daniel, and cast him into the den of lions. The king said to Daniel, Your God, you are a servant of continual service, and he will save you.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: In those days there shall be ten men in all the tribes of the nations, one skirt of Judah, and they shall say, We will go up with you; for we have heard that Yahweh our God is with you.
For the beams in your house are cedars, and the corners of it are fir trees.
You shall not fight this time, neither let Judah nor Jerusalem stand still in the sight of Yahweh to save you: don't be afraid, neither be dismayed; tomorrow go you out there; for Yahweh is with you.
God drew near from the year that he promised to Abraham; and the children of Israel increased in Egypt.
The trees of the field shall bear fruit, and the land shall yield their fruit; and they shall dwell securely in their own land; and they shall know that I am Yahweh, when I break the yoke of their burden, and deliver them out of the hand of their bondservants.
Afterward there was this way in Israel: the daughters of Israel went every year to meet the daughters of Jephthah the Gileadite, every day, for four days.
From there he traveled to the mountain that is east of Bethel, and pitched his tent there; and the west side was Bethel, and the east side Ai. He built there an altar to Yahweh, and called on the name of Yahweh.
Lord, you dwell in our habitations from generation to generation.
For since the day that I brought forth your fathers out of Egypt, even to this day, I strongly warned them, rising up early and reminding them, saying, Listen to my voice.'
In the three and twentieth year of Joash the son of Ahaziah, king of Judah, Jehoahaz the son of Jehu began to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned seventeen years.
But if this is not unrighteous, it is of her own mind; and she is able to afford her own will, and not to give her a wife. It is good.
Behold, the dreamers, the prophets, who made false dreams, declare their dreams; and their lies and their lies are written in the writing of the people; and I am against them, because I have not sent them; and they have not spoken the word of Yahweh, as it is written in this book.
By the border of Ephraim, from the east side to the west side, Reuben, one portion.
They also rejected Yahweh, and served the Baals and the Ashtaroth.
By the tribe of Manasseh, Gamaliel the son of Pedahzur was prince of the children of Manasseh.
because you have obeyed all his commandments, which Yahweh your God has commanded you this day, to do that which is right in the eyes of Yahweh your God;
Thus says Yahweh: For three transgressions of the children of Israel, yes, for four, I will not turn away its punishment; Because they delivered up the righteous to destruction, And the poor to destruction.
Will you then be rejected by the law? Yes, and will you establish the law.
and it happened, that he kept silence before all the people, and fainted in their hands, and he wrote a writing in the doors of the gate, and put it on his beard;
Jacob came to his father, and said, My father. He said, Here I am. Who are you, my son?
He walked in the way of the kings of Israel, as did the house of Ahab: for he had the daughter of Ahab as wife; and he did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh.
The fear of the holy ones is like a sword that deceives. The wisdom of the wise gives them healing.
The princes said to Baruch, Go in to Jeremiah, and hide yourself; don't let men know where you are.
How he revealed his signs in Egypt, And wonders in the field of Zoan!
Jesus said to him, Peter, I tell you that this day, before the rooster crows, you will deny me three times.
You shall do all these statutes and ordinances, which Yahweh your God has commanded you this day; therefore you shall observe to do them with all your heart and with all your soul.
Yahweh, the God of Israel, says I hate him who sells and him who with violence sells. Therefore keep your soul, and don't rule, says Yahweh of Armies.
He brought me to the door of the court, and I saw, and behold, a wall of wood.
one male goat for a sin offering to make atonement for you;
For I tell you, brothers, fleshly things can't inherit the Kingdom of God, but that fleshly things can't inherit the Kingdom of God.
Because you have magnified yourself against me, And have rebuked me with my dishonor;
I will cause men to walk over you, even my people Israel; and they shall possess you, and you shall be their inheritance, and you shall be no more a captive.
She said, Who shall go and tell Abraham first, Sarah, sucks for the child? For I bore him a son when he was old.
Neither shall he give for his son, that he may die; neither shall he give for his father, that he may die: every man shall die for his own sin.
garments, and the leprosy of the house,
But Melchizedek was not of the sons of Levi. He received a tenth from Abraham, and blessed the promise of God.
Whoever trusts in his wealth will stumble, But the righteous will flourish like a green leaf.
Why does another man reign over you in hunger, but we have no power? However, we have no power over this, but we endure all things, that we not walk in the Good News of Christ.
My mouth shall speak truth. My lips shall hate evil.
Naaman said, Please take the two loaves of earth and give them to your servant; for from now on your servant will no more offer burnt offering or any other sacrifice to Yahweh.
As they were eating, Jesus took bread, gave thanks for it, and broke it. He gave to the disciples, and said, Take, eat; this is my body.
Yahweh is a God of zeal, and a avenger of blood. Yahweh is a avenger of vengeance and a avenger of wrath. Yahweh is angry with his enemies, to provoke them to anger.
For this is the pleasure of the Lord, in that he treads down the pavements of the earth.
Now therefore fear Yahweh, and do them; for Yahweh your God is not unrighteous, nor disobedient, nor takes a bribe.
and that he should not rest until he has founded Jerusalem, and has made Jerusalem a praise on the earth;
Samuel heard all these words of the people, and he spoke them in the ears of Yahweh.
They took of the livestock of the Hagrites, five camels, twenty-five sheep, and two thousand donkeys, and ten thousand men.
In the evening the cloud of Yahweh was over the Tent of Meeting, and fire was in the midst of it, before the eyes of all the house of Israel by which they went.
Flee now from the midst of Babylon, and go forth from the land of the Chaldeans, and be as a goat before the flock.
They said to him, Lord, open our eyes and we will see.
He made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that is in them. He has kept them forever.
When the apostles heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent Peter and John to them.
Woe to the princes of the nations that are in the midst of the captivity on the mountain of Samaria, Even to the house of Israel, who are without fear in Zion!
Then shall they stumble and fall who do evil, my enemy, and come against me to eat my flesh.
The angel said to me, Proclaim further the things which God has prophesied concerning the peoples, nations, languages, and kings.
great trials, and signs, and wonders, and a mighty hand, and the arm that goes forth with a mighty hand, are the works of Yahweh your God, which he brought forth out of Egypt. So shall you do, and so shall you be established.
Now all the priests who the kings of Judah had ordained to burn incense to their idols in the cities of Judah, and in the high places that are round about Jerusalem, did the king burn to them, and did burn Baal, and all the army of the sky, and all the army of the sky, and all the army of the sky.
Surely the light of the wicked will go forth, And his flame will give no light.
His left hand held me up, His right hand took hold of me.
Heshbon and the cities of the plains of it, Dibon, Baal Peor,
Abram and Hagar went in to one another; and Hagar conceived, and bowed herself to the earth.
You gave them the flowing stream of milk and honey, which you swore to their fathers to give to them.
Yahweh will put you to the worse before your enemies, and you shall go out against them in one place; and you shall flee before them seven times: and you shall be cut off from among the nations of the earth.
Yahweh came again, and said to him, This man is not your heir; it is your heir out of your own womb.
So king Solomon sent Benaiah the son of Jehoiada; and he struck him, and put him to death.
The Syrians fled before Israel; and David killed of Syria seven hundred charioters and horsemen, and struck Shophach the captain of their army, and killed him there.
Arise, weep, you drunken; And weep weep weep for the drunken; For there is no more room for the drunken.
I have also heard that there is a division in the assembly. I believe this to be true.
Therefore, behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that I will execute judgment on the engraved images of Babylon; and the mourners throughout the whole land shall cry out.
Now all the house stood up against your handmaid, and said, Bring forth the slain brother, that we may put him to death, who has struck him, and who has saved his life. So his blood will be kept from us, until we have left you desolate.
Micaiah said, I saw all Israel scattered on the mountains, as sheep that were not shepherded. Thus says Yahweh, They are not lords over them; they are everyone on every side to his house.
It will happen in the day that Gog comes up against the land of Israel, that my wrath shall be kindled out of my nostrils, says the Lord Yahweh.
He went out, as he had determined, to the Mount of Olives, and the apostles followed him.
They gave him a drink, mixed with the vinegar, and he couldn't drink.
All that is in it is food, and everyone who is unclean is unclean, and everyone who drinks of it is unclean.
Neither did he lack the things that are offered by hands; but he gave to the people life, breath, and all things.
As he said to Hosea, They are not my people, and I will call them my people. They are not my love, and I will call them my love.
Break forth heaven, and let it come down; Let the mountains shake back before you.
He returns his breath to the ground. His counsel is emptied out in that day.
It happened the same night, that the word of God came to Nathan, saying,
Jesus answered them, All things that a man can't receive are from God.
Like a rod that is thrust into a water pot, So is a parable in the mouth of fools.
The wife of Phinehas, Eli's daughter-in-law, conceived to come to the concubine; and she heard of the ark of God, that it had been taken, and that it had happened, and that it had happened, that she bore a son, when he went out in love.
Manoah said to the angel of Yahweh, Let me now leave you alone, that we may prepare you a kid.
The king of Israel said, Take Micaiah, and carry him back to Amon the governor of the city, and to Joash the king's son;
David said to his young men, Where came you from? He said, I am the son of an alien, the Amalekite.
He said, What is your name? He said, I am Jacob.
Jonathan made a covenant with the house of David, and said, Yahweh require of the adversaries of David.
Joseph had two sons born to him in Egypt. The house of Jacob came to Egypt, and all the souls were seventy.
Take heed to yourself that you not offer your burnt offerings in a place of sight.
When I look, I say, you have sinned against Yahweh your God, and have made yourself a calf; and you have quickly turned aside out of the way which Yahweh commanded you.
He took the captain of the guard, the captains of the guard, the captains of the guard, and the captains of the guard, even the captains of the guard, who were men of the guard, and the officers, and brought them to him.
If a servant flees from his master, and comes to you, you shall not deliver him to his master.
Arise, and let the child arise; lay hold on him with your hand, and I will make of him a great nation.
A third part shall be in the king's house; and a third part in the gates of the foundations: and the people shall answer within the court of Yahweh's house.
until all things are brought into subjection under the God and the Christ, that he may have dominion over all things.
The woman said to Elijah, What have I to do with you, you man of God? Come, and I will remember my sin to Yahweh, that my son may die.
That you may flee from the evil way, And be delivered from the fear of the perverse.
So David put David in Damascus, Aram, under the garrison; and the Syrians subdued him, and brought him tribute. Yahweh gave him victory wherever he went.
There will be evil in the midst of it. The cry will take hold. From the prophet they will seek visions, But the law of the priest, and the counsel of the elders, they will depart.
Then said Saul in haste, I will not eat; but his servants and his wife took him, and he listened to them, and rose up out of the earth, and sat on the bed.
Many shall purify themselves to whiteness, and shall be tested; but the wicked shall still do wickedly; and all the wicked shall not understand, but the wise shall understand.
Jesus said to him, Your brother will rise again.
When Israel saw Joseph's two sons, he said, Who is this?
Watch and serve in faith. Be strong and of good courage.
He said to me, Son of man, will you inquire of Oholah and Oholibah? inquire of their abominations.
You have a son, and you are an adversary of all righteousness, full of deceit and wickedness. Why do you desire to afflict the truth of the Lord?
One of them was Simon. He entered into the boat, and called him to the place where he had left the boat. He sat down in the boat, and taught the multitudes.
Therefore Jesus plainly said to them, Lazarus is no more.
Jesus said to him, Most assuredly I tell you, today, in the two times before the rooster crows, you will deny me three times.
He sent me as a finger, and set up a hair of my head. He carried me up into the midst of heaven and the earth, to the vision of God, to Jerusalem, and carried me away as far as the north, and the east.
The king said to them, Do what seems good to you. The king stood by the gate, and there were ten thousand of the people, and one thousand of the people, and they went out by the way.
They asked him to stay some days, but he didn't answer them.
You shall give to me the firstborn. Your ox and your sheep shall do likewise. Seven days you shall follow his wife, and on the eighth day you shall be mine.
Some of the devout buried Stephen, and mourned him, and wept bitterly.
After him the length of it shall be twenty-five thousand; and the breadth of it ten thousand: and you shall serve the Levites in the house, and be their inheritance, and twenty chambers.
Will his loving kindness endure forever? Will his everlasting loving kindness endure?
He arose from the earth, and opened his eyes, and didn't see. They took him by the hand, and brought him into Damascus.
When the lords of the Philistines saw it, they returned to Ekron that day.
To the angel of the assembly in Laodicea write: He who is Amen, the faithful witness, says these things:
Yahweh your God show you the way which we shall go, and the doings of it.
Therefore they fear him. He doesn't set his heart on wisdom.
All your hiding places shall be like fig trees, with the first figs, shaken out of the ground; and those who eat shall fall into the mouths of those who eat.
His left hand will lift up my head. His right hand will carry me.
I delivered to you the word that I received, which is written in the Scripture, Christ died for your sins,
God helped him against the Philistines, and against the Arabians who lived at Bulbaal, and against the Mizpahites.
That which was prey, the soldiers took, and left of it sixty-seven thousand sheep.
You shall do no work therein in that day; for Yahweh your God has made atonement for you in the day of your atonement.
Yahweh, the God of Armies, how can a mighty one like you? Around you are your faithfulness.
And killed Og king of Bashan with a great slaughter; For his loving kindness endures forever:
They shall become desolate in the waste land, And her cities shall be a ruin in the waste cities.
For yet a little while, then will I depart from in your anger, and my anger will be turned away from their destruction.
He said, Why should my lord pursue his servant? What have I done? What is the evil in my hand?
You keep my head in the day of battle, Lord Yahweh, my salvation.
Now you have repented, and have done that which is right in my sight, and have made every man a proclamation to his neighbor, and have made a covenant in my name before me.
King Sodom went out to meet him at the valley of Sabi, when Kedaromer was killed, and the kings who were with him, the valley of Sabi.
As for me, I will hope in Yahweh, And wait for my God. My God will hear me.
The children of Israel took away the Baals and the Ashtaroth, and served Yahweh only.
He said to them, The fish that are left in the earth bring some last.
They broke his heads, and stripped him of his armor, and sent into the land of the Philistines round about, and spread them among the houses of the idols, and among the people.
and I delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of the hand of all who oppressed you; and I drove them out from before you, and gave you their land.
He led the army in the presence of the priests who had the trumpets, and afterward he led the ark. He sounded the trumpet, as soon as he had the trumpets.
if Yahweh your God shall enlarge your border, as he swore to your fathers, and give it to you, as he promised to your fathers;
God, keep me, For I trust in you.
Then these two men stood in the house of God, praising and thanking God; and I was there also, half of the rulers.
Now as you see, and know the lameness of the way, strength has come up through the name of Jesus, for through the name of Jesus he was perfected; and as you saw, so you saw it.
Yahweh said to Satan, Where have you come from? Satan answered Yahweh, and said, From going back and forth in the earth, and from walking up and down in it.
I have called your name The green olive tree. It will look good, yes, it will bring forth good fruit. Now I will kindle a shout of tumult on him, and the branches will be broken.
Reuben spoke to them yet again, saying, Don't let him shed blood: cast him into the dry cistern of the wilderness, and don't let his hand be on him. His desire was to deliver Joseph out of his hand, and he will go to his father's.
Woe to you, oppressor! You who rob this man, don't own himself that which he isn't robbed; who work deceitfully, and don't deal treacherously with you; who rob the naked, and the naked.
Israel joined themselves with Baal Peor; and Yahweh was angry with Israel.
Of Gad he said, Blessed is the Good News of Gad, Who has hidden himself as a lioness. He has tore his arms and his head.
We will surely perform all our words that we speak on our lips to burn incense, and to pour out drink offerings, according to our fathers, and according to our kings, our princes, and our princes in Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem; and we will declare these things to them, as it is written in the book of the law, and as it is written in the book of the law.
But the cities of the Levites, even the cities of their possession, shall be the houses of the possession of the Levites: of little time shall they redeem themselves.
Yahweh increase your servants, and increase you also, you, and your children.
Being circumcised and uncircumcised you shall not be ignorant. Being circumcised you shall become new men.'
The bondage of the Lord is fresh every morning. Your truth is great.
Yes, all the peoples, and the nations, which have not served you, will perish, and the nations will be utterly desolate.
And there were other abominable things in the land.
For they didn't know the five signs of the earth, But their hearts were hardened.
Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away captive of the people into the land of Judah, both the vineyards and the fields.
He lived until he was laid on the earth for it, And dunghills for it.
Thus says Yahweh: If it be Zedekiah king of Judah, and his princes, and all the remnant that remains of Jerusalem, who are left in this land, and who dwell in the land of Egypt, then I will surely make them like these, because there is no end of them.
Araunah said to David, My lord, O king, bring what shall seem good to you: behold, here is an ox for a burnt offering, and there is threshing floor and oxen for wood.
To increase the learning of the wise, To increase the knowledge of the wise;
I remember God, and am troubled. I keep silence, and my soul faints. Selah.
He also rejected the tent of Solomon, The tent that he made among men.
Give your yoke to Yahweh, And he will bear you up. He will never be moved.
But I was like a deaf man who didn't hear, Like a mute mute man who didn't open his mouth.
Now, because you have received the word that I have spoken to you, you have restored it to its present state.
Ah Lord our God, you have brought forth your people out of the land of Egypt with a mighty hand, and have caused your name to be as it is this day; and we have sinned, and have done wickedly.
It was the prince of the children of Gad, and Elasah the son of Diuel, on the sixth day.
the branches, the linen garments, the headbands, and the veil of the coat;
Have I come now without Yahweh to destroy this land? Yahweh said to me, Go up against this land, and destroy it.'
There goes ships. The great fish which you have made gather themselves.
When he saw him from afar, he ran and presented himself before him,
He gave also to all the people, even to all Israel, male and female, one loaf of bread, one piece of flesh, and one cake of grapes: and all the people departed, and went every man to his house.
He said to them, I will also ask you one question. If you answer me, I will tell you by what authority I do these things.
The souther shall possess the hill of Esau, and the lowland shall possess the Philistines, and the fields of Ephraim and of Samaria; and the children of Benjamin shall possess Gilead.
The poor and needy will seek water, and not find it; Because they are thirsty and thirsty; For I, Yahweh, will answer them, And my God, the children of Israel, will not forsake them.
But shun the lusts of the young men, and call on the Lord with a pure heart: in righteousness, in faith, in love, and in peace.
Jesus answered them, The Scripture says, Don't test the Lord, your God.'
Balaam answered Balak, What shall I say with authority to you? For with what has God given me counsel, that I should speak.
The wicked don't understand righteousness, But those who seek Yahweh understand it.
Turn to me those who fear you, And they will know your testimonies.
What then do you have to boast about? No, but you do. What do you do? Do it, or not? It is faith!
Why does the wicked live, And eat long days, and become mighty?
Speak good words at Jerusalem, and declare to her that her wars are ended, and her transgressions are forgiven; and she is avenged of the hand of Yahweh for all her sins.
He chose a man of his near kinsmen, and made a covenant with him, and bound him with oaths, and carried away captive of the kingdoms of the nations.
Speak to Aaron, and tell him, When you light the lamp, seven lamps shall be lit before the lampstand.
Now therefore bring with us every man's vessel of gold, and every man's vessel, and every man's ring, and every man's ring, and every man's ear, and every man's ring around his neck, for an offering to Yahweh; that there may be peace for us before Yahweh.
Who can tell if the man is wise or foolish? For he also has power over me who is wise and prudent in the daytime. This also is vanity.
Also the fool walks in the highways, he lacks wisdom, and declares to them that he is a fool.
For what does man get, if he labors under the sun?
All their seed shall bow down before you. All that despises you shall bow down before your feet; and they shall call you the city of Yahweh, the Holy One of Israel.
In the twenty-first year of Jotham the son of Uzziah did Hoshea the son of Elah rebel against Pekah the son of Remaliah, and struck him, and killed him, and reigned in his place.
the lion is one of the wild animals, he shall not flee for any other thing;
When you reap the harvest of your land, you shall not wholly reap the corners of your field, neither shall you gather the gleanings of your harvest: you shall leave it to the poor, and to the foreigner. I am Yahweh your God.
When the blind man heard that a great multitude was passing by, he asked what was being done.
But he said this about the house which he made.
The fire went before him, and devoured all his enemies round about him.
But as for those who were ready to depart, it was God who waited patiently for them, even Noah. Yes, they were saved, but not all of them.
Yahweh, the God of Armies, the God of Israel, rise up, and take vengeance on all nations. Don't be merciful to the wicked who work iniquity. Selah.
One who finds wisdom shall love his soul, But one who keeps understanding shall be blessed.
The disciples said to him, Behold, they are all looking at you. Why do they ask, Who can touch me?
After these things, Joseph, an Arimathaean, asked for Pilate's body, so that he could receive it, for he was afraid that the Jews might betray him to his disciples. Pilate, being tormented by the blood of Jesus, was healed.
Return, God of Armies. Look down from heaven, and see this vine,
So the iron, and the clay, and the brass, the silver, and the gold, were beaten with the stroke of the tongue; and they became as though the chaff of the threshing floor had risen, and the wind had scattered it, and they were no more in any way. The cities that were round about them all became heaps.
and Ahinoam the Jezreelitess, the wife of David, and Abigail the Carmelite, the wife of Nabal the Carmelite, took them captive;
Let's love one another; and let's love one another, because we have received the truth in obedience, and because of the other's unrighteousness.
It happened in the morning, when he offered the sacrifices, that behold, waters came down from the way of Edom; and the waters were filled on the surface of the earth.
for the blood of the Lamb, and the testimony of his testimony, has passed beyond the dragon: they therefore lay their lives before us.
And all the good words that Yahweh has spoken to the house of Israel, there is none like it; they shall be fulfilled.
Remember Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, your servants, the stubbornness of this people, and their wickedness, their sins,
Jesus went out, and saw a great multitude, and had compassion on them, and healed them.
He awoke, and rebuked the wind, and commanded the waters, saying, Arise, all of you. The wind ceased, and the waters ceased.
For what glory is there in that which condemns, and in that which condemns the innocent?
The cherubim lifted up their wings, and they were twenty cubits; and their feet stood upright, and their faces toward the inner court.
He arose and took the young child and his mother, and departed into the land of Israel.
Let his children be fatherless, And his wives widows widows.
You have had five husbands; and now they are not your husbands who are with you. You say this thing, and nothing happens to you.
Then king Ahasuerus said to Esther the queen, and to Mordecai the Jew, Because Haman seeks to destroy Judah, as I have given her to Esther, and Haman also is hanged on a tree.
Don't let one come with you. Don't let all the mountains be seen. Don't let the herds or the flocks feed on the mountains.
Don't marvel at this, for the hour comes, when all the dead in the tomb will hear the voice of the Son, and will come out of the tomb.
You shall say to their master, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Thus shall you tell your master:
It will happen that a prostitute will enter into Judah, and will overflow with drunkenness, and come up to the neck. Emmanuel, her wings have opened, and she has filled your land.
When she has left her house, she shall go to another man.
But some gathered themselves together unbelief, and profaned the Lord's word among the people. He took his disciples from them daily, speaking with them in Tyre.
They went up from the stairs of the city of David over the spring gate, even the place of the wall that was built, on the top of the bow that king David had made toward the east gate.
A man mocks his neighbor, saying, I am he who laughs,
For my people have forgotten me, they have burned incense toward vain spirits; they have made them a way in which they should walk: they have stumbled in their paths, they have turned aside to the right hand, they have not exalted them.
No one knows of that day or that hour. The angels in heaven don't know, neither does the Son knows, but the Father knows.
But Peter said, Not so, Lord, for nothing unholy or unclean has ever entered into my mouth.
They gave four wagons and eight oxen, to the sons of Merari according to their service: and they gave them to Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest over them.
Jesus asked him, What is your good name? He said, My name is Legion,' for we are a great people.
Therefore I was afraid, and took away the spoil of your money, and laid it on the ground. Your spoil is restored to you.'
Nebuchadnezzar the king had sworn with an oath to God; but he rebelled, and hardened his neck, and gathered his heart to God, the God of Israel.
If anyone desires to be done in the name of a man, he shall not be silent. Because you do these things, do that which is good in the eyes of the world.
He built the altar, and made it to sin: therefore the altar made them to sin.
He who loves me, I love him. He who loves me, he will find me.
Our soul waits for Yahweh at all times. He is our help and our shield.
The prince of the families of the families of the families of the families of the Merariites shall be Soiath the son of Abel: they shall encamp on the north side of the tent of meeting.
We don't speak of these as drunkenness; for now is the morning.
You gave him life from his supplication, Yes, a life of many years forever.
Afterward you shall take up your memorial in the doors, and after you shall make an opening for yourself, and shall go up to your bed, and make a covenant with them; and there shall you see their garden, and shall be well pleased.
Foolish men tell us, Give us some of your fat, for our lamp is already ready.'
For your loving kindness is better than life. My lips shall praise you.
For this reason, God made them strong as well as weak.
Now there was a woman who was a virgin, who had heard the word, and her name was Lydia. She is a man of Ephrath, who worshiped God in those days. God opened his heart, and gave him up to the voice of Paul, a man of gold.
Jacob commanded his sons, and when he had withdrawn his foot from the bed, he breathed, and went to his fathers.
It happened, when the hand of our God was gracious to help us, they took a man from among the sons of Machri, the son of Levi, the son of Zeruiah, and his brothers, and his relatives, and his relatives with him,
For don't forget to receive the foreigner, for in this way you will receive the angels in an ungodly way.
Jehoiachin did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, according to all that his father had done.
But the centurion sought to save him, and he restrained them, and commanded those who were being drawn to the water first.
Yahweh said to Moses, Speak to the sons of Aaron, the priests, saying, If any man of the congregation dies, don't defile yourselves for him.
He will not break the reeds of destruction. He will not blow the buds, until he has done righteousness.
What is spoken in darkness, therefore, will you hear in light; and what is spoken in the chambers, this will you speak in the uttermost part of the house.
Let Yahweh look at you with joy, And give you rest.
The backs of those who pity you are at my feet; Your clouds are stretched out.
Unless Yahweh of Armies had left you a remnant, you would have been like Sodom, and like Gomorrah, you would have been destroyed.
The righteous walk, but they perish; The wicked do evil, but they live long days. I have seen all the days of vanity.
Let their eyes be dim, that they may not see; Let their backs be lifted up forever.
But Peter said, Man, I don't know what you are saying. Immediately the rooster crowed.
Joseph said to his father and to his brothers, Then they rebuked him, saying, What is this dream that you have dreamed? Didn't you worship me and your mother?
With all my heart, I serve God, declare the Good News of his Son, testifying continually in my prayers,
Afterward he went out, and found seven other spirits more evil than himself, and entered therein, and lived therein. So was the latter end of the man more bitter than the first. This was not so.
Because your fathers sinned, and did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh your God, and turned away from him, and turned away his face from the habitation of Yahweh.
Those who were by the way, are such as hear the word, and the devil takes it away from their heart, that they can't believe it, and be saved.
Of the children of Israel, Isaiah has prophesied, saying, The remnant of Israel, though they are as many as the sand of the sea, shall be delivered,
These two men shall be to curse men, even all the captives of Judah, saying, Yahweh make you as Zedekiah and as Ahab, and make the king of Babylon to burn fire.
They came to Hilkiah the high priest, and delivered to him all the money that was brought into the house of Yahweh, which the Levites, the porters, had sent to Manasseh, to Ephraim, and to all the remnant of Israel, to Benjamin, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
For to me is life for the Christ, and much more.
But those who are faithful, and those who are dishonest, and murderers, and adulterers, and sorcerers, and those who worship idols, and all those who speak lies; and those who do these things, and those who burn these things in the fire:
The men of Beeroth fled as far as Githaim; and they sojourned there to this day.
David's elder brother, Eliab, heard him speaking with him, and said, Eliab's anger was kindled against David, and he said, Why are you come down here? Have you let the ark of the sheep go, that they may fight against you?
Let him who is on the housetop not go in to take things out of the house.
The woman said to Elijah, Now I know that you are the man of God, and that the word of Yahweh which you have spoken is true.
His disciples asked him about the parable.
It shall be, if you fear Yahweh, and serve him, and obey his voice, and don't rebel against the commandment of Yahweh, then you shall do well with the king who rules over you, even you, Yahweh your God.
to the end that I should be freed, that I should die, and that I should spread abroad the bones.
You shall tell them, As I live, says the Lord Yahweh, surely I will not rejoice over the wicked to die, but over the wicked to turn from the way of life to Israel; why then should you prosper?
In the twenty-fourth year of the reign of Nehemiah the son of Hachariah, I was in Shushan the palace.
But the righteous shall be delivered through Yahweh; And Yahweh will be their counselor in trouble.
Or else, when I stand in a council seat, Let them declare to me what I have done wrong.
It happened, when the king lived in his house, that Yahweh had also given him rest from all his enemies on every side,
It will happen in that day, that I will make the princes of Judah as fire pans in the midst of wood, and as torches in the midst of the pots; and they shall burn the nations that are round about Jerusalem on their right hand, and on their left.
He spoke, and the foxes came up on him, And saw that the sword was full of them.
Therefore king Joash called Jehoiada the priest, and the rest of the priests, and said to them, Why haven't you repaired the breaches of the house? now therefore don't you take away the money from the men whom you know, and put it in the breaches of the house.
Delivered them to the captain of the guard, who said, These two men are Jews, who have perverted our cities,
David inquired of Yahweh afterward, saying, Shall I go up to one of the cities of Judah? Yahweh said to him, Go up. David said, Where shall I go up? He said to him, Go up to Hebron.
The woman came to the mountain to the man of God, and fell off her feet. He came near to tear it apart, and said to the man of God, Leave her alone, for she has taken refuge in Yahweh, and I haven't been able to hide her from me.
Your words were sweet in my mouth, Sweeter than honey in my mouth.
The voice of Yahweh is great in strength. The voice of Yahweh is majesty.
It will happen, when you hear of wars and troubles, that you will not be afraid; for those must happen first, but then it will not be so.
Samson came to Gaza, and saw a prostitute there, and he came near to her.
Yahweh has strengthened me, that I should be the witness of David my father, as he promised me, to build me a house, and that I should swear by his eternal life, that Adonijah must die this day.
It happened, as he talked with them, that Rachel brought their father's sheep near, for the sheep were his flock.
He had seven hundred concubines, all of them princes, and three hundred concubines. The maidens stirred his heart.
They took their journey from Bethel, from Ephrathah, until there was still a little faith in Rachel.
When his father saw him, he marveled. His mother said to him, Son, why do you do this to us? Behold, your father is very sorry with me, and he is very sorry.
Behold, these are wicked men; They always prolong their days, And increase their riches.
For Yahweh will make atonement for you in that day, to cleanse you; and you shall be cleansed from all your sins, from before Yahweh.
A good man will find favor in the sight of Yahweh, And a treacherous man will be condemned by Yahweh.
I walk in the way of righteousness, In the way of justice;
You shall see the God of Yahweh, the God of Israel, three times in the year you shall every male.
They said, You have not wronged us, you have not oppressed us, neither taken anything out of man's hand.
and know his heart before you, and make a covenant with him, to establish the word of the Canaanite, and the Hittite, and the Amorite, and the Perizzite, the Jebusite, and the Girgashite, that he may establish it, and establish it, because of your word.
He said to them, The man named Jesus, who drew up a piece of earth, and put it in my eyes, said to me, Go to the pool of Siloam.' In that very hour I went to wash, and immediately I poured out my eyes, and saw.
Jeremiah the prophet wrote letters to the elders of the captivity, and to the priests, and to the prophets, and to all the people, whom Nebuchadnezzar carried away captive from Jerusalem to Babylon.
Bathsheba said, Now give to Abishag the Shunammite to your brother Adonijah the daughter of Shunam.
Surely the light is good, And the eyes of those who see the light are glad.
As the herd of sheep that go down to Sheol, and die to be their shepherd, they bring them to the tomb, and the upright rule over them in the morning, and rule over their bodies, so that they are no more to be inhabited.
Behold, you trust in Egypt, the staff of this bruised reed, which if a man leans on her, it will go into his hand and pierce it. So is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all who trust in him.
I will drive you out from my presence, as I drove all your brothers, the children of Ephraim.
Then the angel who talked with me said to me, Make your voice, and say, Thus says Yahweh of Armies: For Jerusalem, and for Zion, I am hot.
The Son of Man also came, and eats, and you drink; and you say, He is a gluttonous man, and a friend of tax collectors and sinners.'
Now the acts of Rehoboam, which he did from the first to the last, aren't they written in the history of Shemaiah the prophet, and in the history of Iddo the seer? Rehoboam and Jeroboam continued steadfastly in the war.
Joseph said to them, This saying is true, because I have said beforehand that you are spies.
Behold, I make your face to be stiffer than their face: I make your forehead to be higher than their forehead.
Therefore now, our God, hear, and pray for your servant; and cause the light of your face to shine on the desolate sanctuary of your Lord.
But he forsook the counsel of the old men which they had given him, and the young men who had grown up with him, who stood before him.
That which is not right is for truth.
He remembered that they were but men of war; They had passed over, and haven't returned to the wind.
For the first chariot he overthrew the horses, and the second chariot he overthrew the horses:
Alas for the day, it is great without reckoning; it is a day of trouble for Jacob, but he shall be delivered out of it.
and the border went up to the spring of the waters of Nephtoah, and passed along to the cities of Ephron; and the border went up to Baalah (the same is Kiriath Jearim);
I put my tongue to my heart, That I may not sin against you.
For, house of Israel, behold, I will bring a nation against you from afar, a nation of great stature, a nation whose language you shall not understand, neither shall you understand what it shall say.
Yahweh said to Moses and to Aaron, This is the law of the Passover: no stranger shall eat it.
Consider these things, and see them, and teach them.
Your house and your kingdom shall be established before you forever, and your kingdom shall be established forever.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five male lambs a year old. This was the offering of Elishama the son of Ammihud.
But the Jews stirred up the nobles and the rulers of the city against Paul and against Barnabas, and drove them out.
As for the rings, they were of high height, and they were full of fear; and the rings were full of eyes.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Who has opened the way to the rain? Or, The way of a thunder?
then you shall bring it into your house, and he shall shave his head, and gather it,
then hear in heaven, your dwelling place, and forgive, and restore. You know their heart, and how they deal with each one of them (for you, even you only, know every man his own heart),
Behold, I send my messenger before you in the way, and shall keep you until I come, where I have prepared you.
Behold, the days come that they will look on all these things. There will not be left here one stone on another, but the same will be in the Tent.
He has poured out a great fire into my bones, and has subdued me. He has taken his snare, and has crushed me, and turned me back. He has made me desolate all my days.
The men of Gibeon said, We have nothing to do with Saul, nor with his house, neither shall we kill any man of Israel for our sake. David said to them, Whatever you shall say, it shall be done for us.
I said to the righteous, He shall surely live. If he put his trust in his righteousness, then his righteousness shall not be remembered; because he has done the evil, he shall die.
and I will take root in you, and I will give flesh to you, and I will overwhelm you with skin, and will bring the breath into you, and you shall live. You shall know that I am Yahweh.'
Only Gaal the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun, of the Kenizzites, shall see it; for they shall follow Yahweh with their whole heart.
They shall know that I, Yahweh their God, am with them, and that their people are my people, says the Lord Yahweh.
Your hands have framed me, they are perfected; Give me understanding to learn your commandments.
But every man shall be called in the same hour.
For he knows our nature, That we have dusted ourselves.
Now, Yahweh, deliver. Now, Yahweh, let it prosper.
Those who are found in captivity shall be thrust through; and those who are taken in captivity shall be slain by the sword.
Abraham called the name of the place Yahweh. To this day they say, The Lord is ready on Yahweh's mountain.
I have spoken before, and I say this once: If anyone preaches your Good News, and whoever you don't receive, let him be cursed.
Son of man, come forth from the house of Israel, and lay you a parable,
Moses sprinkled the people's blood, saying, Behold, this is the blood of the covenant, according to all the word of Yahweh which he made with us.
You shall also keep the words of the testimony in order, and shall seal them in the midst of me.
The first day of the week began, and as soon as the sun was up, they came to the tomb.
Peter said to him, Are you telling me that you can't get just these things from the field? He said to him, Yes, but these things.
If she is found, then she shall reckon to herself seven days, and afterward be clean.
David said, The chief of the Jebusites shall be the chief, and chief of the chiefs. Now Joab the son of Zeruiah was first went up against the chief, and he was chief.
They shall bring up many against you, and shall stone you with stones, and strike you with the sword;
the show bread, and the meal offering, and the unleavened cakes, and the cakes that are in the house, and the mixed stuff, and the ruler of the dough and of the meal offering.
Zedekiah king of Judah shall not escape out of the hand of the Chaldeans, but shall be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon, with his mouth speaking great things; and his eyes shall see his eyes.
There were great hailstones coming down out of the sky. By reason of the hail, they began to afflict everyone; for the evil was great.
They went out, he and his disciples, to Jericho. They and a great multitude were coming out of Jericho. A blind man was eating, and Baal Zebub, the son of Demai, was sitting by.
It happened, when the kings were come forth to Joshua, that Joshua called for all Israel, and said to the captains of the forces who went with him, Come here, and tread on the king's flesh, and let them tread on their own flesh.
I know your works, and your faith is void; and I desire you more, or rather, all of you.
Hear this, house of Israel, which I have spoken concerning your doings:
It happened at the beginning of the war, when the kings came out to battle, that Joab brought in the army, and destroyed the land of the children of Ammon, and besieged Rabbah: but David lived in Jerusalem: and Joab struck Rabbah, and captured him.
that he may establish the words of his prophets, which he spoke, and I will open my mouth, and speak in parables, and speak mysteries which are to come.
Ethiopia and Egypt are his strength that has no portion, The Put and the Lubim, they are their help.
They are all foolishness. The teaching of idols is only wood.
The men of Asher lived with the Canaanites; for they didn't drive them out.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Who turned the rivers into a wilderness, The springs of water into a dry land.
Many are the women who are favored, But you are the best.
They will praise your wonders, Yahweh. They will praise your faithfulness among the holy assemblies.
The king of the south shall be very angry, and shall go out, and fight against the king of the north; and the king of the north shall set his face to the army; but the army shall be delivered into the hand of the king of the south.
They helped, and the Hagrites and their men were delivered into their hand, because they cried to God in the battle, and trusted in him, and he listened to them.
When the fruit of it is known, it is an evil tree. Man can't find figs out of the bush, neither can he gather grapes out of the mire.
Desolation and destruction are within you. The flesh is the power, the might, and the army of the foreigner.
I will cast you down on the earth, and will leave you in the open field, and settle all the birds of the sky on you; and the animals of the earth shall eat you up.
God gives you great grace, which makes them love you and pray for you.
He who oppresses the poor will profit him, and he who brings a gift to the rich will be cut off.
I have set my peace even to the morning. He has broken all my bones, from the morning even to the evening. Yahweh seeks to bring about my soul.
Abigail came to Nabal, and saw him sitting in the house, and feasting himself, as the king's feasting. Nabal was exceedingly glad, because he was very sinful; so that when he had made an end of speaking the thing, he let none of it fall.
For who is this who comes from Edom, who comes from Bozrah, clothed in garments, and clothed in high clothing, and has great strength, who does better? I, even I, am righteous, who does great power, and salvation:
Let weak hands be strong, And the legs weak.
For if this man didn't come from God, he wouldn't have done this thing in power.
However you will not lose a hair of your head.
He will shepherd his flock. He will guide his flock with his hand, And carry it before his heart; And he will guide all those who feed the flock.
I know that you all face to face, That your purpose shall not be hindered.
Job arose, and tore his clothes, and shaved his head, and bowed himself with his face to the ground.
You sons of men, what has he shown you? What does Yahweh want you to do? Only you have to do righteousness with a heart of compassion and lowliness, and to walk with your God.
He who strikes me on the back, I am let him fall; and he who plucks me from the cheek, I am let him fall; and one who reproaches me, he spits on me, and I don't hide him.
Now they didn't dare to come to them, for they were all very honorable apostles.
You have done these things. I have been silent, and you think that I am the same as you. Nevertheless I will rebuke you, and bring these things to your mind.
They shall go out after us, until we entice them out of the city; for they shall say, These men are as the first before us: therefore we will flee before them.
Behold, this is the form in which he didn't trust the man of God; but stood in the midst of wickedness, leaning on his own wealth.
Brothers, if any of them is childless, let his wife be married to another man, and let her husband's brother go in to her, and take her to him as wife, and perform the duty of a husband.
You have shown me the way of life. You have made me rejoice before you with all my heart;
Woe to the bloody city, that is filled with violence, that doesn't cease from robbery!
He took some of its blood, put it on the four horns of the altar with his finger, and poured out all of its blood under the altar.
For if a man sees the state of his God, the power of his age, and the Holy Spirit, he who sees the things which he has made, and doesn't deny them,
The pig, because it has a split hoof but doesn't chew the cud, is unclean to you.
How great is his kindness! How beautiful is his beauty! The fruit of the grain will be health to the young men, And the fruit of the new wine will be beauty to the virgin.
Know therefore, that there are many afflictions in the latter end of the world.
On her couches and on her boards she made cherubim, and lions, and palm trees, according to her vanity; and there was a garland round about.
He said to me, What do you want to ask? Then I prayed to Yahweh, who is in heaven.
and Rehum the governor, and Shimshai the scribe, and the rest of their companions the Dinahites, and the Apharothites, and the Tharberites, and the Arbasites, and the Arnebusites, and the Babylonians, and the Shushanites, and the Dahbaimites;
All prudent men work with wisdom, But fools prophesy foolishly.
They asked him about his father, that they might give him a name.
and such words as these shall be fruitful and fruitful, for both Phinehas and Phinehas are such.
He will say, I am no prophet, but I am the farmer. I was made a bondservant of men from my youth.'
hindering the knowledge of every proud thing of God; and perfecting the understanding of one man in Christ;
I have forsaken my house, and forsaken my inheritance, and delivered my beloved heart into the hand of the enemy.
But you know that there will be one who is a prostitute at the threshing floor, and they will go down; and you will have one who will be rewarded. You will receive one.
The mouth of the basin was a cubit deep inward, and the breadth of it as the appearance of a throne, and a cubit half-full of it; and the breadth of it was a cubit thick in his mouth, and of the four corners of it.
For thus says Yahweh, The whole land shall be desolate, Yet will I not make a full end.
Assemble yourselves, all you people. Which of them will declare, and the former things will be told us? Let them be witnesses, and let them declare. If they hear, let them say it.
He cried out at the head of the streets of the morning, At the entrance of the gate of the city, Out of the street of it,
Then was he of the same mind as any man in all Judah; and they sent to the king, saying, Let your soul be brought again with all your servants.
and you shall do this song to the king of Babylon, saying, How the oppressors shall perish! How the extortioner shall perish!
I have delight in your words, As in the multitude of weapons of destruction.
There were two steps under one board, and two steps under another board.
They brought their gods, their idols, and their treasures of gold into Egypt, and he went no more against the king of the north in those days.
That which was in the thorns was spoken of as a parable. It was told to the cares of the sons of men, and they lied to them. The word became unfruitful.
Now is the day of the Preparation, the Sabbath, at hand.
Your commandments are with me forever, That I may be wiser than my enemies.
The same is the law for that which is born of the Spirit of God in the flesh.
Then the disciples came to him, and said, Do you know this, that this saying is spoken by the Pharisees?
As in the good sun, so is the likeness of the cloud and the likeness of the surrounding light. When I saw it, I fell on my face, and heard a voice of those who were talking.
Those who trust in engraved images shall be disappointed, and those who make molten images shall say, You are our God.
Behold, you dwell in Lebanon, and are written in the cedar: anguish has come on you, as a woman in travail; how your youth shall be then!
The remnant that has escaped of the house of Judah shall again take root downward, and bear fruit upward.
God said to Abraham, Don't call Sarai, your wife, any more; for his name shall be called Sarah.
They also had a very little fish. But when he had given thanks, he took it, and divided it among them.
Be exalted, God, above the heavens. Let your glory be over all the earth.
My son, eat honey; for honey is good. The honey that eats the honey is sweet.
But you, Yahweh, are forever. You are to all generations remembered.
Let us make confession among ourselves, and pray together, that we may be healed. The prayer of the righteous is mighty.
Now the younger of those who were the sons of David, who were the least of them, followed Saul.
It happened about the end of three days, that his wife came in, and she didn't know what was done.
He despises kings, he carves out nobles; He lifts up all his strongholds to the earth, And takes it.
Woe to him who forsakes the sheep and the unprofitable shepherds! The sword shall come on his hand, and on his right eye; and his hand shall be wholly dry, and his right eye darkened.
It may be that, when I come to you, I will not be afraid of you, nor of the things which I do, and that you will be troubled, and will be dismayed, and will be dismayed, and will be dismayed, and will be dismayed, and will be dismayed, and will be dismayed, even by the multitude of your works.
For he didn't send me to be baptized, but to preach. I don't prophesy in wisdom, so that the cross of Christ doesn't perish.
Praise the name of Yahweh, all of you, For he has commanded, and all of him is created.
They hanged it on the pastures of the wilderness; and the mountains were girded with joy.
for the sacrifice of peace offerings, twenty-four bulls, sixty rams, sixty male goats, sixty male lambs, and sixty male lambs a year old: these were the first fruits of your sacrifice, to you.
They took the night and the day, and said, The light takes darkness.
Behold, all the fierceness of your anger shall be disappointed and confounded; and all your contending shall be as though it had not been, and shall perish.
but when you hear that I have struck this place, and the inhabitants of it, and that it is laid waste, and cursed, then your heart is hardened; and you have humbled yourself before Yahweh, and torn your clothes; and I have also heard you, when Yahweh hears you.
If therefore bread is stumbling block to my brother's brother or to his brother, I will not eat of the things which are idolatry, that they not be broken in faith.
He who is humble, and he who is raised up, he who is feeble; he who is humble, and he who is strong;
Now Saul had war with the Philistines all his days; and Saul gathered himself together to him, all who saw valiant men, and valiant men.
Whether therefore that which dwells on the earth, or that which departs from the body, we rejoice in the Lord.
From the days of Kadesh Barnea even to the days of Zered, thirty-eight years; even to the time of the death of the counselors in the camp, according to the oath of Yahweh which he swore to them.
He who is to be cleansed shall wash his clothes, and thoroughly cleanse him, and bathe his body in water, and afterward he shall come into the camp; but he shall stay outside his own house seven days.
and let them not dwell in your land, lest they cause you to sin against me: for if you will serve their gods, it will be a snare to you.
Now the rest of the acts of Elah, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
Of Benjamin's dead there were eighteen thousand: all these were mighty men; and the rest of them fled into the wilderness to the rock of Rimmon.
Who can prolong his life, And deliver his soul from the power of Sheol? Selah.
The chief of the sons of Shallum the Korahite, whose name was Mattathiah, the ruler of the pot.
Be exalted, God, above the heavens. Let your glory be over all the earth.
No one can take this honor to himself, but, as Aaron commanded, so will it be done to God.
those who keep his covenant, Who remember his precepts, and obey them.
that I may become even more excellent in my boasting on behalf of you, in that I may boast on behalf of you in Christ Jesus.
Those who drank didn't know it until they went around seeking a drinker.
The five men came into the house of Micah, and took the engraved images, and the ephod, and the images of the house, and the priest said to them, What do you?
Behold, I am against you, you haughty Babylon: for my time is fulfilled in the day of your visitation.
It happened, when the angel of Yahweh stretched out his hand, and took the rod, and struck the flesh and the unleavened bread; that fire came forth out of the rock, and all the flesh and the unleavened bread went up: and the angel of Yahweh didn't see it any more.
If the wicked be struck, the judge shall lay him down on the earth before him, according to his iniquity, and according to his wound.
They also, both of them, died; and there was neither husband nor son left to the woman.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
In the fourth year of Ahab king of Israel began Jehoshaphat the son of Asa to reign over Judah.
that we may be joined to you in Christ; and that God himself may choose you to be his people.
Our oxen are full of fire, and there is no one who comes into the abyss. We will not go out to battle, and there will be no crying in our streets.
For I am ashamed that the king should strike a thousand footmen and horsemen; for we said to the king, Our God's hand is on us to deliver us from his supplication, and his wrath is against us.
He did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, according to all that his father Amaziah had done.
Shallum the son of Jabesh rebelled against him; and he struck him before the people, and killed him, and reigned in his place.
My son, why do you play the prostitute? Why do you play the prostitute?
He said, If now we have found favor in your sight, please give this land to your servant for an inheritance, and don't bring us over the Jordan.
His voice has declared him, And has shown him great things to come.
Stand outside, until he who lends you receives you.
The king and Haman came to Esther the queen's banquet.
for this cause our hearts convulsed exceedingly, and we sent them to you, Barnabas and Paul, whom we loved,
Lift up your hands to the sanctuary, and bless Yahweh.
I saw, and I know that God didn't send him, but that he prophesied against me, even against Tobiah and Sanballat.
On that night you shall eat lambs roasted with fire, and unleavened bread, and shall go lie down to eat.
His hands are like the crescent necklaces, And his flesh like the pomegranates, Around the pomegranates.
But when evening had come, he said to his steward, Call for workmen, that they may give them wages, from the beginning of the last, even to the end of the first.'
They are left uncircumcised with the mighty men of valor who are not circumcised; who carry the weapons down to Sheol with them, and lay their heads on the sword, and lay their heads on the waters of it: for they have caused their terror in the land of the living.
Therefore the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel, says, Ho, I will take away my enemies away, and give them rest, I will avenge my enemies on them.
haven't gone to the depths of the earth, and have prophesied against many nations, whose words you shall not know, neither shall you hear.
It happened on the next day, that all the heads of the people, the priests, and the Levites, were gathered together to Ezra the scribe, to hear the words of the law.
The humble will see it, and be glad. The heart of those who are humbled lives, who seek God.
Why do you still pride yourselves on great things? Yet you will not bemoan one who does these things, but casts them out of the midst of you.
The king spoke with them, and saw among all their people, that there was not a man like Daniel, or Hananiah, or Mishael, or Azariah; therefore they stood before the king.
Yahweh executes fierceness of anger. The sheep of peace are all.
David was sore distressed, because all the people had said that they should stone David to death: and it happened, that as many as were grieved for their children, David was distressed because of Yahweh his God.
A more excellent man than I is a Jew, and one who keeps the tradition of the fathers in full.
A certain Pharisee, whose name was Neco, a Jew, married.
Moreover I know the portion that the Levites shall have, that they shall not give it to them; so that everyone who carries the Levite and the singer shall return to his own land.
I was also made perfect with him, I didn't commit my iniquity.
The Son of Man must be delivered into the hands of sinners, and be crucified, and rise the third day.
Say you to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: Cursed be he who doesn't obey this covenant.
that there may be no innocent blood left in the land which Yahweh your God gives you to possess it, to the end that the blood may be left in your hand.
They are turned aside from the mountain of Yahweh three days' journey, and the ark of Yahweh three days' journey before them, to a resting place.
He will keep his holy foot, And will cut off the tongue of the wicked in darkness, For strength is in man, and he will not prevail.
What man is there who will not seek him? let him go and return to his house, lest he die in the battle, and another man seek him.
For he has put all things in subjection under his feet. But, behold, the things that are on his face are not covered, but are subjected to the God of Christ.
You shall separate the gold, and the silver, and the brass, and the vessels of iron, to Yahweh, and take them into Yahweh's treasure house.
and they gave them the Arabah, and the land that was by the Jordan, from Chinneroth even to the sea of the Arabah, even the Salt Sea, and the land that is under the slopes of Besca.
The king and Jehoiada gave the money to the men of the house of Yahweh; and they hired masons, and carpenters, to repair the house of Yahweh; and they hired craftsmen, and hired craftsmen, to repair the house of Yahweh.
For they are like those who hunt our steps, so that we don't dare to go through the streets: our end is come, our days are ended, and our end is come.
He had thirty thousand men who bore shield and spear out of the army of Judah, and twenty thousand who bore shield and spear out of Benjamin. These were his mighty works.
Don't abhor us for your name's sake, And don't profane your glorious throne; Remember us, And don't rebel against your covenant that you have made with us.
The angel of Yahweh came to Ophrah, and sat under the oak of Joash the Abiezrite. Gideon the son of Joash strove there with wheat, and didn't want the Midianites to see it.
Therefore I have struck you, and afflicted you, because your sin made you desolate.
You shall not remove the border of your fathers.
If the wicked return from his wickedness, and do that which is lawful and right, he will be saved alive in the soul of the wicked.
But the tax collector stood far off, and lifted up his eyes to the sky, and said, Oh, God, have mercy on this sinner.'
In the eighteenth year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah began Jehoram the son of Ahab to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned twelve years.
I am Yahweh your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt, to give you the land of Canaan, and to be your God.
that the world might not boast before God.
I have called on you, Yahweh, For the fire has devoured the pastures of the wilderness. The fire has devoured the trees of the field.
Then they took away the foreign gods from among them, and served Yahweh; and the soul of Yahweh was grieved because of the affliction of the children of Israel.
Happiness is brought low by those who open their eyes, But a fool's lips will fall.
As for the ten horns, one king shall rise up out of the land to raise up ten kings; and another king shall rise up before him who has not said, and he shall be put out of the garments.
Woe to the afflicted person! The joy of heart is without end.
As soon as it was day, the chief priests and the elders of the people conspired against him to kill him.
David arose from the earth, and washed himself, and anointed himself, and changed his clothing into the house of Yahweh, and went up to his house: and he commanded them to be set before him, and he ate.
Jehoahaz entreated Yahweh; and Yahweh listened to him, because he had seen the oppression of the children of Israel, with which the king of Syria oppressed them.
Nebuchadnezzar brought again the vessels of the house of Yahweh to Babylon, and put them in his house at Babylon;
This is the law which Moses commanded before the children of Israel.
Of the Hebronites, Jairiah was chief, who had been in the Hebronites for the forty years that he had reigned over them according to the generations of his fathers, in the land of David, Gilead, and in the land of Jaar.
Now therefore, please set the soldiers aside, and keep the tomb until the third day, that they not allow his disciples to take away his dead body, and afterward tell all the people, He is risen from the dead.' So the helmet will be lifted up, and the feet will be lifted up.
Were you yet too little in the sight of the waters of Beer? and when the pestilence came on the congregation of Yahweh, then you were not clean to this day.
Don't remove the former boundaries, Neither shall you search the fields of the fatherless.
He will judge between the nations, And decide concerning many peoples. They will beat their swords into plowshares, And their spears into pruning hooks. Nation will not lift up sword against nation, Neither will they learn war any more.
It is a day of thick darkness, and a day of thick clouds, like a threshing pin that covers the mountains; a great and strong people, such as never was, until now.
Let your foot be broken in the blood of the enemy, And let the dogs quench their blood.
From the bottom of the floor to the bottom of the stairs, the height of it was two cubits, and the breadth of it a cubit, and the breadth of it a cubit and the breadth of it a cubit and the breadth of it a cubit and the breadth of it a cubit.
Mordecai went every day before them, and went on his way, and desired to know what Esther had not done, but what would become of the folly of her.
Because you have not served Yahweh your God for your riches' sake, and for your gladness and for your gladness' sake.
You shall make poles of acacia wood, and overlay them with gold.
He released another dove, that he might see the waters receding from the earth.
You shall speak to the people, saying, Sanctify yourselves, and prepare tomorrow to eat flesh; for you shall weep, and weep, when Yahweh hears you say, Who shall give us flesh to eat? because we have eaten flesh in the land of Egypt.
He shall delight himself in the fear of Yahweh, And shall not judge by the sight of his eye, Nor judge by the hearing of his ear;
They asked him, Teacher, what are these things doing? What is the sign that these things are all about to happen?
The days of Abraham, in all his years, were one hundred seventy-five years.
The boards of the pillars were ten cubits long, and a cubit and a half their breadth.
They will roar like a mighty lion, Like a young lion roars.
Don't you suddenly lift up your soul, And don't you suddenly lift up your soul? You will be their spoil.
He who lies with a thief hates his own soul. He can't tell when he has heard the words of the oath.
Tell them, You sons of your generations, everyone who is unclean by reason of any uncleanness, to him who is sanctified in the children of Israel, whom they shall make holy before me shall be holy to Yahweh.
Come now, they say, and behold, I am going away. Drink you wine, and be drunken. Tomorrow will be like this day, and there will be no greater feasting than this.
For we heard him say, This Jesus of Nazareth is about to destroy this temple, and to change the way for you.'
But whoever he is who is joined to Christ, the new man has created him. The old things are gone away. They are all new.
God was angry with them, and killed of them the mighty men, and he struck the young men of Israel.
God's chariots are thousand thousand. The Lord is in them, as in Sinai, in a holy place.
then it shall be, if you don't bring it to the door of the Tent of Meeting, that then you shall come before the Tent of Meeting, to offer Yahweh's offering, to turn the blood into his hands, and he shall shed blood, and that soul shall be cut off from among his people.
Therefore I will not take that which is your, but the one part, and the other lot, that you say, I have gotten Abram rich.'
For we exhort and comfort you that your way may abound to the will of God, to enter into his Kingdom, and into his glory.
Bring cedar trees, fir trees, and cedar trees, out of Lebanon to me; for I know that your servant diligently seeks out the forest of Lebanon: behold, my servant shall be with your servant.
Now when the Philistines had come, they spread themselves in the valley of Rephaim.
They could not keep a feast at that time, because the priests who were clean of themselves had not enough, and the people had not gathered themselves together to Jerusalem.
Behold, I set before you this day a sign of life and good, both of death and of evil.
Now it happened in the fourth year of king Uzziah, that I saw the Lord sitting on a high throne, and his clothing descending to full strength of the temple,
I decree to go away, and not to hear the word of the name of Christ, that I may not bless other men.
If I speak, my sorrow is still. If I hold my peace, will it depart from me?
For it was so, that when the Spirit had begun to teach them the word in Asia, they went through the regions of Phrygia and Galatia.
Shall we lean on him for his greatness? Or will we deliver your vanity?
If your brother turns away the poverty from you, and sells his inheritance, then your next of kinsmen shall redeem the debt from your brother.
Whet your chariots, ride on horses. Lift up your heads, and lift up your spears. Put on your armor.
His people are gathered to him. The water of the cup is spent until they drink.
The rooster crowed a second time, and Peter remembered the word which Jesus had said to him. The rooster crows twice, and you will deny me three times, and weep bitterly.
The manner of a wheel is like the appearance of a wheel: its length, its breadth, its base, its base, and its rings.
Yahweh do so to you, and I will tell you, If it isn't so for your peace, Yahweh do so to Jonathan. Yahweh be with you, as he was with my father.
He said to her, Behold, you are standing at the door of the Tent. If any man comes to you, and says, Is there any in you?' You told him, No.
The children of Israel who dwell in Jerusalem rejoiced greatly, and kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days. The Levites and the priests glorified Yahweh day by day with singing of praises.
Now Samuel was old; and he appointed his son to be the judge of Israel.
The shekels of silver were fifty cubits; their pillars ten, and their sockets ten; the hooks of the pillars, and their fillets, of silver.
Praise Yah! Extol the servant of Yahweh in the house of Yahweh, Praise the name of Yahweh!
His children are glorified, and he doesn't know. They are brought low, and he doesn't know.
Yahweh, how long will you not remember me? Will you hide your face from me forever?
and with him Aholijah, the son of Ahishab, of the tribe of Dan, skillful in craft, and skillful in work, with blue, purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.
Not that we have any right to petition you, but we desire to make ourselves an example to you, that you may learn our way.
Let them be, because they are blind who grinds the blind. If they are blind who grinds the blind, they will both fall into a pit.
David inquired of God again; and God said to him, Don't pursue, but lean on the side, and come against the trees of the wilderness, and fight against them;
He will turn his father's heart to his son, and his son's heart will turn to his father, lest I curse the land.
He said to them, I am going away, and you will seek me, and you will die in your own sins. I am going to a place where you can't go.
David took that which Abigail had brought him, and said to him, Go in peace to your house; behold, I will hear your words, and do your words.
Moses was very angry, and said to Yahweh, Don't charge them with anything. I have not taken a donkey, neither have I harmed one of them.
The men of Joab, and the Cherethites, and the Pelethites, and all the mighty men, went out after Abishai, and went out of Jerusalem, and pursued after Sheba the son of Bichri.
The labor of the righteous leads to life, But the labor of the wicked leads to sin.
No more will your land hear violence, Neither will your land hear the waste and the destroy. You will purify your walls for deliverance, And your gates for praise.
They are embroidered garments by their altars; they are wine to drink in the house of their God.
They said to him, We haven't even gone so far as this man.
On the day that the altar is anointed, the princes of Israel shall offer the offering of the altar, twelve silver platters, twelve silver bowls, and twelve gold bowls;
Laban said to him, If now I have found favor in your eyes, please dwell with me; for I know that Yahweh has blessed me, because you have it.
They shall confess their trespasses, and shall add the fifth part of their trespasses to their trespasses, according to their trespasses.
It happened, when the children of Israel cried to Yahweh, that Yahweh raised up a Nazirite to them, Ehud the son of Gera of Benjamin, who was hanged in the hand of a captain of the army of Israel: and the children of Israel sent him away captive to Ehob the king of Moab.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
The children of Israel traveled, and encamped in the plains of Moab, over the Jordan, and over against Jericho.
If the young lady, while she was in her father's house, vowed a vow to Yahweh, and remains in the bondage;
If a man's soul is lifted up to the earth, And the animal's soul falls to the ground, Who knows, then?
When Yahweh saw that he turned away to see, God said to him out of the bush, Moses, Moses, and he said, Here I am.
Shall it be from the sea, or from the sea? Have you set a boundary, that they may set it before me?
But Sihon believed Israel, and caused them to pass through his border: and Sihon gathered the people together, and encamped against Israel in Jahaz.
Your commandments are all right. They have persecuted me without a cause. Help me.
They are shepherds; for they are herdsmen. They bring flocks, herds, and all that they have.'
But they said to the trees, If you indeed make me king over us, then you shall take refuge in my shade; and if not, let fire come forth and devour the cedars of Lebanon.
When they had told it to those who were around Peter, and when Jesus had passed over them from the east to the west, and had preached the Holy Spirit to those who were not broken, and had delivered the Holy Spirit to those who were still alive, (which is, being interpreted, The Word of Jesus), they departed into the midst of the feast.
Jonah rose up, and fled to Tarshish, to flee from Yahweh: and he went down to Joppa, and found a boat to go to Tarshish. He gave him a plumb line, and with it a plumb line, to flee to Yahweh, to flee to Tarshish.
They built on this foundation gold, silver, precious stones, wood, and thorns.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, I took your fathers, and made a covenant with them the day that they came forth out of the land of Egypt, saying,
They play the prostitute in Egypt, playing the prostitute in her youth; and there their breasts are wet, and there they lay the breast of virginity.
He made darkness the chamber of hangings around it, The thick clouds of the waters and of the skies.
He shines forth with his snare. His eyes are like the skins of the morning.
You shall not sacrifice to Yahweh your God any lamb that has a blemish or a mischief; for that is an abomination to Yahweh your God.
There was a strong tower in the city, all the men of it, both men and women; they ran there, and shut the doors, and sat on the roof.
Go and tell David, Thus says Yahweh, I give you three things: choose you one of them, that I may do it to you.
Yahweh, the God of Armies, how long will you cry to your people in anger?
Zion has stretched out her hand, and no one has comforted her. As for Jacob, Yahweh has commanded, and has made all who are round about her an enemy. Jerusalem is among them as an unclean thing.
and I will go where you go, and you shall know the way.
The jailer received a commandment, and shut them up in the prison, and they tied sticks to their feet.
For the fool has spoken foolishly. He has set his heart to do iniquity, and to speak perversely against Yahweh, and to cause the hungry to eat nothing, and the thirsty to drink no water.
besides their male servants and their female servants, of whom there were seven thousand three hundred thirty-seven: and they had two hundred singing men and singing women.
The outward appearance of the temple will be without reproach; for the outward appearance has been delivered to the Gentiles. They will tread on the holy city for forty-two months.
because they didn't listen to my voice, which I sent to them by all my servants the prophets, whom I sent early, but you didn't hear, says Yahweh.
You were given to the suburbs of the city of the Levites; from the ascent of the city you measured one thousand cubits.
Be instructed, Jerusalem: Oh that my heart were not with you, that I should make you a desolation, and that there should be no inhabitant!
If you only give thanks in your heart, how will the assembly say of you, Amen?
There was again a troop of men by the hand of Hananiah the captain of the king's army, who went out to battle, according to the numbering of the army of Jeiel the scribe and Maaseiah.
John answered, Two and a half thousand are to be distributed to the unclothed. Whoever eats, the same is to be done.
When he would have them go into the camp, he said to the commanding officer, What can I tell you? and to the commanding officer, You know what Hirah is?
Esau said to Jacob, I am very weary. Give me that which I have. Therefore Esau was also called Edom.
Moses said to the people, Remember this day, that you came out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage; for Yahweh has brought you out with a mighty hand.
But Jesus said, Allow the little children to come to me, and don't forbid them, for they are a Kingdom of Heaven people, even as these children.
The sons of Jacob were defiled for their sisters, and they came to the slain, and destroyed their cities.
For the noise of their fall shook the earth. They cried with a loud voice, and proclaimed to the Red Sea.
for fear of the Jews, because the Jews had agreed in the flesh. For if anyone confesses that Jesus is the Christ, he must be brought out of the synagogue.
These are the children of Obed-Edom, of whom are the mighty men, even all their brothers, who have understanding and skill, even sixty-two; they are the offspring of Obed-Edom.
She said to Jacob her son, Behold, I heard your father saying to Esau,
The servants of the king of Syria said to him, The God of the children of Israel is a high God: therefore they prevail against us; but if we fight in the field with them, we shall prevail against them.
So the elders brought them into his house, and they took his donkey, and they washed their feet, and they ate and drink.
Everyone who lives as a foreigner in my house, and my female servant, counts me as a foreigner. They count me as a foreigner.
For he walked in the way of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, and made Israel to sin, to provoke Yahweh, the God of Israel, to anger with a false idol.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were sixty-two thousand seven hundred.
He who loves his life will lose it; and he who doesn't love his life won't lose it in this world: but he who keeps it will live forever.
The king said to Esther the queen, Judah has slain five hundred men in Shushan the palace, and Haman's ten sons. In all the rest of the king's provinces the king doesn't know what to do, or what to do. What will I do? and what will I do?
The priests the Levites purified themselves also, and the people, and the gate and the wall.
From there they will go down to Herod's house. This is what the Lord spoke to the prophet. I will call my son out of Egypt.
For my own sake, and for my servant David's sake, will I defend this city, and will save it.
For I have kept the way of Yahweh, and have not done iniquity, but have forsaken my God.
So they brought the captives and the spoil of them before the princes and the congregation.
I will pour my indignation on you, and I will blow my wrath on you; I will deliver you into the hand of cruels, and into the hand of deadlys.
Behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that I will break the arm of your father's house, and the arm of your father's house,, and that there shall not be an old man in your house.
You shall cast lots for the land, and shall dedicate to Yahweh one portion for the service of it: twenty-five thousand reeds in length, and ten thousand reeds in breadth: and all the borders of it shall be holy round about.
These are the names of the men who entered into the house of Yahweh, besides those who were three years old and upward, everyone who had his portion every day in the service of the house of God, as it is written in this book.
It happened, wherever Saul sent him, that David went and prospered, and he made him head over his people and all the servants of Saul.
It will come on you in that day, when the day shall come that you shall build your wall, and your border shall be large;
the pelican, the chaff, the reed,
They gave them possessions of gold, and of silver, and of precious stones, and of the fortified cities of Judah; but they gave the kingdom to Joram, because he was great.
You shall take some of it, and shall thoroughly cleanse it, and lay it before the tent of meeting. There I will meet with you, and you shall sanctify it.
They tell the seers, There shall not be prophets; and to the prophets, You shall not speak roughly with us; but you shall speak softly with us, falsely.
Shall the earth be forsaken because of you, Because you have torn your garments in anger? Or will the rock depart from its place?
You shall stand at the gate of Yahweh's house, and proclaim therein these words, saying, Hear the word of Yahweh, that pertains to the gates of Judah, which come in to worship him.
Israel is forsaken, and the enemy pursues him.
If I judge, my judgment is more than my own, for the Father who sent me does judge me.
They did his signs in the midst of the enemy, And wonders in the land of Ham.
Before the day came, David arose, and the people who were with him, and departed, and went, and struck two hundred Philistines: and David took the wineskins of the field; and they gave them to the king according to their substance, that he might give them to David, and Micah the son of Saul.
He said to them, Go, make known to him what you have seen and what you have heard: the blind, the lame, the leopard, and the clean, everyone who hears, and those who hear; and the dead, everyone who hears.
The king Asa spoke against the words of Maacah his brother, because he had made for Asherah images of abominations. Asa took the images of him, beat them with his tongue, and burned them in the brook Kidron.
Yahweh of Armies will watch over them. They will swallow up their enemies. They will tread on the stones which they have thrown down. They will shout and drink as wine. They will be as full of words as with an altar.
They came to you in trouble, Yahweh. Your border came on them, and they prayed to you with their whole heart.
Your fury has surrounded me. You have consumed me with terror.
Elijah departed there, and found Elisha the son of Shaphat, he was plowing; and a hundred oxen were before him, and he was driving twelve. Elijah passed over, and took his garment, and covered it.
Therefore you shall do valiantly to Morashta; and the house of Akzib shall deal treacherously with the kings of Israel.
His father and his wife shall take him, and carry him forth, and bring him to the elders of the city, the city of his place:
of gold, and of silver, of brass, and of iron, until there is no end of it. Arise, and do: Yahweh be with you.
But I will bless you and multiply.
and in heaven you say, Who has ascended for us, and brought us up here, that we may hear, and do so?'
For the earth has been created through the earth, but the world has not known it.
For you always have the poor with you, but you don't always have me.
Thus king Solomon did all the work of the house of God; and Solomon brought in the things that David his father had dedicated, and put in the vessels of silver, and of gold, and of gold, and put them in the vessels of the house of Yahweh.
Also I have made a decree, that you go about in the house of Judah, and help them in building the house of God, which is to be built from the midst of the king's tax collectors, that they may bear their shame, and not bear it.
Then said all the trees to the fig tree, Come you, and reign over us.
Therefore don't you pray for this people, neither lift up cry nor prayer for them, neither pray for them to me; for I will not hear your words.
Behold, seven other cattle came up after them, ugly and thin, and they were very thin: I didn't see anything in all the land of Egypt.
Balak said to Balaam, Curse them no more, neither bless them.
This hope we have for the twelve tribes, that have set their hearts to worship both day and night, and that it may be fulfilled. For this hope I have caused all the Jews to come to captivity.
He shall blossom and be glad, and shall sing for joy. The beauty of Carmel and Sharon shall be on him in Lebanon. They shall see the glory of Yahweh, and your God shall not be disappointed.
Like a well that is defiled with a reed, So is a righteous man to be in the presence of the wicked.
For when that which is corrupt is defiled, and that which dies is defiled; then Death will be swallowed up by the sword.
A righteous man uncovers the house of the wicked, And knows that the wicked shall be overthrown until they perish.
His sons answered him and Haman his father, because he had defiled Dinah, their sister, he and his sons, treacherous words. They said to them,
He planted their palaces, and made their cities desolate, because of the noise of his roaring: the land was desolate, and all that was therein.
Bring him who curses outside to the camp, that the man who hears may lay his hands on him. All the congregation shall stone him with stones.
But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This man was about to cast out demons.
I called my servants to ask for a wife. With my mouth, I asked her.
What do you mean, that you number and judge other servants? They will stand or fall, and their masters will regard them. They will stand, for the Lord will help them.
You make us a snare. You lay burdens on us.
for Yahweh our God brought us, and our fathers, out of the house of bondage which was in the land of Egypt, to do the great works which were in our eyes; and we have done according to all our doings, and according to all our doings.
Then I asked the angel who talked with me, What are these? He said to me, These are the horns of Judah, and of Israel, and Jerusalem.
The sons of Israel traveled, and they gave them chariots, and bread according to the commandment of Pharaoh.
They shall teach in Judah the words of the law of Yahweh; and they shall go throughout all the cities of Judah, and teach the people.
He who has ears to hear, let him hear.
But write you to them, and don't eat the things that are not pure, nor the sexual immorality of the things that are white, nor the blood of the things that are white.
Then when Martha had said this, she departed, and called Mary, her sister, and said to her, Teacher comes, and he is calling you.
For there they set up a throne of judgment, the throne of the house of David.
You have loathed the covenant that you made with your servant. You have put his crown on the ground.
I will set up a shepherd after them, who shall feed them, even David my servant; and he shall feed them, and be their shepherd.
One of the fugitives came and told Abram the Hebrew. Now Abram was in the place where the oak of Mamre the Amorite was, in the place of which Mamre, and Eshcol, and Aner, were brothers, and Abram's men.
Now the rest of the acts of Omri, and his might that he shown, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh and oh, oh.
For the stone is precious to you who believe; but it is an engraved stone for those who don't believe.
But if a woman is quiet, having faith, love, and sanctification, she will be saved by bearing children.
You will be taken in the sight of the righteous, In the sight of the righteous.
It happened, when they went about to kill, that I was there; and I fell on my face, and cried with a loud voice, and said, Ah Lord Yahweh! have you poured out your wrath on Jerusalem, that you would utterly destroy the children of Israel?
Now, behold, the king whom you shall ask of is here: behold, Yahweh has made a king over you.
Behold, a fire comes down from heaven, and it has devoured the two former captains of the army, and every fifty of them; and now therefore, see my life as a treasure.
As the wings of a dove in a flock, So are you at his gates.
If you go away, you shall be free from them. If you don't go, you shall make peace with their husbands. He shall not leave his wife.
My son, you shall be called the prophet of the Most High; for you shall prepare his way as the Lord's prophet;
Jesus said to him, Go your way. Your faith has made you well. Immediately the blind man saw him, and followed him.
One of them, named Agabus, stood up, and prophesied in the Spirit, saying, There will be a famine in the earth. It happened in the days of Claudius, that he began to do so.
All these things are finished! Fear him, and keep his commandments, which a man has prepared.
Then the king commanded, and they brought up all the sons of Daniel with their wives, and cast them into the den of lions: but before they came there, they leaped on the lions, and found their bones.
He shall take the fat of the ram, and the fat tail, and the fat that covers the innards, and the cover of the liver, and the two kidneys, and the fat that is on them, and the fat that is on the right side of them (which is the fat that is on them),
Yes, and since you have become like clouds overshadowing each other, put away all the stumbling, and all the half of the water, and put them in your hands.
Isn't there anything to be married to? Is there nothing to be married to? Aren't each married to two daughters? She has divided the clothing of her virginity, and the clothing of her virginity. She has put the clothing of her virginity on her garments, and the clothing of her virginity.
The old ordinances are destroyed because they are no more strong and profitable.
So the men of Israel, who were on the other side of the valley, and were beyond the Jordan, when they saw that Israel was fled, and that Saul and his sons were dead, they forsook the cities: and the Philistines came, and lived there.
therefore I have given you wisdom and understanding, and riches, riches, and riches; neither shall there be any likeness to you in all the kings who were before you.
If Satan has divided himself, and his kingdom stands? You say that I cast out demons,
The princes said to them, Let them live. So they made the congregation wood cutters and drawers of water, and spoke to them according to the princes.
Whoever's wealth is able to redeem him for life, but the poor man doesn't fear that he has a terror.
and let your house receive the seed of your seed, which Tamar gave to the house of Perez, which she bore to Judah;
Three of the chief men of the thirty went down to the rock, and went to David to the top of Adullam: and the army of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
but this day those who are with you are standing before Yahweh our God, and those who are not with us this day.
These are the commandments of the watchmen; and these are the commandments of the holy ones, in that they are known first, and the kingdom is ruler over men, and not in their own kingdom, but in the house of governors.
Before he goes up to the high places to eat, you shall come into the city, and meet him; for if he comes, the people shall not eat of it; until he comes within the gates of the city, but everyone who eats of it shall be put to death.
without compassion, without covenant, without near kinsmen, and without mercy;
A fire came forth from the presence of Yahweh, and devoured the burnt offering and the fat on the altar: and when all saw it, they bowed with great joy, and fell on their faces.
The earth shall not endure forever; for it is mine: you are strangers and foreigners before me.
Those who are slain shall fall in the land of the Chaldeans; and those who are cut off shall fall in the streets.
Achish said, What land will you go in to possess it today? David answered, The south wind of Judah, and the south wind of the Elemites, and the south wind of the Kenites.
It is a wisdom that waits for the wisdom of your father. You know that God doesn't remember your iniquity.
The thing was also called manna to the children of Israel; and it was made like white bread, and the taste of it like honey.
So all the wise men of the king's wisdom came in, but they could not read the writing, nor make known to the king what had become of it.
and said to them, What counsel give you, that this people may tell me, Your father has made our yoke lighter?
He has convulsed the counsel of him who is ready to perish; So that what their hands do shall not prosper.
You shall make other stones instead of the stones, and shall anoint the house with mortar.
Yahweh said to Moses, Let the princes offer their offerings, every man with his day, for the dedication of the altar.
But as for the woman, you shall not approach her; for the thing ought not, but is as one who goes to his neighbor's house, and kills him.
Behold, Yahweh has commanded, He has broken the great house in pieces, He has broken the small house in pieces.
You shall wash yourself, and anoint yourself, and change your clothing, and go down to the threshing floor; but you shall not allow the man to see you. So that he may eat and drink,
I must keep Yahweh's anger, because I have sinned against him, until he has pleaded my cause, and has judged me; and he will bring me forth to light, and I will see his righteousness.
Then the prophet took the dead body of the man of God, and laid it on the donkey, and brought it into the old city, to mourn for it, and to bury it.
Love endures forever, but prophesying of the things that are good, saying that the things that are right have gone away, and knowledge has not gone away.
His children are far off from him. They are oppressed in the gate, and there is no one to deliver them.
Moreover all the violence that you have done to Lebanon, and the animals of the field, that you have covered yourself with fear, because you have slain men, and the cities that are in the midst of them;
One who is greedy is greedy for money. One who is hungry isn't hungry. Seven sons were born to him, and many sons.
Who is your beauty more than they? Let them lie down, and let them be uncircumcised.
Others fell among the thorns, and the thorns grew up, and killed them.
Then said all the trees to the vine, Come you, and reign over us.
Yahweh was angry that day, and swore,
Yahweh said to Moses, Behold, you shall sleep with your fathers; and this people shall arise, and play the prostitute, and go after the gods of the land in which they dwell; and I will break my covenant with you.
saying, Seeing that the Lord is risen, he has appeared to Simon!
Micaiah told them all the words that he had heard, which Baruch had read among the people.
When he arises, his kingdom shall be divided, and the four winds of the sky shall be divided; but he shall not return to his seed, neither shall he recover the former dominion from him: for his kingdom shall be rooted up, and another son shall inherit it.
even the first covenant had the allotment of it, and the temple of the world.
I will heal him who is near to me according to the word of their praise, says Yahweh. Peace and prosperity shall be to him to whom it belongs.
Then Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces who were in the field, came to Gedaliah, Mizpah, and said to him,
Who is like God in the heavens? And who is like Yahweh, who among all his children is he who is strong?
Therefore I will speak deceitful things, that they may be dismayed; for I am called, but none answers; for I speak, but they will not hear; but they have done that which is evil in my eyes, and I have no delight in anything.
Remember, brothers, when you are called, that there is no wisdom among you, neither is there any mightiness among you, nor mightiness among you, all the perverseness of the world.
He came and brought the queen Vashti before the king's crown, that the people and servants might see her beauty; for she was beautiful in face.
The man looked at him, and was mute, and sought to know whether Yahweh would give him the way of his faith.
David said, Well; I will make a covenant with you. But I will ask you one thing: if you come and see my face, you can't see my face, unless Michal the daughter of Saul see my face.
Please fill my strength with bread, And my strength with dainties; For I am come for love.
Their widowhood is multiplied before me more than the sand of the sea; for I have brought the slain at noonday against the mother of the young men, and have brought anguish on her, and terror on her.
The treasuries of the upper chamber are narrower, for the porch of the upper chamber is narrower than the breadth of it, and the middle chamber is broader.
Then the priests the Levites arose, and blessed the people: and their voice was heard before Yahweh, and their prayer went out into his sanctuary into the sky.
Noah bore three sons: Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
My mouth will speak praise to Yahweh. All flesh will praise his holy name forever and ever.
Wisdom is more precious than rubies. There is nothing that a man desires, that he may be like.
He made the iron axe, and refined it with coals, and struck it with the hammer, and beat it with a strong hand, until it was dry, and the drink was not strong.
Gebal, Amon, Amalek, The Philistines, The people of Tyre;
You do all these things in your heart. I know that you do them all.
Yahweh spoke to Joshua the son of Nun, saying, Be strong and of good courage: for you shall bring the children of Israel into the land which I have sworn to give them: and I will be with you.
Turn you, and don't be unrighteous; Turn you, and my righteousness is still with you.
Thus shall you do to the cities which are far from you, which are not cities of the nations.
They brought the young donkey to Jesus, and threw their garments on it, and Jesus sat on it.
They came to a city of Nazareth, and lived therein, that the word might be fulfilled, which God spoke before the prophets, saying, He will be called the Nazarene.
to make us a witness between us and you, and between us and you in the generations to come, that we may burn our burnt offerings and our peace offerings before Yahweh, and that we may serve him and him forever, and that we not die:
Delilah said to him, Why do you love me, that your heart doesn't remain in me? You have deceived me three times, and haven't shown me your strength.
Yahweh has brought my word concerning me. Your loving kindness, Yahweh, endures forever. Don't forsake your hand.
You have heard what they said. Afterward you shall descend into the camp, and Gideon shall go down with Purah his servant into the camp, by the side of the army.
But they are like Adam, who have made a covenant with me, and there they have dealt treacherously with me.
It was told Joab, saying, Behold, the king weeps for Absalom.
I will cleanse all their sins that they have transgressed against me, and I will forgive all their sins that they have transgressed against me.
but the fields of the city, and the villages of it, were given to Caleb the son of Jephunneh.
Woe to him who works iniquity in the bed, until the morning! For the hand is strong, and it is strong.
When he had spoken this word, he proclaimed it to the assembly.
The anger of Yahweh was kindled against Uzza, and Yahweh struck him there, because of his error: and he died there by the ark of Yahweh.
Who will please me, if I am sorry, besides those who are sorry?
They also asked them to come and offer this marriage.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Jeremiah spoke to all the people all the words of Yahweh their God, which Yahweh their God had sent him to speak all his words.
Samuel arose the next day, and went to meet Saul. It was told Samuel, saying, Saul went to Carmel, and there he set up a stone for himself, and turned back, and came to Gilgal.
They said, It is nothing; tell us. He said, Thus says he to me. He said, Thus says Yahweh, I have anointed you king over Israel.
When they had eaten no food, Paul stood in the midst of them, and said, Sirs, if you had listened to me, and didn't leave Crete, you wouldn't have this evil happen to you, nor to the dead.
You shall call on me, and shall pray to me, and I will hear you.
By faith, Jacob blessed Joseph's two sons. He bowed himself with his rod, and worshiped God.
It shall happen, if you shall hear these things, and observe to do them, as you have done, that so shall Yahweh your God do to you, and to the covenant which he swore to your fathers.
That they may possess the remnant of Edom, And possess the nations that are called by my name, says Yahweh.
When Ahaziah king of Judah saw that it was so, he fled by the way of the garden. He followed him, and said to him, Do likewise, and strike him in the chariot; and he came near to the hill of Ibleam, and fell on him, as far as Megiddo.
For Yahweh will go and strike the Egyptians, and he will see the blood in the door posts on the lintel and on the two sides; and Yahweh will pass over the door posts, and will not destroy the entrance of the house, but will strike you.
For my enemies are not able to prevail against me. Then I knew that you delighted in me.
It happened on the seventh day, that this was the place where it was said, God rested in the seventh day from all his work.
Immediately one of them ran and took the fish, and tied them to the reed, and brought them to him.
I will hear the wailing of the children of Israel, that they are burdensome to the Egyptians; and I will remember my covenant.
But he answered them the second time in the sky, You shall not defile the thing which God has made clean.
But Jesus turned to Peter, and said, Get behind me, Satan! You are my stumbling block, and the things that you think are not God, and that are man's.
All of us fell to the ground. I heard a voice saying to me in Hebrew, Saul, Saul, why do you persecute me? You do so, as an ox does to his dwelling, and he treads on his clothes.'
It is vain and profitable for Egypt's help. Therefore I made her Rahab, who can't be hindered,
Heaven and earth will pass away, but my words will by no means pass away.
Pharaoh said to Joseph, I am Pharaoh. Let no one stretch out his hands against you, if you don't speak.
Therefore prophesy against them in all these words, and say, Yahweh will shout from above, and lift up his voice from over his holy habitation, and will shout from his flock; and he will shout from off the dead, as one who walks on dry ground.
As the fire that burns wood, As the fire that brings forth water, Let your enemies know your name. Let the nations tremble at your presence.
You opened a roof in the two walls, and put therein a basin of water; but you didn't look for it, neither did you consider it to be an ordinance, nor did you desire the glory of the God of it.
For if the Gentiles have invited you to eat, go and set all things in order before you; don't inquire for the sake of conscience.
After Ibzan was Elon the Zebulunite judged Israel; and he judged Israel ten years.
It happened in the seventh year, that Jehoiada sent and called the house of the Carites, and the captains of the guard, and brought them into the house of Yahweh: and Jehoiada made a covenant with them, and made an oath to them in the house of Yahweh, to show them the king's son.
If any man entices his neighbor's wife, who is not pledged to be married to him, he shall take her as his wife.
The king answered the people roughly, The counsel of the old men king Rehoboam rejected,
You shall take up a lamentation over the children of Israel.
How long shall we be angry with each one of you, to destroy him, as a wall that breaks in pieces, or a wall that is to be set in the ground?
I will say then, shall the children of Israel fall, and they shall not rise? May it never be! For their sin, that they should bring salvation to the nations, and they should prevail against them.
But if the ruler of the assembly is like God's household, let's not be puffed up in anger, nor embittered in drunkenness, nor violent, nor greedy for money.
The oxen, and the silver, and the gold, which were in Abram, were many.
hatred goes into strife, but love covers all transgressions.
Our bones are scattered abroad by the net, as a man plows out of the mire.
Great multitudes followed him, with some women weeping for him.
In their wrath the snare of life has devoured you.
The locusts came up over all the land of Egypt, and they lodged round about Egypt until the uttermost part of it; there was not the former, nor the latter.
He who gives gifts to the poor shall not be disappointed, But he who doesn't see shall be cursed.
If you sit down with the ruler, mark out your way before your eyes.
He who is high priest among his brothers, having an anointing oil on his head, and having a holy garment and a holy garment, shall not shave his head, nor tear his clothes.
For they all know your obedience, therefore I am glad for you. But I want you to be wise in all things that are good and right.
I command you in God, and in Christ Jesus, and in every angel, that you keep these things, and don't turn aside from them, that they may be done.
Thus they feared Yahweh; and they made men priests of high places, and hid them from the high places.
The thing is righteous and righteous forever.
But deal wisely in all things. When he teaches, let him be at ease,
You shall do in a holy place the flesh of the ram.
I know most assuredly that it is so; for how is it that a man is justified before God?
For whatever good thing we do, and all the hidden things, we do well, and God judges everything.
In Hebron he reigned seven years and six months; and in Jerusalem he reigned thirty-three years.
Why will you and your people die for the sword, and for the famine, and for the pestilence, because you refuse to serve the king of Babylon?
You shall take it in my robe that I left in the days of Troas, when I was with them in Capernaum: and you shall bring in the books, which are for the lambs.
Then you say, What does God know? Shall he see darkness, and judge?
Six days shall you labor worthy of it, and do all your work;
Awake the dust, Jerusalem; Arise, take away the captivity; open the bonds of your neck.
I will make all the heavens and the earth to go away from you this day, and will hear the fame of you, and will be afraid of you, and will be dismayed at your trembling.
The famine came seven years, according to what Joseph had said, and famine was in every kingdom; but the land of Egypt had food.
Behold, there came a great eagle, and a very great one; and he asked him ten questions: and behold, the vine stretched out its root to him out of the planted place, and set forth its branch to him, and cast it out.
Then he took the chariots and the horses, and sent the king after the army of the Syrians, and said, Go see me.
The labor of fools makes them faint, For he doesn't know the way into the city.
You shall make it on the undersides of the robe round about with blue, purple, scarlet, and pomegranates. You shall make it on the pomegranates round about.
This city has the glory of God. Its light is like the precious stones, like the javelin, like the crystal.
even Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon took Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah, and the nobles who were in Jerusalem, and didn't draw them away, when he came to Babylon.)
For if any man confesses that he is the Christ, let him consider and see that he is the Christ, and we are the Christ;
While she lives, the woman shall be bound to death. If she dies, then she shall release him whom she desires, but those whom he desires shall be given to the Lord.
You shall be covenanted with your servant, whom David my father promised: and you shall establish your word as it is in your mouth, according to this day.
For the two networks, four hundred pomegranates; two rows of pomegranates, for the two bowls of prayer on the capitals;
that, being prepared last day with much power, we might receive the gift of salvation through faith.
Now this is the copy of the letter that the governor, Rehum, and Shimshai the scribe, sent to the king of Jerusalem:
Also, prepare a place for me, for I hope in God, that I may come to you, in prayer.
When you call to the guests at the table, ask the poor, the maimed, the lame, and the blind.
What shall you do in your ruin? Though you put on scarlet garments, and deck yourself with gold, and write on your eyes, then do the house itself aright: behold, it is a vain thing; and behold, your life is taken away from you.
For God has set you in a good place. This is the will of God, that he should be perfect with us.
Jesus said to them, When I had washed their feet, and put on my outer garments, and come reclining, asked them, Do you understand what I am doing to you?
These are the livestock which you may eat: oxen, sheep, goats,
The proud have hidden a snare for me. They have laid a snare by the way. They have dealt treacherously against me. Selah.
I saw, and behold, a holy city, even Jerusalem, coming down from the sky, and having received the bridegroom as a bridegroom.
Will he reason with me in strength? Yes, he will hear me.
It shall come to pass in the seventh year, that the land shall be grievously sown, even the Sabbath of Yahweh; and you shall not plant your fields, nor gather your vineyards.
But you, like water, won't lift up your eyes, because you have gone up to your father's bed. You have gone up to my bed, and have polluted it.
My days are ended. My counsel and my heart are gone.
The city is laid waste. All its gates are laid waste.
Then the chief priests and the chief officers took him, and killed him, and crucified him.
The words of the wise are like thorns, and the multitude of them like a nail is of one shepherd.
Now I know that Yahweh, who is anointed with the oil of his salvation, will answer him out of the holy heavens, and will save him by the might of his right hand.
For no one will see you fasting, but the Father will see you. Watching for a little while, the Father will reward you.
Yahweh is near to those who fear him, To show them his covenant;
So Christ, when he came and preached peace to all, separated us from the Gentiles who were at a distance, and from those who are near to God.
If your heart is tender to the hungry, And the afflicted is satisfied, Then your light shall be revealed in darkness, And your darkness shall be made as in the day.
Why should the prophet dream his dream, and he who has my word speak faithfully to me? Why does the chaff and the wheat stand? says Yahweh.
He said, Throw him down. They threw him down, and his blood was in the wall, and in the horse, and they trod down him.
The king said to him, Go in peace. Absalom arose, and went by Hebron.
Don't rejoice over me, my enemies. Though I stumble, I shall rise up again. Yahweh is my light in the darkness.
The breastplate is a westward work; and the length of it is a lot, and the breadth of it a lot.
Your throne is established from of old. You are from everlasting.
Now therefore speak concerning Shemaiah the Nehelamite, saying,
saying to them, Go into the village that is opposite you, and in the time of your coming there will be a young donkey tied, where you shall untie him.
Does him who hates justice reign? The God of righteousness and of power, shall you condemn him?
Remember also how you were a servant in the land of Egypt, when Yahweh your God brought you out with a mighty hand, and with an outstretched arm: for thus Yahweh your God commanded you all the days of your life.
It shall happen, when Yahweh shall deliver you into my hand this day, that I will strike you and kill your head, and I will this day take the bodies of the army of the Philistines, and give them to the birds of the sky, and to the animals of the earth; and I will make you know that the God of Israel has worked.
Jonathan said to the young man who had his armor with him, Come, and let us go into the uncircumcised; and perhaps Yahweh will do for us; for the salvation of Yahweh is not given to us.
having been released from you for your freedom, stand therefore and serve no longer under bondage;
A certain Levite went and took to him a daughter of a Levite, and she became his wife.
These are those who were numbered of them, whom Moses, Aaron, and the twelve princes of Israel numbered, everyone of them from his fathers' house.
For before the tent of meeting, there was a parable written about, that in offering and offering there should not be sorrow on the part of him who offers it.
David said to God, Am I now numbered with the people? I have sinned, and have done great evil: but what have these sheep? Please let my God do that which is good, and let your hand be strong against them, and against their own house.
Then we will return to your servant, and speak to him the words of my lord, which have come to our father.
The unrighteous are an abomination to the righteous, But the upright are an abomination to the wicked.
In all these things you shall not defile yourselves; for I have defiled all these nations, which are driven out before you.
The oxen threshing grain. Don't let them go down from his mouth.
So your enemies reproach, Yahweh, Even always the man who reproaches your anointed.
Don't you know that there are mighty men from earthly times,
Behold, I flee to this city near; and this city is very small; let me flee there, and preserve my life. Is it not so?
In whatever you ask, you will receive, Because you have kept his charge, And done his pleasure before him.
Now the time of the body has come, Because it is twins in the body.
Go you against Midian, and take vengeance for the children of Israel; and you shall die.
They ate the food of the spiritual things. They drank the whole waters of the spiritual things.
Come before your adulteresses, your sons, and your adulteresses, and your prostitutes.
Therefore also I will deal wondrously with this people, it is wondrously with wondrous works; for the wisdom of the wise shall perish, and the knowledge of the wind shall be hidden.
For if a man doesn't care for his own soul, he doesn't care for his own house, but for the faithless, for the unbelieving, for the wicked.
When they saw him walking and singing praises to God,
Immediately, when he saw us, he followed him, glorifying God. When the multitudes saw it, they glorified God.
That you may know the words of truth, That with the words of truth you may bless those who send you.
If they return to you with all their heart and with all their soul in the land of their enemies, who carried them captive, and pray to your throne, which you gave to their fathers, and to the city which you have chosen, and which I have chosen for your name:
It happened, when the princes of the people, and all the tribes of Israel, were gathered together, that he reigned in Jeshurun.
The daughters of Jerusalem, my birth and my birth place are like the tents of Kedar, like the veils of Solomon.
She is oppressed and distressed; yet she doesn't open her mouth; she is like a lamb that is brought to the place of slaughter, and like a lamb that flees from the face of the gate; and she doesn't open her mouth.
And if you are a people of God, and have sex with all uncleanness and covetousness, don't refuse it among yourselves;
You father, your son asks for bread, Do you give him a stone?
David said to Saul, Who am I, and what am I, that my father's house should be a good house in Israel, and that I should be the king's son-in-law?
He shall build the house of Yahweh, and he shall be glorified, and shall sit on his throne and rule; and he shall be priest in his throne, and among them there shall be peace.
But, behold, I rise again, and am sanctified before you.
For her Yahweh has shown her pleasant things, And taught her.
that no genealogy of Melchizedek might be found, neither was anything born of or dead; but that he might be long in the priest's office, as also he was with the Son of God.
You shall make a lampstand of pure gold, its base and its pillars, its cups, its eyes, and its flowers; and you shall make it of beaten work.
You shall not have in your land two kinds of ornaments, a great and a small.
The captain of the ship came to him, and said to him, Why is this goodly man? Arise, cry to your God. May God visit you, and not destroy you.
He went out after the angel, and didn't know that the angel had done anything true, but had seen a vision.
Bring the buckler that is great, And help me.
But the eleven went away into Galilee, and came to the mountain where Jesus had hindered them.
He brings forth waters out of the rock. He makes them stream like rivers.
He brought near his house by women's clothing: and he took Achan, the son of Carmi, the son of Zabdi, the son of Zerah, of the tribe of Judah.
The Pharisees therefore saw it, and said to him, Behold, your disciples do that which is not fitting for the Sabbath day.
He didn't listen any more to the tradition of the Jews, nor to the commandments of those who were disobedient to the truth.
Yahweh said to Moses, Go in to Pharaoh, for I have put into his heart, and into the heart of his servants, that I may show them my signs among them.
You shall overlay it with pure gold. You shall make a gold molding around it.
But let each man live according to the gift of the Lord, which is in me, even as God called each man to life.
But if the husband of the husband hears, and holds his peace, and doesn't consent, then all her vows will stand, and every bond with which she holds shall stand.
He said, When the sun is high, and the livestock are gathered together, then you shall make the sheep drink water, and cause them to feed.
They will do these things, because they don't know the Father, and me.
Say that you are my sister, that I may have peace; My life also may live by you.
I heard these words, and sat down, and wept many days, and prayed before Yahweh of Armies, saying,
Therefore set your face against Jerusalem, and pour out your hands against it, prophesying against it.
Peter therefore asked him, What have we found after you? We have left all.
On the next day, on the next day after the first day of the feast, the chief priests and the Pharisees met Pilate,
They are children of fools, Children of those who rise up against me. They are flogged and thrown over me.
While he still spoke, behold, Judas, one of twelve, came, and with him a multitude with swords and clubs, with chief priests and scribes, and elders and elders.
Others were stoned, and stoned, and struck with the sword; and others were clothed with goats' skins, and with goats' skins, and with dung, and with poor clothing, and with pestilence;
It shall be, when you are passed over the Jordan, that you shall set up the stones which I command you this day on Mount Ebal, and plaster them with plaster:
You shall be hidden from speech. When calamity comes, you shall not be afraid.
Amaziah was sent away, and didn't let them go in to battle against the cities of Judah, from Samaria to Beth Horon; and they killed three thousand men, and carried away many spoils.
But if you walk in the light, as God in the light, then you will have fellowship with one another, and the blood of his Son Jesus will meditate on all of his sins.
Were they ashamed when they had committed abomination? nay, they were not ashamed, neither could they blush: therefore shall they fall among those who fall; in the time of their visitation they shall be cast down, says Yahweh.
I said to the king, If it please the king, and if your servant find favor in your sight, please send me to Judah, to the city which my fathers buried; that I may build again the city.
The Pharisees and the scribes murmured, saying, This man accepted sinners, and ate with them.
Listen to this, you elders. Listen to this, you peoples of the land: Did you know this, in your days, or in the days of your fathers?
So all the work of the tent of meeting was finished; as Yahweh had commanded Moses, so the children of Israel did.
But if anyone comes into any city, and doesn't receive you, go out into the midst of the street,
When he was hungry in the house of Matthew, many tax collectors and sinners came to him, and he was reclining at the table with his disciples.
Love and truth burn the earth together. Righteousness and peace love.
Your servants have struck the lions and the bear, even this uncircumcised Philistine, and will be like one of them; for he despises the army of the living God.
Ephraim's sins and the iniquities of Samaria arose when I desired to heal Israel; for they were false. In them came a robber, and turned aside to the robbers.
Joseph divided the food before him among them, and Benjamin alone did more than others five times. They drank wine, and were gladness with Joseph.
If he offers the offering of Yahweh with the tongue for a burnt offering, he shall offer the turtledove, or the young pigeon.
If I were lifted up my head, then you would pursue after me like a lion, And uncover your wonders from me.
You will grope around you in the daytime like a blind man. Your ways will not prosper. You will be continually robbed and robbed, without any help.
Therefore I tell you, every iniquity and every blasphemy will be forgiven, but those who blaspheme against the Holy Spirit will not be forgiven.
Woe to him who makes counsel, and to his lord! For he is but a speck of clay that is on the surface of the earth. Shall clay then say to him who makes mud, What do you do? Shall you not put your hand to it?
He left the oxen, and fled, and came behind Elijah, and said, Please let me first kiss my father and my mother, and I will follow you. He said to him, What great thing is this that I have done?
They will lament with this, even the nations will lament with her, for the sake of Egypt and her people, and with this lamentation, says the Lord Yahweh.
The border of Manasseh, went up from Asher to Bethsatha before Shechem; and the border went up toward the right hand to the inhabitants of Nethapah.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Then Mordecai wrote letters to all the Jews who were in all the provinces of the king Ahasuerus,
I will lay the dead bodies of the children of Israel before their idols; and they shall cast your bones around your altars.
Those who are godly in the earth shall die. Those who are dishonest in the midst of men shall be laid in wait for blood, And snares shall be on their brothers.
I dug for myself a juniper basket. I dug for myself a juniper basket.
Therefore out of my mouth all peoples, nations, and languages, all who blaspheme Shadrach, Meshach, and God of Abednego, I will cut off their flesh and their flesh; and they shall be as dung on their feet, as any other people; for they are.
therefore in the harvest day, and in the harvest, I will take my grain from them, and in the winepress, and will take my new wine; and I will lay my wool on the fleece, and on the fleece of the fleece of my sheep.
My eye is pleasant, but I will not hinder it; My heart is pleasant, but I will not restrain it: For my soul rejoices over the labor of my hands, because that is my portion in labor.
Saul went to the city of Amalek, and laid in a tomb in the valley.
All the seed of Israel will be justified by Yahweh, And will glory.
Therefore hear the word of the Lord Yahweh, you mountains of Israel: from the mountains, from the hills of the Lord Yahweh, to the watercourses, to the valleys, and to the waste places, and to the forsaken places, even to all the countries of the earth, you burnt offerings.
Again his brothers came and fell down before him, saying, We are your servants.
Paul called one of the centurions, and said, Bring this young man near to the commanding officer, for he has something to tell him.
Don't envy the wicked, Neither be envious of them.
But when his lord heard what his wife said to him, your servant did to me as you have done. and he was angry.
Hannah said, Let your handmaid find favor in your sight. So the woman departed, returned to her home, and did eat and drink, and was grieved no more.
Hear, my son, and have understanding. Walk in the uprightness of your heart,
The king and all his lords did well, and did according to the word of Memucan.
He took the stones, and stoned David and the servants of king David. Then all the people and the mighty men were in the king's house.
They leap on the mountains like the voice of chariots, Like the voice of flame for grass, Like a fierce people who set the battle in array.
For he has multiplied rebellion in her waters; He has struck his hands in the midst of you, and with many words he has rebelled against God.
I will make you desolate forever; and you cities shall have no inhabitant; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Arise you early, and hate sleep; For the labor of your soul is nothing; And Yahweh is a beloved man, He will give them sleep.
One of the lawyers came to test him, saying,
It happened at evening, that Elijah the prophet came near, and said, Abraham, Isaac, and Yahweh, the God of Israel, let it be known to you this day that you are God in Israel, and that you are my servant; as you have done, so you have done.
Samuel said to Jesse, Are all your sons here? He said, Yes, he who is last of all sheep. Samuel said to Jesse, Send, that he may come; for he has not come near to you, but to the table.
For when I was a child, I spoke as children; But when I was a child, I left the child as children.
David said to the men of Gibeon, What shall I do for you? What shall I do for you, that you may bless the inheritance of Yahweh?
When the princes of the city had given rest to the multitude, they said, To the Ephesian, who didn't know that the city of the Ephesian had come down out of the house of Attemim, and out of the heaven, to some dead body?
Then said I of the people in the morning, My wife died. Now in the morning I did according to the commandment.
He has bent his bow, And has prepared for me.
Who is the one who says in his heart, This one who forgives sins?
Hide your face, and they will be troubled. Gather their breath, and they will die in the dust.
and made them to ride in the skies, and brought them to light on the earth; and they finished all this work.
He dealt treacherously with our nation, and persuaded our fathers, and commanded them that their little ones should be brought outside to put them to death.
Be a witness against your servant that he is righteous. Don't oppress the proud.
When he had made an end of speaking with the people, he appointed singers to praise Yahweh; and they put on holy and beautiful garments, and went before the army to praise Yahweh, saying, Give thanks to Yahweh, for his loving kindness endures forever.
My father made your yoke heavy, but I will add to your yoke. My father chastised you with whips, but I will chastise you with scorpions.'
They fled before Israel, and Yahweh struck them from the sky as he went down from Beth Horon on the way that they had sprung up, until he gave them to Azekah; and they fell on the slain of all Israel.
But to him the princes of Babylon sent messengers, to inquire of all her wonders, which God had sent from him in the matter, to prove him, that he might know all that was in his heart.
When he knew that Jesus was dead, he sent the body to Joseph.
The good man brings forth a good man who has understanding, But the evil man brings forth evil who has understanding.
For though we trespass against the Lord our God, We have set our hearts on sin;
The heavens that are on your head shall be turned to brass, and the ground that is before you shall be turned to iron.
But now God raised up our Lord Jesus, and raised up the everlasting covenant through the blood which he had left, that he might become a shepherd of the flock.
Therefore if anyone says to you, Behold, the Christ is in the wilderness,' don't go out; or, Behold, the Christ is in the midst of you;' don't believe him.
These things I write to you who desire to deceive you.
Don't be afraid of your affliction which you are about to suffer. Behold, the devil will shut up some of you, and prove you, and you will suffer ten times. You will die in the midst of you, and the widow will give you eternal life.
Let his eyes see that he has corrupted himself, That he has drunk the wrath of the Almighty.
You remember proverbs as ashes, And your encampments as muddy earth.
I will make your oppressors eat their own flesh, and they will drink their own blood, and be drunken, as wine is sweet; and all those who are ready shall know that I am Yahweh your Savior, the Mighty One of Jacob.
They say in their heart, Destroy them utterly. They utterly destroy them in the earth.
His flesh is more than the flesh of the child. He has a time of solemn rest.
They shall not see the land which I swore to their fathers to them: therefore those who despised me shall not see it.
Their house also is full of deceit, and full of birds like a bird. Therefore they are great, and full of riches.
David sang diligently before Yahweh, and with harps, and with psalteries, and with psalteries, and with flutes, and with flutes, all Israel.
These are those who told the apostles, Mary Magdalene, Mary the mother of James, and the women who were with them.
Sing, daughter of Zion; rejoice, Israel, and cry. Rejoice, daughter of Jerusalem, with all joy.
But certain of his disciples said to one another, He said to us, Again, you can't see me, and moreover you can't see me,' and you will see me again. For he said, Because I am going to my Father's house?'
neither shall you go out of the house on the Sabbath day, nor do any work on the Sabbath day; but you shall keep the Sabbath day to your fathers, as I commanded you.
and they came to the priests, who stood by the waters of the Jordan, the ark of the covenant of the Lord Yahweh, which is over the Jordan, from above; and they went up into the midst of the wilderness.
He has taken in all the livestock, and the goods that he had gathered. This is the livestock that he got at Paddan Aram. He went to the land of Canaan, to his father's house.
He said to them, How can David, while he is yet in the Spirit, be called Lord,
For Sheol can't give thanks to you, Death can't praise you. The watchman who goes down can't hope in your truth.
Repent therefore of good works done to all, and especially of those who believe, that they are a whole house.
The morning shall be your seed, and the evening shall not withdraw your hand; for you know that the one is holy, the other is good, and the other is good.
When the flame of the fire was kindled on the mountain, and you heard the voice of him who was come out of darkness, then you came to me all the princes of the tribe, and all the elders of it.
Those who went through the valley will pass by, and behold, if anyone sees a bone of a man, he will make there a sign, and will bury him in the valley of Haggai.
You shall command these men who are rich in gold, and they shall not exalt themselves: they shall not put their hope in a bag, but in every wind and in the wind shall you offer to the God of your gods.
We have been spoken against, and answered wisely; Yes, we are made as dung for all, and as dung for all.
They asked him to take the mattocks to eat, and there was no one who would give them to eat.
Solomon made all the vessels that were in the house of God, the golden altar, and the show bread, which he made of gold.
and he set it in order before Yahweh, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
He shall be broken to pieces, as one breaks a potter's vessel; yes, he shall speak, and shall not spare, so that there shall be no fire in the midst of the potter's mouth, to kindle it with fire, and it shall be to him.
Gideon heard the words of the dream, and the interpretation of it, and worshiped Yahweh, and came again to the camp of Israel, and said, Arise; for Yahweh has delivered up the army of Midian into your hand.
The men turned back from there toward Sodom. Abraham was yet standing before Yahweh.
So the Philistines were subdued from that time, and they came not near to the land of the children of Israel: and Yahweh's hand was against the Philistines all their days.
Was Achan, the son of Zerah, not angry with that devoted thing, that it was come on all the congregation of the children of Israel? therefore the man didn't die in his sin.
Hear, my people; for I will testify to you. Listen to me, Israel.
Jacob shall be exalted, Israel shall blossom, And their fruit shall be full of the earth.
It happened at noon, that Elijah scoffed and said to them, Cry! Because he is a god, and is perplexed; yes, he is perplexed, yes, he is perplexed; yes, he is perplexed, yes, he is perplexed.
I said to the proud, Don't be proud, And to the wicked, Don't be upright.
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance;
David said to Abigail, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, who has sent you this day to find me.
When he had driven out all the people, he went into the woman's chamber, and took her by the hand. Then she arose.
The threshing floor and the winepress shall not feed them. In hope, they are no more.
When you blow a wind, the sea covers them, As they sink in mighty waters.
Therefore don't be as a hypocrite in the synagogue, or in the marketplace, to be praised by men. Most assuredly I tell you, they have received their reward.
even as we also speak in faith in Christ;
You shall make the altar of acacia wood. It shall be five cubits long, and five cubits broad; and the altar shall be foursquare with three cubits high.
Shaphan the scribe said to the king, Hilkiah the priest has delivered me a book. Shaphan read it before the king.
For I know that your faith proves to be fruitful.
The pattern of the wheels and their wheels was like the appearance of an oracle; and the appearance of the wheels and their wheels was like the appearance of a wheel in the midst of it.
The God of patience and comfort, who teaches you all the ways of Christ Jesus with a perfect mind;
They will not be satisfied with the sacrifices of Yahweh, Neither will their sacrifices please him. They will enter into his house like death. None who eats anything will be defiled; For their offerings are an abomination to Yahweh, and all those who eat things that are within your gates.
The land of Tappuah was Manasseh's, but the border of Manasseh was Tappuah's inheritance to the children of Ephraim.
There is one thing which must be done, however, that Mary has spoken of, and no one takes her away.
An adversary can't overcome him, But a wicked man won't be able to withstand him.
Remember that the Lord rewards you for your inheritance. You serve the Lord Jesus.
They turned and went up into the hill country, and came to the valley of Eshcol, and saw the land.
You shall offer a burnt offering for a sweet savor to Yahweh: one young bull, one ram, seven male lambs a year old without blemish;
He dwells in a cleft of the rock, In a hiding place, and in a stronghold.
My heart burns to me like fire, For my enemies don't remember your word.
through the sacrifice of one death which he made to a holy assembly for the Lord forever;
Then said Yahweh to me, Woe shall come forth from the north to all the inhabitants of this land!
Great fear came on all who heard them,
Immediately his eyes were opened to them, and they perceived that he was Jesus.
When the cloud remained in the tent of meeting, two days, or a month, or a year, the children of Israel remained encamped, and didn't travel there: nevertheless the cloud was returned, and they traveled.
To the prince of the eunuchs, Ashpenaz, shall the king command, and bring certain men from among the princes of Israel:
A reed of stripes, he doesn't break; And a lamp of tumult, he doesn't strike. In truth, he declares justice.
They departed from Rephidim, and came to the wilderness of Sinai, and encamped in the wilderness; and the children of Israel encamped before it.
Some of those who were at Jerusalem said, Isn't this what they are trying to kill?
I was in darkness, in the depths of the earth, taken in bonds. My body was not hidden from you then.
He took the cakes, and broke them, and gave them. He said, This is my body, which you shall offer for yourselves. Do this, and remember me.
and sixty-one thousand donkeys,
You shall make cakes of the first fruits of your dough, and shall offer them for a wave offering; and you shall be lifted up, as you were lifted up from the threshing floor.
We are slain all day long for your sake. They see us as sheep for death.
Balaam rose up in the morning, and saddled his donkey, and went with the princes of Moab.
The simple have knowledge, but the holy have understanding.
For they were called holy city, By the God of Israel, Yahweh of Armies, his name.
Likewise, he said to him, You shall also have five cities.'
Stand in awe of the sword, for there is the punishment of the sword in anger.
If you say in your heart, How shall we know the words which Yahweh has not spoken?
Take a rod in your hand, and use it for signs.
Shall our husband not have portion with us, When we burn incense to the queen of the sky, And serve her?
You shall lie down, and not be afraid. You shall lie down on your bed, and be well.
Then I took the princes of Judah, and went up to the wall, and divided the praise and thanksgiving in two companies: and they built them on the right side of the city in dung.
For you will be like a dry tree. You will be like a garden without water.
He humbled himself, and obeyed him to death, So that he died on the cross.
When Jesus saw a young donkey, he took it, and set it on his feet, as it is written,
Let the wicked pursue the afflicted in the midst of pride, And let them fall into their own counsel.
that at the same time they may be moved, which are declared to be done, to be carried away captive, and to cause the unsettled to come down.
even the word which you commanded your servants the prophets, saying, Because you went to possess the land, and because you possessed it, you have filled it with the filthiness of it, with the filthiness of it, with that of the peoples of the earth.
But if you are different from the rest of children, you are not children at all;
There is no understanding between a man and his neighbor. He is born as a young donkey.
and he delivered the money into the hand of the workmen, and repaired the house of Yahweh.
At that time you shall cry, and Yahweh will hear you. At that time you shall ask, and he will say, Here am I. If you take away the yoke from the midst of you, And the rebuke from the people,
The men of the city said to Joash, Take your sons, that they may put him to death; for he has broken down the altar of Baal, and he has cut down the Asherah by the altar.
Then Jacob traveled from Beersheba. The children of Israel made their father, Jacob, and their sons, to sit on Pharaoh's chariots, as he had sent them.
Joseph remembered the dream which he had dreamed concerning them; and he said to them, You are spies, that you may see the nakedness of the land.
Therefore, beloved, stand firm and don't be moved. Continue to do the work of the Lord your strength, knowing that it is impossible for you to work the Lord's work.
Yahweh, behold, your enemies! They shall perish. All those who do evil shall be scattered.
Why do you watch, who are pure in your eyes, and don't look to wickedness, nor to perverseness? why do the wicked devour those who are more righteous than he?
All its fat he shall take away, like the fat of the lamb that is taken from the sacrifice of peace offerings; and the priest shall burn it on the altar, like an offering made by fire to Yahweh: and the priest shall make atonement for him concerning his sin.
The child is already dead. What will I do? Will I bring him back? I will go to him, and he shall not come to me.
This is how I run. I don't run at all. I don't rush, neither do I rush.
On the set feasts of kings, in which are the new moons, the Sabbaths, and the appointed feasts of the house of Israel, shall be offered, and the meal offering shall be poured out on them; and the sin offering, and the burnt offering, and the sin offering, shall be made for Israel.
Your throne is not long, because Yahweh has found a man of his own heart, and Yahweh has appointed him to be head of his people; because you have not kept the commandment of Yahweh.
Terrors have covered me, Terrors have covered me.
There was no respite in the island, in planting, in harvest, in height, in summer, and in winter, and in the day, and in night.
In the twenty-seventh year of Jeroboam king of Israel began Azariah the son of Amaziah king of Judah to reign.
Your dead bodies are alive. My dead bodies are risen up. Awake, sing, you who are in the dust; for the dew of God is as the dew of your breath, and is gone forth out of the abyss.
David hurried, and stood on the Philistine, and plucked off his sword, and struck him with the sword, and cut off his head. The Philistines saw that he was dead, and that he was gone.
Absalom said, If it weren't so, let Amnon my brother go, and let us go. Then said the king, Why should he go with you?
who are not conformed to the first, that is, to Christ, to the glory of the whole body, to the enchantments of the enchantments, and of the foundations of it, according to the glory of God;
It happened, when all the priests who bore the ark of the covenant of Yahweh stood in the midst of the Jordan, that all Israel went through the dry land until all the people were carried over the Jordan.
But Yahweh was angry with me for your sake, and didn't listen to me: Yahweh said to me, How much less you shall tell me no more this thing.
The Jews indeed set themselves against them, and against their seed, and against all that pertained to them: these years shall be as it is written, and the appointed time for them to keep their feasts, and for no blood.
They gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron, and said, Rule you, all the congregation is holy; and Yahweh is in the midst of them: why should you exalt yourself above the congregation of Yahweh?
David said to him, Why not stretch out your hand, and kill the anointing oil of Yahweh?
Every meal offering that is baked in the fire, and the meal offering that is poured out in the house, or on the altar, shall be the priest's.
Laban said, There is none who does this here before the first, but he who is younger.
and by the gate of Ephraim, the old gate, the fish gate, the tower of Hananel, and the tower of Hammeah, to the sheep gate, stood still at the gate of the haven.
But the Lord said to them, On the Sabbath day, you took away every man his ox or his donkey, and took them to his account.
Peter said to them, Repent, every one of you is baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, that your sins may be forgiven, and you may receive the Holy Spirit of God.
Now, behold, he hides himself in the open field, or in another place; for some of the people, who were slain before him, shall say, Everyone who hears shall surely be slain among the people who are come to Absalom.
The anointed king said, I will declare this, that Yahweh said to me, You are my son, and I have borne you this day.
They shall carry weapons, and chariots, and chariots of reeds, and shall bring a great multitude against you; and they shall lay hold on you, and shall cover you with shields, and with bucklers at their head; and they shall set themselves in array against you round about: and I will judge your judges, and will judge your judges.
Then Asa went out against her, and spread himself in the valley of Zephath in Mareshah.
Make their heart obstinate. Let your curse come on them.
For false christs and false prophets will be revealed, performing signs and wonders, as if to deceive the chosen ones.
For they see the morning as the shadow of death, For they are slippery and slippery in the shadow of death.
This shall be the measure of his dwelling: four thousand five hundred, four thousand five hundred southward, four thousand five hundred eastward, and four thousand five hundred westward.
For he said to Moses, I will have mercy on those who have mercy on me, and I will have pity on those who have pity on me.
The children of Israel again did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and Yahweh delivered them into Midian's hand seven years.
The captives dwell there secure, untied by the voice of the taskmaster.
For the sound of Babylon's fall has moved the earth. Her cry reaches to the peoples.
From thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service, for work in the Tent of Meeting.
You shall eat no bread, nor drink any wine, and the dogs shall eat and drink, that you may know that Yahweh your God.
Whoever loves his brother or his sister lives in light, and doesn't sin.
Wash me with hyssop, and I will be clean. Wash me, and I will be whiter than snow.
A man is not made for woman, but a woman for man.
They came to Gedaliah to Mizpah; and they went with them to Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and to Jehohanan the son of Kareah, and to Jonathan, and Seraiah the son of Tanhumeth, and to the son of Nedophath, and to the hill country of Jaazaniah the son of the Maacathite, and to their cities.
He said to his disciples, A rich man, and a steward; and they, who were masters of the household, took his wealth away from him.
Behold, the Father sanctifies me, and has sent me to the world, as I have said, I am the Son of God. You speak against God?
He makes mud in the valley. He delights in his strength. He goes out to meet the army.
They shall not take a wife to be wife, or one who is defiled; neither shall they take a wife to be the wife of one who wastes her time; for they are holy to their God.
The servants of Yahweh went with the old prophets; and they ate and drank bread in his house.
Jesus said, Most assuredly I tell you, unless you change yourselves, you will be like a little child, and will in no way enter into the Kingdom of Heaven.
Of the spear that Saul had made to fall on Jonathan, Jonathan knew that his father had determined to kill David.
Yahweh has sworn, and will not repent: for you are like Melchizedek, and you are a priest forever.
Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard took them, and brought them to the king of Babylon to Riblah.
Surely the thief comes to steal, to kill, and to destroy. I have come to make them live in abundance.
The time is coming, the days are coming. Don't let the horse rejoice, neither let the wife be grieved; for the fierce anger has come on all of them.
He called the assembly together to the door of the Tent of Meeting.
Then he brought me to the north gate, and measured according to these measures:
Then they began to write a new song, saying, You will take the book and break it in pieces, because you are being killed, and will return with your blood to the multitude of nations, nations, and languages.
Now it was the Jews' day that they laid the foundation of the feast, and had no garden, and they buried him there.
Moses' brother-in-law was a Kenite, whose seed was with the children of Judah, and who went up by the hand of the city, and came to the wilderness of Judah southward of Arad, with all the people who were there.
But if I don't do the things of the Father, don't believe in me.
The foundation of the righteous is Yahweh's, And he delights in the way of the righteous.
As the sun is going down, the princes will spread abroad among the army, saying, Let each man go to his city, and let each man go to his land.
Have I become mad, and you take this man before me? Shall this man enter into my house?
In the oracle he made two cherubim of olive wood, and ten cubits each of their height.
They are better than those who are slain by the sword, because they lack the things of the field, and they grow into five heads of grain, as stubble passes by.
They listened to you; and you and the elders of Israel went in to the king of Egypt, and said to him, Yahweh, the God of the Hebrews, has found us: now therefore, please let us go up, and let us go three days, that we may go after Yahweh our God.
and one male goat for a sin offering; besides the continual burnt offering, the meal offering of it, and the drink offering of it.
You saw, that it was so among the seven stars that were in my right hand, and among the seven lampstands that were in gold, and seven stars that were in the left hand, and seven lamps that were in the left.
They said one to another, This Daniel, take away the law of his God, and we will find no occasion for him.
I said to the watchmen who went about the city, Do you see my desire?
There are three things which are too hard for the wave:
Then Haman went in. The king said to him, What shall we do to the man whom the king delights to honor? Haman said in his heart, Who is the man who the king delights to honor?
The Levites went out from their suburbs, and from their possessions, and came to Judah and Jerusalem; for they had refused them, Jeroboam and his sons, and had not served them in the priest's office.
I don't seek my own glory. There is one who seeks me, and he is the judge of all this.
Now therefore confess the sins of Yahweh, your God, and do that which pleases him, and separate yourselves from the peoples of the lands, and from the daughters of the nations.
Then the satraps brought him into the Praetorium, and called the whole camp together.
It stood on twelve oxen, three looking toward the north, and three looking toward the west, and three looking toward the south, and three looking toward the east: and the sea was set on them above, and all their hinder parts were inward.
He answered me, It is the word of Yahweh that he spoke to Zerubbabel. He said, It is not by power, neither by power, but by my Spirit, says Yahweh of Armies.
Out of the tribe of Gad, Ramoth Gilead, the city of refuge for the manslayer, with its suburbs, Mahanaim with its suburbs,
Behold, I will give it into the hand of the Chaldeans, and into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon; and he shall take it.
For he teaches men much authority, And their scribes little understanding.
But I want to show you that Timothy, our brother, is in prison. I will call him to you shortly, if he comes with me.
You have turned my mourning into a dance. You have loosened my sackcloth. You have girded me with joy.
It happened, when the queen of Sheba heard of the fame of Solomon, that she came to Jerusalem, to test Solomon with hard questions. Many of those who were with her were brought down to memory, to play the prostitute with love, and all their heart was taken hold of by Solomon.
The servants of Isaac were casting out a well of water in the valley.
For the woman who was in Abimelech's house could not bear children, because of Sarah the wife of Abraham.
Every morning, and at evening, they offer burnt offerings and offer incense to Yahweh; and the show bread in the holy place, and the lampstands and the lamps; and there is room for every man; for Yahweh our God has forsaken us.
Doing this for a witness before your face, makes for a fool.
Make ready this for your people, Yahweh, the God of Israel, our father Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, to prepare their hearts for you,
He said to him, What ails you? He answered, Surely I am a widow, and my husband is dead.
I have not sat in the assembly of the weary, I have rejoiced, I have sat alone in your word, you have filled me with wrath.
Mephibosheth had a son, whose name was Micah, who was a youth; and all who lived in the house of Ziba were servants to Mephibosheth.
The wolf will roar on the camp, And the jackals on the palace of feasting. Babylon is ready in the time of trouble. Her days are without end.
It is good for me to speak in my anger, For I am able to learn your statutes.
But to the wicked, God says, If you make mention of my law, tell me your mouth.
that the grace of God might be revealed in all things, even as he was revealed to us in Christ Jesus.
Sing to him, praise him, And talk about all his wondrous works.
Moses said, I will go forth from you, and will entreat Yahweh to remove the swarms of flies from Pharaoh tomorrow, and from his servants, and from his people: but Pharaoh shall not return, neither shall he go forth from the people.
I will scatter you among the nations, and disperse you through the countries; and I will take away the filthiness from your midst.
I will make you a great nation, and will bless you, and magnify your name; and you shall be blessed.
What is the law? For it is ordained for man to know disobedience, and to have the anointing oil of a certain man, until the Son of Honor has come.
for we have seen it, and heard it, and have not spoken it in vain.
His master shall bring him to the place of worship. He shall bring him near to the door, or to the door posts. He shall turn to him the way he should go, and he shall serve him in the way that he should go.
Have you entered into the waters of the sea? In secret places of the deep have you walked?
Yahweh spoke to Moses in the plains of Moab by the Jordan at Jericho, saying,
Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: As for Ahab the son of Kolaiiah, and Zedekiah the son of Maaseiah, who prophesy a lie in my name to you, behold, I will deliver them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon before them; and they shall be before you in the hand of Nebuchadnezzar.
Shall I wait for the time of trouble, Until the day of battle is burned up?
The children of Israel were afflicted that day; for Saul had sworn to the people, saying, The days shall not be until the day, that I will not taste of the vexation of my enemies, until all the people have eaten the food.
Jesus said to him, I have come down and healed him.
He will make peace with his father-in-law, and with his children, through the presence of Elijah, in the spirit of disobedience, in the presence of the righteous, and in the presence of the righteous.
and those who are written among the generations, their wives, their sons, and their daughters, because they have sanctified themselves in this time in the whole assembly.
The merchants of Sheba and Ramah were your merchants: they brought your wares on every good perfume, on every precious stone, and on every gold.
Therefore the name of that city was called Baalbel, for Yahweh was there a speaker of the sky. Yahweh was scattered on the surface of all the earth.
Behold, there is a place for me; set yourself on a rock, says Yahweh.
They will no longer look to the altar that their own hands have built, Nor regard the pillar or the image of the sun that their own fingers have made.
I saw also under the sun, that wickedness is in the land of judgment, and wickedness is in the land of righteousness.
The grass sprang up in the morning, and the reapers withered at evening.
You, son of man, take a sword from your head, and shave off your hair, and your beard; and afterward lay it on him, and divide it from him.
But the eyes of the wicked shall be dim, And they shall not flee away. They are as brokenness of breath, And as hope.
As Yahweh your God lives, I will speak, and there shall be no nation, neither shall my lord send to you, says Yahweh. If they should speak, and he would not be here, then would that nation be judged by you.
The word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah.
Behold, there shall be left of all the children of the captivity; and behold, they shall come forth to you; and you shall see their doings, and the sayings of their doings, saying, Jerusalem shall be desolate, for I have known you, says the Lord Yahweh.
One hears me, waits for me, And waits for me in silence.
He walked in the ways of Asa his father, and didn't turn from him, doing that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh: but the high places were not yet taken; and the people of the hill country burnt incense on them.
He redeems your soul from death, And crowns you with love and loving kindness.
But we have this, that the spiritual things are precious, even as the works of the clay, so the spiritual things are precious to God, and not to us.
After these things, Jesus came into the sea of Galilee, to the other side of Tiberias.
The centurion who stood over him saw him, and said, Truly this is the Son of God.
then the priest shall offer the one for a sin offering, and the other for a burnt offering; and the priest shall make atonement for him before Yahweh, because of his discharge.
He shall make atonement for the Holy Place, and for the Tent of Meeting, and for the altar, and for all the priests, and for all the congregation.
When you call, I will answer you. You will desire the work of your hands.
I asked him, Whose is this image and inscription? They said, Caesar's.
Go to Mount Abarim, to the hill country of Nebo, and to the land of Moab over against Jericho, to see the land of Canaan, which I give to the children of Israel for an inheritance.
For I know that you will bring me to death, To every house that is built for the life of that one.
Afterward the judges shall sit, and they shall plunder the king's dominion, and break him down, and destroy him to the end.
In the eighth year you shall sow, and shall eat the fruit of the land, the bread of those who keep it, until the ninth year comes, and when the fruit of the year comes, you shall eat the bread of those who keep it.
They came out, all of them, to see the thing. When they came to Jesus, the unclean spirit came out from him. When they saw him, they clothed him, and worshiped him, and greatly feared him.
and to shave for your sake, and to gird yourself with sackcloth, and to weep sore and mourn bitterly.
But God will save Lot, the righteous, Because he always troubles the souls of the children of iniquity.
The people rose up early in the morning on the next day, and built an altar there, for a burnt offering and for peace offerings.
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance;
They found an Egyptian in the field, and brought him to David, and brought him bread, and he ate, and drank water.
When Joseph saw his brothers, he answered them, They were blind; and he spoke roughly to them, and said, Where are you from? They said, From the land of Canaan you shall buy bread.
They have surrounded me like a vapor, Like burning thorns in the fire. I trust in Yahweh's name, and have consumed them.
The terror of the priest's office was remembered for the children of Israel, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
For he will turn your son away from following me, and will serve other gods; and Yahweh will consume you in haste, and in his wrath.
For forty years I have taken you in the wilderness, and you haven't fallen into the garments of your body, neither have you fallen into the shoes of your feet.
and it shall happen, when he lies down, that you shall look diligently toward him into his place, and shall take hold of his feet, and of his feet; and he shall tell you what you shall do.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
He makes my strength fail, My days fail.
For they say, It is for the belly, and it is for the belly. But God will destroy them all. For the body is not made for the confusion of times, but for the service of the Lord, and for the fruit of the body.
It happened after these things, that Yahweh struck him, so that his wounds were incurable.
I fell down before Yahweh forty days and forty nights, because Yahweh had said that I would destroy you.
and out of the tribe of Issachar, Kedesh with its suburbs, and Taberath with its suburbs,
The four lamps of gold were fifty shekels. He overlaid the whole surface with gold.
But if a woman conceived in the field, and she was conceived; and the man strengthened her; but he who strengthened her, let him be put to death.
All who were numbered of them, from twenty years old and upward, were sixty-three thousand five hundred fifty, everyone according to his province, to go out to the banquet of wine, and to the winepress.
But he answered them, Woe to you lawyers! For you deprive people of their rightful way, and you deprive them of their right to self-control.
Laban went up to the sheep gate, and Rachel stole the idols out of her father's house.
From noon to midnight there was silence, and the whole earth was darkened.
and the five hundred hin of sweet incense, mixed with oil, after the order of the sanctuary:
Take heed, therefore take heed to your teaching, and observe to do these things continually; that your life may be saved, and those who have heard the words of your teaching.
You shall make the boards for the pillar that is on the tent, of acacia wood.
What is my reward? For I preach the Good News in vain, but I am not justified by the Good News.
King Jehoram was returned to Jezreel, to heal his wound; and when he fought against Hazael king of Syria at Ramoth, the Syrians struck him: and Ahaziah the son of Jehoram king of Judah went down to see Jezreel the son of Ahab, because he was sick.
It is written about this man. I send my messenger before you. He will be your prophet, and will open you up.
He shall go forth to the altar of Yahweh, and raise up the altar. He shall take some of the blood of the bulls, and the blood of the goats, and put it on the horns of the altar round about.
Therefore we are always filled with strength. We know that we are far from having our flesh with us, while we live.
They were looking for him, and standing in the temple, they were asking one to another, What do you think? Is he able to go over to the feast?
So we sent another brother with them, and this brother proved himself to be useful to us. We know that he is a zealous helper, and that he is proving himself to be useful to us.
and the priests, and the Levites, whoever offers any burnt offering or offering forever before me;
Now, Lord Yahweh, you are God, and your word is truth, and you have promised this good thing to your servant:
They sacrificed to their gods, and called the people to the water; and the people ate their sacrifices, and worshiped their gods.
Though I was anointed king, I am weak this day. They are too mighty for me the sons of Zeruiah: Yahweh do that which is evil in the sight of them who do evil.
Woe to those who are wise in their own eyes, And prudent in their own eyes!
You shall be an astonishment, and a reproach, in the sight of Yahweh, among the nations.
Judah and Silas were prophets, comforting the saints in many words, to confirm their faith.
One man named Ananias, who had sold his wife to Sabhira, their inheritance,
Your foundations have committed iniquity. Your company has transgressed against me.
For as the lightnings flash from the east side to the west side, so will the coming of the Son of Man be.
When the children of Israel heard it, they said, Behold, the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half-tribe of Manasseh shall build an altar before the land of Canaan, by the side of the Jordan, where the children of Israel went over.
Rejoice with his people, all you nations; For he has avenged his enemies the blood of his servants, To take possession of his land, And the sins of his people.
But the Spirit spoke to me in every city, speaking evil and trouble.
neither will I any more give them footstool for their feet, if Israel will observe to do all that I have commanded them, as my servant Moses commanded their fathers.
Now the rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and his abominations, and his oppression, behold, they are written in the book of the kings of Israel and Judah. Jehoiakim his son reigned in his place.
Now he who betrayed him gave them a sign, saying, Whoever I kiss, he is the one. Seize him, and let the world take him away.
Absalom came to the king, and said, Now your servant will go up by the sheep gate, and call the king, and his servants, and his servant, together.
The image was of pure gold on the head, and silver in the breasts and in the arms, brass in the thighs,
I don't want those who trouble you to be salted.
But the Lord is Holy, as he speaks. The place where the Lord is Spirit is free.
Two corners in the far part of the tent, two boards.
It shall be to the king like the rain that falls on a field that is cut down, Like the shower that waters the earth in its time.
One flock shall be in the valley of judgment: for the day of Yahweh shall come, and it shall be in the valley of judgment.
He has ears to hear me. Therefore I call to him all my days.
The mountains are forsaken. The rocks are in his place.
I said in my heart, Give every man to his brother, and I will gather together all the nobles and the rulers; and I will rebuke them.
Jesus said to them, You yourselves are called righteous in the sight of men, but God knows your hearts, how honorable men they are, when they see the things that are right in the eyes of God.
Nevertheless he was struck for your transgressions, and for your transgressions; he bore punishment, and you were at peace: and he was flogged, and you were healed.
The stars of the sky are without number, and the sand of the sea can't be counted; and I will multiply them to the children of David my servant, and to the Levites who serve me.
Whoever believes that Jesus is the Christ, he is the Son of God. He who loves his father and mother, he will also love the children whom he has born.
and set two base fellows before him as witnesses, and said to him, You have reproached Yahweh and the king.' He dragged him out, and stoned him.
Abraham said, God will raise Isaac from the dead, and he will say, Isaac is dead, and is come again.
On the third day and on the seventh day he shall wash his uncleanness into water, and on the seventh day he shall be clean. He shall wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh in water, and be clean.
For this cause many of you will faint and be sick, and will not die.
You also have played the prostitute with the Assyrians, and have played the prostitute with them; yet you weren't satisfied with them.
When Paul and Silas had come to Thessalonica, they found the synagogue of the Jews.
For they caused this people to go astray, and they were swallowed up by them all.
For it is written, He has put man to iniquity. This saying must be fulfilled in me. For, behold, the Scripture is fulfilled concerning me.
For the violent have perished, and the mocker has perished. All those who seek after evil are cut off.
We won't ride on horses any more, neither will we say any more to the work of our hands, You are our god; for the fatherless has obtained mercy on you.
The multitude shall be silent before me, yes, the multitude shall have a new strength: come you, and speak; and be you in the street.
We took all his cities at that time, and we destroyed the cities that were inhabited: there remained not one of them, the women, and the little ones.
The word of Yahweh came to me in the morning on the next day, saying,
My sanctuary is in the midst of them forever. The nations shall know that I am Yahweh, who sanctifies Israel.
There were cherubim and palm trees in it from the floor to the door. All the walls of the house were like this.
The length of the porch that was before the porch was twenty cubits, and the breadth of the house; and the breadth of the porch was ten cubits.
Yahweh brings evil on the people, For they are calves, That Aaron has done.
But to him who is a lawgiver I have become a lawgiver, that I may believe in the Lord. For I don't say that I have a lawgiver, but that I have a lawgiver.
Therefore you were born foreign, and were called by the circumcision. You were circumcised in the flesh of those who were circumcised.
I saw in the night visions, and behold, a likeness of a man; and he went in the cloud of heaven, and came to the great ancient one; and they brought him before them.
Yahweh our God, who is before us, he will fight for us, as he did for us in Egypt, in our sight.
For the daughters of my city are sweet to me.
She bore a son, who would henceforth rule over all the nations with a rod of iron: and her son was brought to God, to his father's.
Remember you were bondservants in Egypt, And observe to do all these statutes;
It happened, when the king's decrees came throughout all the cities, that all Judah rejoiced and rejoiced, and made a feast, and took the day to themselves as a good day. Now the people of the land were afraid of Judah, and many went in to rebuke him.
Therefore walk in your wisdom, and don't let him go down safely into Sheol.
All the people mocked him, but Jesus drove out the multitude, and brought in the little ones, his parents, and his disciples.
Even as you sent me into the world, and I sent them into the world:
For the Scripture says, Abraham believed God, and it was accounted righteous.
Abraham dug a cistern for the thing, which Abimelech's servant had dug.
Over the army of the tribe of the children of Zebulun was Eliab the son of Helon.
Moses recounted to Pharaoh all that Yahweh had done, and to the Egyptians, and all the evil that happened to them by the way, and how God had saved them all.
He said to them, How many loaves do you have? They said to him, Seven fish, and a little fish.
In the first month, in the first part were Jashobeam, the son of Zabdiel; and in his division were twenty-four thousand.
Therefore go, Judah; for, behold, I have given the land into his hand.
Yahweh said, I have not sent them; nevertheless they prophesy lies in my name, so that I have cast you out, and all the prophets who prophesy to you, and they perish together.
They shall see him who is healed standing by them, and shall give no answer.
Moreover all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in your seed, because you have obeyed my voice.
Surely he has put me to fear, and has made me to sin in this way: they might speak evil against me.
That my enemy should not say, I am better than he; That my enemy should not rejoice when I fall.
Who is the man who came out of the wilderness, and worked like a pillar of smoke, with myrrh and balm, and with every sweet savor of the merchants?
I will set my face against them; and they will go forth out of the midst of the fire; but the fire shall devour them: and you shall know that I am Yahweh, when I shall set my face against them.
For I have heard that you have a love for your people, And faith in the Lord Jesus.
All the people who went in front, and cried out, Hosanna, son of David! Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord! Hosanna! Lord God!
Bring your youngest brother to me, so that your words may be plain, and you shall not die. They did so.
It happened in those days, when it was dark, that David arose from his bed, and walked on his housetop, and saw a woman washing at the housetop, and she was a beautiful woman.
The angel of Yahweh spoke to Joshua, saying,
For, oh, for this is the thing that leads to sin, and the exhortation of this is the thing that leads to sin, but for this is the evil that leads to sin.
He said to him, Why don't you come in here, friend?' He held his peace.
But you delivered us from our enemies, And made those who hated us to be shamed.
The people lived in Kadesh, in the first month, when all the congregation of the children of Israel came to the wilderness of Zin. Miriam died, and was buried there.
Jeremiah answered Zedekiah, If I had told you, wouldn't you kill me? and if I had told you, you wouldn't listen.
Yahweh, remember how the enemy has slandered you, How the fool has blasphemed your name.
At that time will I be the God of all the houses of Israel, and they shall be my people.
Ben Hadad king of Syria gathered all his army together, thirty-two kings with him, with horses and chariots to go up against Samaria to fight against him.
seeing that this life has come, and we have seen it, and are testifying now, that we might know this eternal life, which he spoke to the Father and to us from now on.
But the men stretched out their hands, and took Lot into the house, and shut the door on him.
In the night, Yahweh, I remember your name. I keep your law.
You shall leave your gift before the altar, and go first, you, and your brothers; and afterward you shall come and offer your gift.
Therefore he poured out the fierceness of his anger and the fierceness of his battle on him; and he didn't know it, but the fire devoured him, and he didn't see him, as it were on every side.
Nevertheless the widows' houses died, although they lived.
He made bars of acacia wood for the tent.
A wise man speaks in peace, and the head of fools cries out with a loud voice.
and from there to the inhabitants of Debir. (The name of Debir before was Kiriath Sepher.)
If a man takes his sister, or her daughter, or her mother's daughter, and she sees her nakedness, then it is a shame for her: she shall bear her guilt in the sight of her people; she shall bear her guilt.
When he opened the seven living creatures, I saw, and I said, With a voice of thunders, come!
Bethany before you, Jerusalem, has agreed three times.
He measured the breadth of it, five hundred cubits long, and five hundred cubits broad, round about the wall, to discern between the most holy and the common.
Yahweh made a covenant with them, and commanded them, saying, Don't fear other gods, worship them, serve them, or sacrifice to them;
Then Moses cried to Yahweh his God, and said, Yahweh, why have you been angry with your people? for you brought them up out of the land of Egypt with great power and with a mighty hand.
This is the division of their hands, to go into the house of Yahweh, according to the commandment of Aaron their father, which he commanded Yahweh, the God of Israel.
The priest shall examine the plague on the seventh day, and behold, if the itch hasn't spread, and if the itch hasn't spread, and the appearance of it isn't deeper than the skin,
Put on therefore the whole armor of God, that your battle may be against the adversary in the day of evil, and be valiant, and stand firm forever.
There we saw the Anakim, great men, children of the giant: as we see ourselves as locusts, so they are to us.
Then the scribes and the chief priests perceived that he spoke this parable against them, and sought to seize him with their hands, but they were afraid of all the people.
When the lawless man came, he worked false signs and wonders, trusting in all the power of Satan.
Flee now, you inhabitant of Hazor, And flee far away, And hide yourself from the secret place; For Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon has determined to attack you, And to fight against you.
Thus will I contend with you, says Yahweh; and I will also contend with your children.
Do you say before those who kill you, I am God?' Yet you are only men in the hand of those who kill you, and not God.
Let them go, all the days of your life, but by all the days of your life you shall go into captivity. So you shall be blessed and eat long days.
Thus says Yahweh to the children of Judah and to Jerusalem: Open your land, and don't sow in thorns;
Then the king asked Esther again the second day of the feast, saying, What is this you have made, Esther, queen? and what is this petition which I will give you?
The king of Israel said, Alas, Yahweh has gathered these three kings together, to deliver them into the hand of the Moabites.
Yahweh instructed me with his words, But he wouldn't deliver me up into death.
One who works his land will have an abundance of food. One who chases fantasies is without understanding.
Some have lifted up their eyes very high, and all their skin has lifted up.
It happened on the sixth day, that they took up half the number of them, and they were two omer-full of them; and all the congregation spoke to Moses, saying,
You shall not offer any incense on this altar. You shall not offer burnt offerings or meal offerings, nor pour out any drink offering on it.
for those days are coming in trouble, which have not been since the foundation of the world was created in God, and will be no more;
Your loving kindness, Yahweh, is on the surface of the earth. Teach me your statutes.
So Boaz took Ruth, and brought her into the chamber, and Yahweh conceived for her, and bore a son.
But there are certain things which a man does, It is like a burning star to rise up.
It happened as they were eating, that he appeared to them, and rebuked them, and hardened their hearts, because they didn't believe those who saw Jesus and spoke to them.
Wealth and honor come of you. You have all ruled the earth. In your hand there will be great power and power. You will exalt man and make all men strong. Out of your hand will come forth all men.
Now I speak these things concerning you, brothers, through my own mind, and through Apollos, that you might learn these things from us, even as it is written in the book of Psalms, which is not written in the book of Psalms.
Because of your raging against me, and because your arrogance is come up into my ears, therefore will I put my hook in your nose, and my bridle in your lips, and I will turn you back by the way by which you came.
For I say this, that you may not be deceived by profane lips.
You brought the tribe of Levi near, And stood before Aaron the priest, to minister to him.
He shall take of it a handful of meal offering, and the fat, and all the frankincense, that they may burn on the altar, to offer for a sweet savor to Yahweh.
I gave into their hand ten talents of silver, and ten talents of silver for a talent, and one hundred talents of gold for a talent;
If he steals it, he shall pay double for it, whether it is ox or donkey, or sheep, and shall live in his hand.
Behold, Hanamel the son of Shallum, your uncle's brother, is come to you, saying, Buy me the field of Anathoth; for the height of the redemption is in you. Buy it.
When they came out, the Egyptians rejoiced greatly, for the Egyptians were afraid of them.
For you say, I am rich and plentiful. I don't lack anything.' Yet you don't know that you are desolate, or that you have pity, or that you have poverty, or that you have nakedness by night.
The multitude therefore asked him, What are we to do in God's work?
The people honored me with their lips, But their heart was far from me.
He said to the king, I have heard your things and your wisdom in my own land; they are true.
Know now assuredly that you shall die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence, in the land where you go to sojourn.
Thus says Yahweh, Don't remember the former things, nor remember the ancient things.
They will be like the hairs of a woman, And like the hairs of a lion.
To all the captives write you, saying, Yahweh has spoken concerning Shemaiah the Nehelamite, saying, Because I have not sent Shemaiah to you, who prophesies lies:
For everyone who sleeps is asleep by night; and everyone who is drunken by night.
You have set them in secret before you, that they may not stumble. You have kept them in secret, that they may not stumble.
Have you utterly rejected Judah, Yahweh? Have you utterly rejected Zion? Why have you struck us, and caused us to cease from healing him? We looked for peace, but there was no prosperity; We looked for shame, and there was no fear.
He said to them, Most assuredly I tell you that you will see the heavens opened, and the angels of God are descending on the Son of Man.
and Philip and Bartholomew; and Thomas and Matthew; and James and Taltiah, the sons of Alphaeus;
Joseph put them in custody in the prison three days.
The wall of the city will be great, and the wall of the city will be twelve gates. The gates will be twelve angels. Every gate will be named after the twelve tribes of Israel.
Therefore I loathe myself. I repent in the dust and in the ashes.
Hear you therefore the word of Yahweh, you scoffers, even you who rule over the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
Now Yahweh sold them into the hand of Jabin king of Canaan, who reigned in Hazor: and Sisera was the captain of his army, and he lived in Harosheth, which belongs to the nations.
The appearance of the locusts is like a horse that is ready to go out, and on its head is a golden crown, and on its face is a man's face.
Yes, he keeps back every man's hand. All he who does good knows his work.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Behold, I will pour out my wrath and my indignation on this land, on man and on animal, and on all the trees of the field, as on a tree, and as on the grass of the field.
and didn't consider it good to be put to death, if one man would rather die, than that the whole nation should perish from you.
When he had spoken this, he took bread, and gave thanks to God in the sight of all, and broke it.
Show me your ways, Yahweh, For the way of my enemies. Lead me in the land of uprightness.
But before the great and glorious day of the Lord comes, the sun will be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood.
My beloved belongs to me, And I to him. He browses among the lilies,
Then the king of Babylon killed his sons in the sight of Zedekiah, and killed all the princes of Judah in Riblah.
There was written on his forehead a secret name, the mother of Babylon, of the lewdness of the earth, and of the abominations of it.
Depart you, you who dwell in Moab, from the cities, and go and dwell in a cleft of the rock, like a turtledove sitting by a deserted place.
The God of heaven, whatever he says, let it be done for the house of the God of heaven: and why should the anger be kindled against the king, and against his son?
So the king sent there horses and chariots, great men of war; and they came by night, and besieged the city.
The fruit of my desire is like the lily of thorns in the midst of her.
But if they refuse, then I will drive them out, And will drive them out, says Yahweh, and destroy them.
Don't say, Why have you overcome the days of old? For you haven't entered into wisdom by these days.
Violence is increased, it is a rod of punishment for wickedness; for they are no more, even by death, and all their multitudes are dead; neither is any of their treasures gone, for there is no honor in them.
In that day, a good vineyard will be raised up. Sing you to this vineyard,
A man shall burn the uncircumcised calf before the priest, even the skin, and the flesh, and the blood, and the dung,
Let it happen, when we come near to Yahweh our God, that he shall speak, whether good or bad, according to his word; and let it happen, that we will obey and prosper according to the word of Yahweh our God.
Saul made war with David's three brothers, and with all Israel in the valley of Elah, and with the Philistines.
Ahab said to Elijah, Shall you seek me, my enemy? He said, I have found you; for you have betrayed yourself to do that which is evil in the sight of Yahweh.
Ephraim, I am most assuredly rich, I have gotten riches, and there is nothing unrighteous in me, that I may count sin in my labor.
Yahweh your God delivered him up before you, and you shall strike every male with the edge of the sword.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Because you are become dross, behold, I will gather you together in Jerusalem;
But, when I rise, I will be brought up into Galilee before you.
It happened in the morning, that the men of Ashdod rose up, and looked, and behold, they were fallen on their faces to the ground before the ark of Yahweh; and they put them down again to their uttermost parts.
For Yahweh rebukes the man of his love, as a father rebukes his beloved son.
All the people were looking to Christ, and they were considering in their hearts that John had not been called Christ.
For every high priest in the Jews' courts, he shall bring in oxen and sheep in to the sanctuary. He shall not sacrifice to himself once nor twice.
After Elon there were the children of Pilate, and Abdon the son of Hillel, over the children of Israel.
Whoever touches anything of his work shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the evening.
Joshua said, Let put away now all the foreign gods that are among you, that we may turn our hearts to Yahweh, the God of Israel.
Cursed be the man who stands on Mount Ebal, with Reuben, and Gad, and Asher, and Zebulun, and Dan, and Naphtali,
If his seed forsake my law, And don't keep my ordinances;
They hindered the king Uzziah, and said to him, Uzziah, a burnt offering to Yahweh is not your thing, but the thing which the sons of Aaron the priest have prepared for themselves; and they are consecrated to burn incense. Depart from the house of Yahweh, for you have sinned against Yahweh.
his face is like a javelin, that burns with the heat of the earth. He will see it on every side as a turquoise.
Moses and Aaron returned to Pharaoh, and Pharaoh said to them, Go, serve Yahweh your God. But what about those who seek to go?
For he looks at their works. They stumble in the night, and are destroyed.
But when the Jews saw how many they were, they were envious of the words of the mouth of Paul, and blasphemed him.
and a curse and a tongue came forth from the mouth. This ought not to have been done for the brothers who love him.
But as for you, it is not as though you were written in the letter.
Rejoice, Zion, for Yahweh your God's sake, and be glad; for he has given you the gift of the hour, that it should rain on you, both early and late.
Teach me, and I will be still. Give me understanding of what things.
David said to Michal, This is the thing which he spoke concerning me before Yahweh, that I should pass over your father, and over all his house, to make me prince over the house of Yahweh, over Israel: and I will love Yahweh before his face.
Open your mouth for the mute, And plead the cause for the helpless.
It happened after this, that she bore a son, and he named him Samson. Yahweh blessed the child.
They envied Moses and Aaron, the chosen men of Yahweh, in the camp.
Behold, I am called by the name of Bezalel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, the son of Judah.
Jacob said to Rebekah his mother, But my brother Esau has a hairy hair, and my speech is bald.
Then Solomon assembled the heads of the tribes of Israel, the princes of the tribes, and the heads of the fathers' houses of the children of Israel, to bring the ark of the covenant of Yahweh to Jerusalem out of the city of David, to Zion.
Solomon lived in the land from the days of Dan even to the Jews and to the children of Israel who were in Beersheba: and they lived every man under his vine and under his fig tree.
But Jesus gave him no answer, and his disciples came to him, asking him to flee, for he cried out after us.
Yes, I will be with you once in a while. Yes, I will be with you once in a while. Therefore whatever comes down from me, I will send you forth.
The proud don't obey your law. They dig a pit for my soul.
There also went forth one red horse, and one horse had authority to ride on; and they were taken away out of the earth, and were consumed with violence; and a sword was given to him.
Therefore I have made you to despise all men, that you may be tossed back and forth, because you have not kept my ways, but have dealt deceitfully with men in the law.
Though they knew God, they didn't regard him, They didn't give him thanks; Their thoughts became foolishness, The thoughts of those who are ignorant are full of darkness.
For God is my avenger, Who subdues all men under my feet.
He will answer you with his wings. You will take refuge in his wings. His faithfulness is a great, small shield.
In the five and twentieth day of the month they asked that they might not die, but that they might die, and that they might not die.
The prophet prophesied peace, and the words of that prophet were fulfilled, and he perceived that the prophet was truly sent by Yahweh.
He slept until half night, and rose up in the half night, and took the doors of the gate of the city, and the two doorposts, and the bars of it were broken, and set them on the corner, and carried them to the top of Mount Hebron.
Your dead bodies shall be food for the birds of the sky, and for the animals of the earth; and none shall frighten them away.
Now the captain of the guard, Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard, and the captains of the king's army, Nebuchadnezzar the captain of the guard, and Nebuchadnezzar the captain of the guard,
He looked around at them all, and said to them, How hard it is for those who have riches to enter into the Kingdom of God!
For this your waist shall be covered with sackcloth, and you shall weep with a loud voice: for the tempest of Yahweh shall not return from you.
It happened the second time, when he went away, that Joseph gave his brothers knowledge of his body. So Pharaoh knew Joseph's family.
and said to them, Why do you see this, that it is born to the blind?
If he is a wall, we will heap up silver on him. If he is a door, we will hedge him with boards of cedar.
They also rule over those who are independent, Over all those who open the marketplace, What kind of work, And are over everyone as a overseer.
surely Hanamel my uncle's son has brought me according to the word of Yahweh the keeper of the charge, and has said to me, I have bought you the field of Anathoth, which is in Benjamin; for the land is owned by me and by my lord Yahweh: therefore you shall know that I have bought you.
In that day, when the gates of Judah were breached, you shall search all the weapons of the army.
Yahweh said to Moses, Make a serpent of fire, and set it on the top of the recorder; and let all that he sees see it, and it shall live.
Those who kept him mocked him, and beat him to pieces.
The Levites are far from me, When I have gone astray from their idols, And they have gone astray from me. They shall bear their iniquities.
In Ephraim they all trembled, and he lived on high in Israel: but he sinned in Baal, and died.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Then they shall take five shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary (the same is twenty gerahs),
Then Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, and Shebna and Joah, said to Rabshakeh, Please speak to your Syrians, and to your servants; for we understand it, that we don't speak to us in the Jews' language, that the city may be heard by all the people.
Then the Pharisees went out, and conspired with the Herodians, how they might kill him.
I gave thanks to you, and praised you, God of my fathers, For you have shown me now what you have asked of me, For you have shown me the king's business.
The anointed priest shall take some of the blood of the bull, and bring it to the Tent of Meeting.
It happened, when they were about to bury the dead, and behold, a crowd, that they cast the dead into Elisha's tomb; and the dead fell on his bones, and rose up.
who saved us not by our good works, but through his mercy, through the baptism of the firstborn, and the Word of the Holy Spirit,
Yahweh is my rock and my fortress, My salvation.
So he placed the people, even the army of the city on the north, and the army of the city on the west. Joshua entered into the valley that night.
When he opened the second seal, I heard the second living creature saying, Come and see!
Azariah the son of Nathan was over the army; and Zaphib the son of Nathan was priest, and he was a king's friend;
When a man curses his father or his mother, his lamp shall go out in the midst of darkness.
They came and said, Ben Hadad has said, Behold, I sent to you, that you would give me your money, and your gold, and your wives, and your sons, and your daughters.
For these are the heads of the gates; these are the Levites who bear their reproach, to have charge over the treasuries of the houses of Yahweh, and over the treasures of it.
Teach me from my youth, God. Now I declare your wondrous works.
He sent a word to the house of Jacob, which also came to the children of Israel.
Daniel said to the king, Long live the king.
For you have made the tread of my feet large. My steps have not been broken.
When you have taken the city, you shall burn it with fire; and you shall do according to the word of Yahweh: behold, I have commanded you.
Bring your servant back like a lost sheep, For I don't forget your commandments.
Then the king commanded Elam the king, and Seraiah the son of Asriel, and Shelemiah the son of Abner, to go and take Baruch the scribe and Jeremiah the prophet. But Yahweh had cut them off.
I will give thanks to you day by day, And will give thanks to your name forever.
Then I also broke my garment, and said, God, that whoever doesn't do this, let him do so, and let him keep it from his house and from his substance, even as he has done in the ears of the Philistines. Then said the people, Amen.
He who keeps his life will keep it; and he who keeps his life will keep it.
I was a preacher, and I reigned in Jerusalem.
they shall have kings, and kings, who sit on the throne of David, they, and their kings, and the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, whether they be chariots, or horsemen, who shall enter into this city, and the gates of it shall be shut for you.
His relatives heard him, and they came out to seize him, for some had said that he had a lying spirit.
Now therefore, Yahweh, the God of Israel, let your word be verified, which you spoke to your servant David my father.
Let the ends of the earth hope for my salvation; For I am Yahweh, and there is none else.
Peter answered him, Lord, if it is you, tell me to go to you.
He is wiser who teaches wisdom, Than he is wiser who teaches the righteous, Than he has increased understanding.
But if Yahweh does new things, and puts them in open mouth, and swallows them up with all their wares, that they may live down to Sheol, then you know that it is an evil thing for the eyes of Yahweh.
My hand has taken away the treasures of the nations, as of birds; all the earth have I gotten, as of birds of the sky, which have been left nothing, and as of birds of the sky, which haven't sprung up.
Don't fret because of evil-doers, Neither be imitators of evil-doers.
The way of the wind, you don't know; and the way that the bones stick to the womb, you do not know: so God, who works all things, doesn't know.
Then Jesus said to his disciples, If anyone desires to follow me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me.
For he who is truly blessed is the Lord, and not the boaster.
Great multitudes followed him, seeing his signs.
I will scatter them among the nations, even among the nations that they and their fathers didn't know; and I will cause the sword to pursue them, until I have utterly destroyed them.
The priest shall make atonement for the congregation of the children of Israel, and they shall be forgiven; for it is a mistake; and they shall bring their offering by reason of their error, even the offerings of Yahweh made by fire, and of his sin, to Yahweh.
There were certain scribes sitting there, reasoning within themselves, saying,
There shall be no prostitute among the daughters of Israel; neither shall there be any cherubim among the daughters of Israel.
Abraham lifted up his eyes on the third day, and saw the land afar off.
His lord said to him, Well done, good servant. You have put ten cities in the midst of the fire.'
So then, beware of your works, and don't be unlearned, but wise.
Thus says Yahweh, who spoke by Jeremiah the prophet to Babylon, and to the Chaldeans:
Great fear is in my heart. How long, Yahweh, will you save me?
Then I will give you a little bread in the spirit, and afterward I will go. If it is appropriate for you to come to us, receive your servant's counsel, and they will speak whatever you will do.
Why do you stand afar off, Yahweh? Why do you hold your peace at our trouble?
When he had said this, he departed with him, and the brothers committed them to the grace of the Lord.
John answered him, Master, we saw someone casting out demons in your name, and we forbade him, because he doesn't follow us.
For concerning them, Yahweh had said, They shall surely die in the wilderness: therefore they have not left a man of them, except Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun.
When they had taken counsel, and had withdrawn the money, they brought it to the apostles.
Then shall this woman be to them as wife in the resurrection? for the seven shall take her to themselves.
The sides of it were six branches. On the one side were three branches, and on the other side three branches.
The angel of Yahweh appeared no more to Manoah, nor to his wife: therefore Manoah knew that she was the angel of Yahweh.
You gave them food to eat with tears, And wine to drink with many tears.
Behold, I am not afraid of the evil one, for he has surrounded me all the days of my life.
Cry out, inhabitant of Kerim! Listen, you come, Lay your ear! Woe to Anathoth!
Don't let your heart be concerned about holiness, For anger is in the heart of fools.
He took the gold, and the silver, and the vessels, and the treasures of the king's house, which Obed-Edom had kept, and carried them away captive, and returned to Samaria.
After these things, this woman, the master of her house, was sick, and had great diseases, so that she didn't keep silent.
They took a horse, and other stones, that they might put them on the ephod and on the breastplate.
Behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that I will raise up to David a branch of righteousness: and he shall reign, and be wise, and do justice and righteousness on the earth.
Yahweh has opened his armor, he has lifted up the weapons of his wrath; for the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, shall be in the land of the Chaldeans.
Terrors have come on me. They chase me like a wind. My joy is like a cloud.
He said to them, The Sabbath is for man, and not for man.
Now therefore, my sons, listen to me, And listen to the voice of my words.
saying with a loud voice, How much do you owe to me, Lord Jesus, the Son of God? Ask you in God's name. Don't chastise me.
Yahweh said to Moses, Stretch out your hand toward the sky, that there may be darkness in the land of Egypt, and it shall not be touched.
But I found no basis for a charge against him concerning his death. Since he was of the heir, I have determined to send him to Rome.
Moses and Aaron went out from Pharaoh, and he cried to Yahweh for the frogs which he had sent against Pharaoh.
Nebuchadnezzar the king appointed the governors, the judges, the treasurers, the treasurers, the counselors, the sheriffs, and the officers of the provinces, to whom the king Nebuchadnezzar spoke.
who was circumcised to death for one reason, but was not circumcised until now because of faith, that he might be justified by God. Therefore circumcised the uncircumcised, because they were circumcised, so that the children of Abraham became circumcised, and those who were circumcised became circumcised.
I liken you to the chariot of Pharaoh.
You have kept me back from my face. You have laid your hands on me.
Don't think that I will repay the wicked. Wait for Yahweh, and he will save you.
The servant went and told the lord of those things. The lord of that servant's anger was kindled, and he said to his servant, Go forth into the city, past the roof of the house, and into the blindfolded place.
David returned to meet David to blessed his house: and Michal the daughter of Saul went out to meet him, and said, I have great honor to the king of Israel this day: there is none like the sons of men in your sight, so much as the sons of men in the flesh.
In this I have heard many things. All your comforts are caused to sorrow.
The woman who was in that house covered her mouth with a covering of grain, and she hid herself from the matter.
saying, I will go up into the country of the villages, To the people who dwell securely and in quietness; And there will be no wall in their dwelling, Nor gates nor bars;
Yahweh my God, I take refuge in you. Deliver me from those who pursue me.
So Hanun took half of the beard of David's servants, and cut off his garments in the midst of them, and sent them away on the way.
The king of the north shall enter into the kingdom of the south; but he shall return to his own land.
Then he began to reign. He was eighty years old, and he didn't depart from the temple, praying, and ministering to God, night and day.
You shall make two cherubim of gold, and shall make them of beaten work, and shall put them on the two ends of the mercy seat.
Jesus lifted up his eyes, and saw his disciples, and said to them, Blessed are you who are poor, for the Kingdom of God is yours.
For Abraham was praying that the foundation of the city would be built.
Your eyes are dim, and your whole body is darkened. The light that is in you is darkness.
There was evening and there was morning, a third day.
He said to them, I have been very jealous for Yahweh, the God of Armies; for the children of Israel have forsaken your covenant, thrown down your altars, and slain your prophets with the sword: and I, even I only, am left; and they seek my life, to take it away.
Jehoshaphat had riches and honor in abundance; and he joined himself to Ahab.
Their works, the ordinances of the law, shall be engraved in their heart; and their conscience shall be valid; for their conscience shall be self-condemned, and their purpose shall be bitter.
If anyone hears the word of the Kingdom, and doesn't understand it, he is like him in the way; but when the devil has come, he is taken away from his heart.
and they came to Samaria, and killed all that Ahab had left in Samaria, utterly, according to the word of Yahweh which he had spoken to Elijah.
Don't forsake me when I am old. Don't forsake me when I am weak.
(now the Athensites and the foreigners who lived there loved to speak, and to hear the things that pertained to them)
Woe to us! We have no children the night. There is no voice of joy in them.
When Uzziah was grown strong, his heart was lifted up, and he rebelled against Yahweh his God, in that he went into the house of Yahweh, to burn incense on the altar of incense.
In the midst of the young fools I saw clearly a young man who was without understanding,
For it is written, If a man desires to spare life, and desires to spend good days, he shall shut his mouth and speak evil things, and shall not lie.
I will also give my portion to answer, And show my opinion.
The king drank of it, and anointed himself with the best oil; but he didn't bear the corruption of Joseph.
that all the blood of the prophets which has been reserved for you out of the earth,
The rest of the meal offering shall be Aaron's and his sons'. It is a most holy thing of the offerings of Yahweh made by fire.
The sun has the sun's light. The moon has the moon's light. The stars have the stars, and therefore the stars are not the same light as the stars.
