He made a ring of thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and
His affliction is like light. Out of his hand shines light. There is his strength.
It was told Jacob, saying, Behold, Joseph your son comes to you. Then Israel hid himself, and sat on his bed.
For I have given you wealth and wisdom, that your enemies may not be haughty or blasphemed.
If your brother, or your son, or your daughter, or a wife of your heart, or a friend of your life, persuades you secretly, saying, Let us go and serve other gods, which you have not known, you, nor your fathers;
When we see you sick or in prison, will we testify against you?'
He heard the voice of Peter, and was glad, and didn't forget to open the door, and ran to his steward, and said, Peter was standing at the door.
Joshua said, Thus shall you know that Yahweh, who lives, will rule before you over the Canaanites, and over the Hittites, and over the Hivites, and over the Perizzites, and over the Gigashite, and over the Amorite, and over the Jebusites;
It happened on the next day, that the army returned to the camp, and sent the horsemen to deliver Paul.
Seven days shall you see no light round about you; neither shall you leave a little of the flesh of the sacrifice of the first day until the morning.
Jesus said to him, The salvation comes to this house this day, because it is Abraham's seed.
All the kings of the earth came to see Solomon, and to hear his wisdom, which God had given him in his heart.
Neither will the world see me any more, but you will see me; for I live, and you will live.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five male lambs a year old. This was the offering of Eliab the son of Zeruoh.
Peter and John laid their hands on them, and they were filled with the Holy Spirit.
He prepared seven trumpets for the seven angels, ready to blow.
Moses said to Aaron, Take the censer, and put the fire of the altar in it, and put the censer on it, and bring it to the congregation, and make atonement for them; for wrath has poured out on Yahweh, and the pestilence is gone out.
The king said, Return him to his house, and don't see my face. Absalom returned to his house, and didn't see the king's face.
When he heard these things, his face was shaken, and he departed from him, because he had much wealth.
neither shall you enter into the land where I swore to you; but Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun, shall enter into it.
When we cried to Yahweh, he heard our voice, and sent messengers to bring us out of Egypt; and we are in Kadesh, which is by you.
But the land that was afflicted was no more darkened; and God deceived the land of Zebulun and Naphtali, and gave it the way to the sea, and the border of the Jordan, and Galilee of the Gentiles.
For his eyes look at the way of every man, And see his steps.
It happened after this, that he died, and the angel brought him into Abraham's heart. The rich man also died, and was buried.
When they heard this, they were very glad, and set their heart to give him money. Judas looked, and saw what might be done to him.
Blessed are you in the city, Blessed are you in the field.
But Vashti the queen refused to come, and didn't listen to the king's commandment, which he commanded him: therefore the king was very angry, and his heart was burning like fire.
that I may return to my father's house in peace; that Yahweh may be my God;
All the males of the priests shall eat of them; it is most holy.
So love was perfected among us, that we might be happy and not afraid in the day of judgment, for we have the same life as Jesus in this world.
He has given us to be bondservants under the covenant of reconciliation, which is not written in letters, but in the Spirit; and the written word will die, but the Spirit will give life.
You have broken the word of God, because you want to keep your ordinances.
David did that which Yahweh commanded him; and they struck all the armies of the Philistines, from Gibeon even to Gezer.
We were born as Jews, and not as Gentiles, as they say.
But when the husband hears that he has cut him off, he shall bear the iniquity of the woman.
You were chosen according to the will of God the Father, and sanctified in the Spirit, that you might obey Jesus Christ, and that you might be sanctified in his blood. Grace to you and peace be with you all.
Let your father-in-law rejoice. Let your mother-in-law rejoice.
Behold, this is the joy of his way; and afterward another will come out of the earth.
His eyes are not far from the righteous. He has made them to sit with the king forever. They are exalted.
David lived in the stronghold that is in the midst of the country, and he lived in the hill country of the wilderness of Jihu. Saul sought him day by day, but God didn't deliver him into his hand.
There were also doors for three waters, for a measure and for a measure; so were the three waters.
You shall choose three men of your tribes, and I will send them; and they shall go out into the land, and walk therein, according to their number, and they shall return to me.
The earth will tremble like a drunken man, And will tremble like a drunken man. The waters will be on them, And they will fall, And they will not rise again.
But if God has mercy on us, and has given us this burden, we will no more be burned.
They shall bring your brothers again out of the midst of the nations; and they shall bring their horses, and their chariots, and their chariots, and their camels, and their camels, to Yahweh to my holy mountain, to Jerusalem; as the children of Israel brought their offerings in clean vessels into the house of Yahweh, says Yahweh.
The servants of God rose up early in the morning, and went out, and saw the army, and the horses, and the chariots circling the city. They said to him, Woe, my lord! what shall we do?
Jesus said to him, Blessed are those who don't see my faith, who don't see the sword.
All the gifts are to you like a whirlwind. They deliver the whirlwind to those who know it, and say, Read this, that I may hear it. He says, I can't read it, because it is raining.
Speak to the children of Israel, saying, You shall surely keep my Sabbaths; for they are my witness between me and you throughout your generations, that you may know that I am Yahweh, and that you may be holy.
So king David sent, and brought him up out of the house of Machir the son of Ammiel the Reubenite.
If God doesn't cut off the days, no one will be saved; but God will cut off the days for his chosen ones.
There were some sons of Hosah the son of Merari, of whom he was not a great-grandson; but their father made him a great-grandson.
For the Kingdom of God is not in words, but in power.
Abijah, sister to us, Abihippah, and the assembly that is in your house.
and cast their gods into the fire; for they were not God, but the work of men's hands, wood and stone, and they destroyed them.
He made a tribe out of one man, and put them on the surface of all the earth; and he numbered them year by year, with the border of the land where they lived.
For they have forsaken me, and have burned incense to other gods, and have provoked me to anger with the work of their hands: therefore am I angry in this place, as if there had been no fire.
Then Mordecai told him all that had happened to him, and all the money that Haman had said he would offer in the king's chamber to destroy Judah,
All the heads of the house, and the heads of fathers' houses, and the governors, and the governors, and the captains of the ships, shall make a decree to set a king's charge, and to set a supplication to the king in thirty days: and everyone who asks of any god, or asks of any man, shall cast him into the midst of the lion.
Yahweh God said, Behold, this man has reconciled himself to us, and has reconciled his sin; lest he again stretch out his hand to eat fruit from the tree of life, and live forever.
You shall bring your money again, and you shall requite him your money, and bring it back to him; for it is waste.
Behold, I have a word, my son. Behold, it is written: Write, and it doesn't fail; Read, and you shall be weary.
When we had made known to the king that the city was built, and that the wall was made good, then there was no place beyond the River.
But Abishai the son of Zeruiah kept watch over David, and struck the Philistine. The men who followed David swore to him, saying, You shall not go out any more with us after this time, lest you strike the lamp of Israel.
Moab has been peaceful from the beginning, says Yahweh, As a thousand wine, it has not poured out its vessels on other vessels, neither has it been taken: therefore her tent is still, and her tent has not poured out.
When they saw him, they marveled, and immediately they ran to greet him.
All the people wept for the dead woman. He said, Don't weep, for she isn't dead, but asleep.
We are fatherless sons and daughters. Our mother is like a widow.
Yahweh spoke to Moses and to Aaron, saying,
Caleb the son of Ebed said, Who is Abimelech, and who is Shechem, that we should serve him? Isn't he the son of Jerubbaal? isn't his captain Zebul? serve the men of Hamor, the father of Shechem: why should we serve them?
For Herod knew that he was righteous and holy. Therefore he was afraid of him, and kept him. When Herod heard the words of John, his heart was troubled, but he still listened with joy.
But they were afraid, and said, He has come from Galilee, and has taught in all Judea, and has troubled the people.
When evening had come, he went out, he and his disciples, outside of the city.
He said to the king, Yes, all that I have heard concerning you in the land, and your wisdom, is true.
When he had called Lazarus out of the tomb, that he might rise from the dead, all the people who were with him would be witnesses.
He became a mighty man in the army, and he threw into the earth a great army, and some stars, and trod on them.
The apostles testified with a mighty testimony concerning the resurrection of the Lord Jesus, and the multitude received great favor.
You shall do according to the statutes which they shall teach you, and according to the judgment which they shall pronounce to you: you shall not turn aside to the right hand or to the left from your judgment which they shall pronounce to you.
You shall understand righteous judgment, And walk in righteousness, And do all good.
The wrath of nations is fierce, and you are fierce. The time of judgment is come on the dead, and your servants, the prophets, and all the saints, and those who fear your name, have accounted for the time of judgment, both small and great: and the time of destruction has come on those who have corrupted the world.
Lamot with its suburbs, Anem with its suburbs;
Jesus entered into the house, and the blind came near. He said to them, Do you believe that I can do this thing? They said to him, Yes, Lord.
When Sanballat heard that we had built the wall, he was very angry, and wrathful, and he hurried against Judah.
Samson said to the Philistines, If you do this thing, I will avenge you of it, and it will not be.
Some of the tax collectors also came to be baptized, and they said to John, Teacher, what shall we do?
In the second month, many people will be gathered together to Jerusalem, and will be gathered together to the feast of unleavened bread.
Every abomination that creeps on the earth is abominable: it shall not be eaten.
If he has sanctified the land from the beginning of his life, then he shall make it holy according to your valuation.
Aaron and his sons shall offer the offering of Yahweh in the day of his anointing, one hundred tenth parts of an ephah of fine flour, for a continual meal offering, morning by morning, and evening by night.
The high priest stood up and said to him, What do these men tell you? Why don't you answer?
When all the people heard these things, they marveled, and said to Peter and to the rest of the apostles, What shall we do, brothers?
Woe to the wicked! Woe to him! For he will be repaid for his ways!
There is a man who does abomination with his neighbor's wife, and there is a man who profanes his soul, and defiles it; and there is a man among you who profanes his sister, the daughter of his father.
and acacia wood, and the oil for the lampstand; and the incense of sweet spices for an anointing oil, and for a sweet savor;
In that day Moses commanded the people, saying,
Recall this, and be a witness. Remind the rebellious with a heart.
They prophesied from day to day until the evening offering; but they didn't speak, neither answered, nor listened to them.
The people murmured against Moses, saying, What shall we drink?
The woman answered him, No, Sinser. Jesus said, I will not condemn you, but go you, and don't sin again afterward.
After this, I will pour out my Spirit on all flesh. Your children will speak as prophets, and your old men will have hope, and your young men will see visions.
The king went in every time into the house of Yahweh; and the captain of the guard took the shields; and he returned, and put them in the captain of the guard's house.
But if God has made us enter into his rest, let us have fear in our hearts, lest there be in the midst of you any think that he can't do this promise.
The Lord Yahweh said, I will command my mountains to send forth a sword against Gog; and every man shall kill his brother with his sword.
All the trees of the field shall know that I, Yahweh, have lifted up the high tree, and lifted up the low tree, and the green tree has dried up, and the dry tree is not fruitful: thus has I, Yahweh, spoken, and done it.
You have taken away all your wrath. You have turned away your wrath.
When he saw that the dream was good, he said to Joseph, I saw also in my dream, and there were cakes of bread on my head.
Therefore God raised him up to the highest of the heavens, and gave him the name of all his glory.
The beauty of Zion is gone, the beauty of her daughter. Her princes are like wolves without footstool. They have no strength. They are driven before those who pursue her.
For you know God and our Lord Jesus Christ. Be filled with grace and peace.
Yahweh has shown me four evils.
He said moreover in parables to them, A man took a vineyard, and put up a wall around it, and put a potter's jar in it, and built a tower, and gave it to the farmers, and they went to another place.
A wise counseler is blessed, But the saints are under oppression.
Jesus answered them, How is this generation without faith? Should I stay with you? Should I work with you? Bring to me your son who has the demon.
But I will bring in your little ones, whom you have said shall go into captivity; and they shall know that you have forsaken the land.
Hear you these words, for the Son of Man is about to be delivered into the hand of man.
It happened, when the Almighty God scattered the kings in it, that the earth was as the snow on Mount Salmund.
Yahweh said to Abram, You shall surely know that your seed shall be a stranger in another land, and shall serve the men of the land; and the men of the land shall afflict them four hundred years.
He who is with him, he doesn't sin. He who sins, he didn't see him, he doesn't know him.
Therefore don't be anxious for tomorrow's things. Tomorrow's things will be anxious for tomorrow's things, and tomorrow's affliction for tomorrow's troubles.
When I returned, behold, there were many trees on the two sides of the river on the way.
He didn't drive out Akho, who lived in Sidon, Ahiklah, Achib, Higba, Ahutchik, and the people of Rehob.
You shall cut down for the cleanness of the house two birds, and cedar wood, and scarlet, and hyssop.
The scribes were able to take them with their hands; but they lived in the king's house.
He made a high place in the synagogue, and a high place in the feasts.
David asked again of Yahweh; and Yahweh answered him, Arise, go down to Keilah; for I will deliver the Philistines into your hand.
The secrets of the heart will be revealed, and they will fall down and worship God, saying, God is in the midst of you.
Hokkaido with its suburbs, Rehob with its suburbs;
He has made ashes his food, and his heart is broken, and he has made him a desolation. He can't save himself, neither can he say, Isn't my right hand a liar?
When he had said this, he showed them his hands and his feet.
He waited seven days, and let the donkeys go out; and the donkeys returned no more.
It happened on the eighth day, that the king sent the people away; and they blessed the king; for all the favor of Yahweh which he had given to David his servant, and to his people Israel, they rejoiced, and were glad in their heart, and returned every man to his tent.
He said to them, Hear now a parable. A vineyard is built on a plot, with a treasury, and a winepress in it, and a watchtower in it. He gave it to the farmers, and they went out.
Therefore I command you to eat; for it is your salvation; for there is not a hairy head among you.
So the husband shall love his own woman as his own body. He who loves his own woman is his own body.
You have done all these things, says the Lord Yahweh: you have done the work of prostitutes. Your heart is afflicted.
A man is filled with the fruit of his mouth. He is rewarded according to the work of his hands.
Righteousness preserves the upright. Iniquity destroys those who sin.
You shall say in the morning, It shall not be dark this time;' and in the night, It shall not be light this time.'
The Jews therefore said to him, Who said to you, Get up, and walk?'
When I was in the house of Thessalonica, you also sent for my need.
Those who receive him for the name of the prophet shall be able to discern the reward of the prophet.
I will do a thing against you, and I will strike you seven times for your sins.
Of Israel, his name shall be called The house of the sluggard.'
If anyone commits adultery with his handmaid, before he is appointed, and before he is freed, both of them shall be punished; but they shall not be put to death; for the handmaid is not freed.
In that day you shall say, Give thanks to Yahweh, and call on his name, and proclaim among the nations his ways, that his name is exalted.
Now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam, and all that he did, and his might, and how he dealt with war, and with Damascus and Hamath, who were of Judah, and brought them again into Israel, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
He lies in wait for sin on his bed. He sets his heart to do evil. He doesn't abhor evil.
In that day, says Yahweh, I will again raise up David's tent, which is fallen; and I will also heal his wounds, and will build up those who fell on him, as at the first.
Therefore you shall see no more falsehood, nor discern. I will deliver my people out of your hand. You shall know that I am Yahweh.
Absalom stood on a pillar in the king's valley, while he was yet alive; for he said, I have no son to keep my name. He called the pillar Absalom's memorial to this day in his own name.
The speech of a sluggard is like a good meal, A deep entry into the belly of a man.
The people made Jehoahaz the son of Josiah king; and they took his father in Jerusalem.
Then will I take their roots from the land which I gave them, and the house which I have sanctified for my name, and will forsake it from before me, and will make it a desolation and a reproach among the nations.
For we speak to you concerning the power and the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, not through falsehood, but through the greatness of his power, which our eyes have seen.
His father said to him, My son, you are always with me, and all my goods are yours.
But he has made the world foolish, and shamed the wise; he has made the world cruel, and shamed the mighty.
But he who conceived from a handmaid conceived after his own will, and he who conceived from a free woman conceived after God's word.
The crown of Ephraim's pride will be sunk in his feet.
It happened on one day, that Jonathan the son of Saul said to the young men who were in his army, Come, and let us go to the other side to the camp of the Philistines. But he didn't tell their father.
From the beginning, when God made heaven and earth,
He said to him, Thus says Hezekiah: This day is a day of rebuke and of reproach, a day when a child is born, and there is no strength to bring forth.
In that day Moses wrote this song, and taught it to the children of Israel.
He went on his way, and saw his brothers, James the son of Zebedee, and John, his brother. They sat on the ark with Zebedee, his father, and Jesus followed them.
Why are the mighty fallen on their faces? Jonathan was slain on your high places.
The falsehood was found at the door of the tent of meeting, and he shaved off the head of his savior, and he shaved off the head of his savior, and he sewed it on the fire that was under the sacrifice of peace offerings.
In the evening you shall go out in front of their eyes at midnight; and you shall cover your face, and shall cover your face until you see it: for I will make you head of the house of Israel.
I love Yahweh, Because he hears my words. He hears my petitions.
For Saul and Jonathan his son, and for the house of Yahweh, and for the house of Israel, they mourned, wept, and fasted until the evening; for they fell by the sword.
He delivers them into the hand of the Gentiles, And those who hate them rule over them.
Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and all that he did, and his iniquity, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Abaddon bore Jabal, and became the father of those who lived in tents, who took the livestock.
The chambers that were round about the house were twenty cubits long.
Then Jesus said to them, Have you come out to me with the sword and with the rod, as to a snare? I sit daily in the temple teaching, and you haven't come to me.
Hiram said, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of heaven, the God of Israel, who made king David a wise son, that he might have understanding and discernment, to build a house for Yahweh, and a house for his kingdom.
Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Then the word of Yahweh came to Samuel, saying,
You shall do all things according to these ordinances, and shall keep them in order.
Then the princes of the Philistines came near to the woman, and said to her, Call Samson, and see where his strength is, and how we will encamp with him, that he may lay hold on him, and afflict him; and we will give you every man a thousand and a hundred pieces of silver.
Immediately after him he went as a ox to the slaughter, as a fool to the punishment of his land.
My soul shall rejoice in Yahweh. The humble shall hear, and rejoice.
The Philistines said, What shall we do to restore him for a trespass offering? They said to him, Five talents of gold, and five measures of gold, according to the number of the princes of the Philistines; for you have seen evil with your princes.
In that day the king set apart the holy place which was before the house of Yahweh, and offered there burnt offerings, and meal offerings, and oil for peace offerings; for the first burnt offering of Yahweh's altar didn't allow the burnt offering, nor the meal offering, nor the oil for peace offerings.
A fool speaks in vain, But a liar speaks falsely, and isn't liar.
He built cities in the hill country of Judah, and built forts in the forest, and left the ephod in its place.
Though he has a great harvest among his brothers, there will be a east wind, the wind of Yahweh coming down out of the wilderness, and his springs shall dry up, and his springs shall be broken, and he shall take away all the precious treasure that he has gathered.
There is no righteous man, neither is there a sword, as it is written.
Though he covers his wrath with deceit, Yet his wickedness is revealed before the congregation.
They went and looked at the land, from the wilderness of Zin, even to Rehob, even to the entrance of Hamath.
Then shall you see our faces, and the faces of the young men who eat king's good things; and you shall do to your servants as you see fit.
Yahweh is gracious and merciful. He is gracious without wrath.
Joseph arose and took Mary, as the angel of the Lord commanded him.
It shall not be eaten from the vine to the skin in any day that it is sanctified for itself.
He made two rings of gold for it, and put them under the baskets, and set them on the two ends of the altar on the two sides of it, on the two sides of it; and the rings were for the poles of the altar, to hang it.
Praise him, all you angels! Praise him, all you harpists!
Didn't anyone tell my lord what I had done in the day that Jezebel killed all the prophets of Yahweh? I put one hundred prophets of Yahweh on the earth, fifty, and fed them with bread and water.
Then Jesus filled the Spirit with joy, and said, Father, Lord of heavens, I praise you, for you have sealed up these things from the wisdom and understanding, and have revealed them to the little ones. Father, you are righteous, for you have seen them.
He gave to him all the swarms of the Spirit, the swarms of the inner court of the house of Yahweh, and the chambers that were round about it; and the golden vessels of the house of Yahweh, and the vessels of the holy things,
You shall bake and eat in the place which Yahweh your God shall choose: and when it is morning, turn you to your tent.
They have seen lies and lies. They have said that it is the word of Yahweh, but Yahweh has not sent them as prophets, yet they hope that the word will be fulfilled.
But I have known you, that you are the most excellent vine, and that you are a great plant. Why have you become a wicked tree to me, because you are of me?
Therefore before the end of the days, don't judge. When the Lord comes, he will reveal with light the secret of darkness, and will bring forth the counsel of the demons of the heart. Everyone will receive his praise.
They shall bring with the fat of the burnt offering, and they shall wave it for a wave offering before Yahweh: it shall be a portion forever to you and to your sons, according to the commandment of Yahweh.
They said, Because of the famine, we have given to men our fields, and our vineyards, and our houses, for grain.
All things holy which are set apart shall be given to the priest; and to the priest shall be given whatever is given to him.
this also is a sin of judgment, a sin of judgment; for I am a God who rebels against the earth.
In the seventh month, on the tenth day of the month, you shall have a holy convocation: you shall afflict your own soul, and shall not work.
A certain man named Lazarus laid down at the door of the rich man, both in his body and in his whole body,
Jesus answered them, My mother, what have I to do with you? My time has not yet come.
For Israel shall dwell alone all day long: there shall be no king, nor prince, nor priest, nor pillar, nor ephod, nor priest; neither shall the house be decorated.
The doors of the chambers of the inner court were on the right side of the house from the uttermost part of the house, and from the uttermost part of the house to the third part of the house.
The chief priests and the Pharisees shall send out commandments, that whoever knows where Jesus is, come and tell it, that they may take him.
I cried with tears, And afflicted my soul with fasting. This has made me a reproach to all my people.
He said to them, Don't let the captivity come in here; for you intend to make us sin against Yahweh, and to add to our iniquities, and to our transgressions; for the wrath of God has come on Israel.
If you say in your heart, These nations are greater than I, why should I rule over them?
When they heard the words of Herod, they went out. When they saw the star in the east wind, they brought it to them, and when they came to the child's place, they stayed there.
Praise Yah! Sing new songs to Yahweh! Praise him in the assembly of the saints!
He said, If the Syrians are stronger than I, help me. If the children of Ammon are stronger than you, help me.
Though men will come up and pursue you, and seek your life, yet the life of my lord will be in Yahweh your God in the midst of the living; and the life of your enemies will Yahweh bring forth, as he brought forth out of the midst of the nettles.
But if I boast, it shall not be a stumbling block; for I will speak truth; but I will make myself free, that no one may be judged by me, more than he who has seen or heard.
But if it is so, how much less those who tread on the blood of the covenant of God, and who profane the Holy Spirit, and who profane it?
twelve bulls, twelve rams, twelve male lambs a year old, and twelve male goats for a sin offering;
I know your doings. Behold, I have opened to you a door of faith, which no one can shut; and I know that you have strength, and have kept my word, and have not profaned my name.
Moses did so, as Yahweh commanded him.
They brought seven bulls, seven rams, seven rams, and seven male goats, to sacrifice for the kingdom, for the sanctuary, and for Judah. The king commanded the priests of the sons of Aaron, that they should sacrifice them on the altar of Yahweh.
It shall be for him, and he shall read it, and be able to learn the fear of Yahweh his God, and to keep all the words of this law, and the statutes, and to do them.
Jesus said to him, Go out and bury the saints who are in the body, but preach the Good News of the Kingdom of God.
Then he sent to his father the scarlet garment, and said, We found it: why do you think that it isn't your son's scarlet garment?
They despise men, And speak oppression according to the word of evil. They speak great things.
Let those who seek my life be shamed and confounded. Let those who devise evil against me turn back and be disappointed.
Now, behold, my testimony is in heaven, And my supplication is on the earth.
I think that I ought to be a snare to you while I am yet alive.
As a body without soul, so is the body without faith. If faith is lacking, so is the body without faith.
Saul arose, and took three thousand chosen men out of all Israel, and went down into the wilderness of Jihu, to seek David in the wilderness of Jihu.
When his family saw that he sought to go with him, they didn't speak to him any more.
This sweet savor doesn't cost a fortune to the poor.
Now therefore, my God, open your eyes, and hear, and pray in this place.
Zedekiah was twenty-one years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Hamutal the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.
For your faithfulness shines forth. The light of your spear is still. The sun and the moon remain in its place.
You shall break apart those who are put to death, and you shall be taken away from your inheritance; for you know that you have a better and better inheritance than you.
Moses the servant of Yahweh sent me from Kadesh Barnea to see the land; and I lived therein forty years, and my heart blessed him.
Our sons were like thorns when they were young; Our daughters like pillars of a house: They were crowned according to the appearance of the king's house.
Samson said to him, If anyone binds me with cords that have not been tied, I will become like another man.
He touched their eyes, and said, Your faith has confirmed you.
and he divided his men into three companies, and hid them in the field: and when he saw the men of Shechem coming out of the city, he arose, and struck them, and killed them.
So they went, and took up the stone with a sledgehammer, and kept it for the guard.
It happened afterward, that it was seen in Assos, that Philip was preaching the Good News in every city, even to Caesarea.
You shall make six boards for the side of the tent, even for the side of the tent.
For God didn't give you a grace to believe in Christ, but to suffer for Christ,
When we live according to the flesh, the law renews our iniquity, and works the fruit of death on our bodies.
This is the portion of the wicked from Yahweh, and the portion of the violent from the Almighty.
Speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, When you come into the land which I give to you, it shall be for a rest to Yahweh.
It happened, when the demon had driven him out, and the mute was speaking, that all the people were afraid, saying, We have not seen such things in Israel.
He who rejects me and receives my words shall be judged by a judge; and the word which I have spoken shall judge him at the end of the day.
Then will I cleanse the speech of all peoples, that they may call on the name of Yahweh with all their heart, and serve him.
But none of those who are forever offered, to Yahweh from all his offerings, whether man, or animal, or land of his possession, shall be sold nor redeemed: he who is forever offered is most holy to Yahweh.
Therefore speak to the house of Israel, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: I have not done this, house of Israel, for your sake, but for my holy name, which you have profaned among the nations where you have gone.
When the rain came, and the floods came, and the wind blew, and struck the house, the house didn't fall; for a strong foundation was on the rock.
He put the basket of unleavened bread out of the way before Yahweh; and he took a loaf of bread, and a loaf of bread full of oil, and a loaf of bread mixed with oil,
Moses did so, and Eleazar the priest, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Therefore will I save my flock, and not make them a prey; and I will make judgment between sheep and sheep.
You shall kill the lamb in the holy place, in the place of the sin offering and of the burnt offering; and the trespass offering shall be to the priest, as the sin offering is to be sacrificed, which is most holy.
Before the lamp of Yahweh arose, and Samuel was sleeping in the house of Yahweh, by the ark of the covenant of Yahweh.
The world doesn't hate you, neither do they hate me, because I have worked their wickedness on them.
Abram took his tent, and came to Hebron, and lived by the oaks of Mamre; and there he built an altar to Yahweh.
Joshua took Maketah that day, and struck them with the edge of the sword, and the king of them: and all the people of the land were destroyed, and there was none remaining: as he had done to the king of Jericho, so he did to the king of Maketah.
Elkanah his husband said to him, Hannah, why do you weep? Why do you also eat bread? Why do you mourn? Isn't it better for me to be with you than with ten sons?
But if you will go, be strong, and fight; and Yahweh will set you against your enemies; for Yahweh has power to help and to defy.
Let my lips sing praises, For you have taught me your statutes.
Their horses are narrower than a lame chariot, And they are taller than a rooster in the evening: The horsemen are spread out, And the horsemen come from afar; They run like an eagle to eat.
Therefore Yahweh was angry in the land, and brought down on him all the curses that were written in this book.
and said to them, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Behold, I will call Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon my servant; and I will set his throne on the stone which I have found; and he shall set his tent on the stone that is found.
All the peoples are as nothing before him. They are nothing to him, but vanity.
Moses and Aaron, and the princes of the congregation, took the children of Kohath according to their families, and according to their families;
It happened on a Sabbath day, that he was teaching in a synagogue.
Yahweh has given a great salvation to the king whom he has made; and loving kindness to those who are anointed with him, to David and to his seed forever.
They sought counsel, and appointed counsel for the righteous, that they might put him on the throne, and deliver him up for a judgment.
The bones of Joseph, which the children of Israel had brought up out of Egypt, they buried in Shechem, which Jacob had bought with one hundred pieces of silver out of the land of Hamor the father of Shechem, for a possession of the children of Joseph.
For you are a holy people to Yahweh your God. Yahweh your God has chosen you out of all the peoples of the earth, to be his own people.
But God is able to do it. He causes it to fall, And raises it up.
Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave that was in the field of Makperah, which is in the land of Canaan, before Mamre. Mamre is Hebron.
Don't be angry with you, that you may be disappointed. Don't turn away from you because of the price of your recompense.
All the people ate, and were satisfied. They took up seven baskets full of the bread that was left over.
Therefore all your precepts are upright. I hate all the proverbs.
You shall gird up your waist like a husband: I ask you, and you answer me.
My soul doesn't desire to live. I will speak from the mouth of my mouth. I will speak of the affliction of my heart.
If the day comes, please pray in my name. I will not tell you, but I will pray to the Father for you.
then the congregation shall judge between the slain and the avenger of blood, according to the ordinances.
If you have a strong faith in the Lord, we will surely live.
The ring shall be of a length of one cubit, and of a breadth of a cubit, and of a cubit and a half.
But where is wisdom found? Where is the place of understanding?
For the Chaldeans were afraid, because Ishmael the son of Nethaniah had killed Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, whom the king of Babylon had set over the land.
Though I am righteous, my own mouth will make my iniquity known. Though I am upright, he will show my iniquity.
For everyone of you is a devourer of his own things, a hungry man, and a drinker of water.
He brought me again to the gate of the sanctuary toward the east; and the gate was shut.
You Philistines, don't rejoice, because your rod is broken; for out of the two serpents comes forth a serpent, and the serpent which he brings forth is a potter's serpent.
Elisha looked at him, so that he was disappointed. The man of God opened his eyes.
Their eyes opened, and he commanded them with a loud voice, saying, Don't let anyone know this thing.
But I beg you, brothers, in the love of our Lord Jesus Christ, and in the love of the Holy Spirit, that you would be willing to be with me in prayer to God,
Don't be afraid of them; for Yahweh your God is among you, a God of great fear.
He is Yahweh our God. His judgments are in all the earth.
They found his nakedness, and struck him with the edge of the sword, and took his sons and his daughters, and left him a cloak in the midst of the women; for they had done judgments against him.
How long shall my sorrow and my affliction be on me? How long shall my adversary go above me?
The priest shall burn them on the altar of burnt offering.
Yahweh spoke to Jeremiah, to go down into the house of the king of Judah,
You shall make a basin of brass, and its snuffers brass, that it may be snuffled with. You shall put it between the tent of meeting and the altar, and there shall be water therein.
I went forward again to the spring of the spring, and to the king's pool; but there was not a way to let the animals that I rode on pass by.
David said, As Yahweh lives, he will strike him, unless the day comes, or if he falls on his face, and dies.
Now the rest of the acts of Rehoboam, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
For I will afflict the seed of David; but it shall not be forever.
Don't speak of shame, or of sexual immorality, or of jealousy, but of thanksgiving to God.
Before he heard it, he answered, His foolishness and his disobedience.
When a garment or a skin is wet with water, it shall be washed with water, and be unclean until the evening.
He who walks in the inner court will not be forgotten, But he who keeps the covenant will be wise.
Then the lord said to them, This is what the enemy has done.' He said, Why do you want us to come and take away the pomegranates?'
The number of the cities which Aaron's sons had for the priesthood was thirteen cities, and the suburbs of it.
Yahweh has made the earth with great power. He has established the world with wisdom. He has opened the heavens with understanding.
Don't be afraid of the king of Babylon, whom you fear.' He said, Don't be afraid of him; for I am with you, says Yahweh, and I will deliver you out of his hand.
You shall do no other work; it shall be a statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings.
The false prophets speak of the world. Therefore the world listened to them.
He will cut off all the horns of the wicked. The horns of the righteous will be lifted up.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: For Zion I have great wrath; For her wrath I have wrath.
I will give you the treasures of the throne, and the treasures of the secret, that you may know that I, Yahweh, the God of Israel, call your name.
This testimony is that God has given us an everlasting life, which is from his Son.
This was done in Israel by evil, and he wasn't God. The bull of Samaria was greatly struck.
For many things have multiplied vanity. What profit is there to a man?
Blessed be Yahweh your God, who delights in you, that you may be his word, that you may reign over Yahweh your God; for your God loves Israel, and desires to establish it forever: therefore make you king over them, that you may do righteously.
Why do you cry out for your wounds? Your affliction is in vain. Because your iniquities are great, and your sins are many, therefore have I dealt with you with these things.
They were dancing and singing, saying, Saul has slain thousands of them, and David has slain thousands of them.' Isn't this David who spoke?
He sees the earth, and the earth trembles. He touches the mountain, and the mountain roars.
It happened in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah the son of Elisha, the son of a king's brother, and a king's servant, brought ten men to Mizpah, to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam: and they ate together in Mizpah.
Lift up your eyes, and see the multitude. They are gathered together to you. Your sons will come far off, and your daughters will be snared.
The plague of leprosy shall be in his garments, and his hair shall be torn, and his ears shall be broken; and he shall call out with a loud voice, saying, It is unclean, it is unclean.'
Moses and Aaron did so to the Levites, and to all the congregation of Israel: and to all that Yahweh commanded Moses to go to the Levites, so did the children of Israel to them.
He who rests shall be cut off. He who trusts shall be a snare.
God destroyed the seven peoples who were in the land of Canaan, and gave them the land for an inheritance, about four hundred fifty years.
Today your eyes have seen, and this day you are in the midst of the earth, and Yahweh has delivered you into my hand: and they have called for me to kill you; but I love you, and I say, I will not stretch out my hand against my lord, because he is Yahweh's anointed.
He gave them authority over certain rulers.
We set a statute for ourselves, that every man in the year he shall take the three shekels of a shekel, for the service of the house of our God;
Paul fell down on his face, and fell on him, and lay on him, and said to him, Don't fret, for he is alive.
I said to him, What do the two branches of the olive tree, which speak to the two branches of gold, do with the oil of gold?
He fills the cloud with water, And sends lightning out of the cloud.
Then the Gentiles and the Jews conspired with their rulers to stone them with stones.
But if they also carry weapons with you, then they shall possess the land of Canaan from among you.
Therefore thus says Yahweh: As for the prophets whom I have spoken in my name, I have not sent them; yet they say, This land shall not be struck by the sword and by the famine; but the prophets shall perish by the sword and by the famine.
The king shall be his friend, Whom the pure in heart speaks graciously.
He shall enter into a land of glory, and many nations shall throw him down; but the honorable men of Edom, Moab, and the children of Ammon shall escape out of his hand.
But as for me, the secret will be revealed to me, not because I am wiser than all the living, but that I may be revealed to the king, and that you may know the understanding of your heart.
Then I bought a belt, and girded myself, according to the word of Yahweh.
Yahweh said to me in the days of king Josiah, Have you seen what rebellious Israel has done? He has played the prostitute on the mountains, and has committed adultery under all the green trees.
For God knows that in the day that you eat, your eyes will be opened, and you will discern sin as God has discerned.
For he first chose those who were chosen, and first established them with the image of his Son, that he might be first among his brothers.
The king said, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, who has given me a word this day, and my eyes have seen it.
Moreover you have sent messengers far away. When the messenger came to them, behold, they came: and you have washed their bodies, and you have clothed yourselves with a scab, for their eyes.
Speak to them, and tell them, As I live, says Yahweh, I will do to you according to the word which I have heard.
Now I am going to him who sent me. There is none among you who says to me, Where are you going?'
All the people answered with a loud voice, and said, We will do all that Yahweh has spoken. Moses blessed Yahweh with the words of all the people.
Then the king of Israel called all the elders of the land, and said to them, Behold, this man spies out a plot against me, and has sent to me; and I didn't inform him of my wife, nor of my sons, nor of my daughters, nor of my silver.
Then the stars of the morning sang together, and all the children of God lifted up their voices with joy.
Therefore the inhabitants of it were very strong, and they were dismayed and dismayed. They were as the grass of the wilderness, and as the green grass, as the grass of the housetops, and as the vine that doesn't grow in the field.
His power and his majesty are his. He walks in the heights of his peace.
Abijah set up a band of forty thousand men who were mighty men of valor; and Jeroboam set up a band of eighty thousand mighty men who were mighty men of valor.
You shall not eat the flesh of those who are abominable to you; neither shall you eat the flesh of those who are abominable.
So David gave Ornan six hundred shekels of gold for the land.
Remember the promise of your servant, For you have given me hope.
Jesus said to God, I will proclaim your name to my brothers, and will praise your name before the congregation.
The priest shall burn on the altar all the burnt offerings of Yahweh made by fire: it is a trespass offering.
Son of man, prophesy to the mountains of Israel, and say, Hear the word of Yahweh, mountains of Israel.
I have fought against you with flint and with scorpions; and the fruit of your fields, and the fruit of your vines, and the fig trees, and the olive trees, have I given to the pestilence; yet you haven't returned to me.
Then the fear of Yahweh arose, and said, Yahweh hears, and has written a memorial book before him, for the fear of Yahweh, and for the memory of his name.
Come to me, help me, and let us go, and strike Gibeon; for he has made a covenant with Joshua and with Israel.
It happened, when he had set up the garrison of robbers in the land of Edom, that all the Edomites subdued David; and Yahweh strengthened David wherever he went.
the ten oxen that were in the midst of the herd, and the twenty oxen that were in the field, and the one hundred sheep, and the young rams, and the rams, and the fat family.
Moses was forty years old when he set his eyes on the house of his brother Israel.
Yahweh, the God of Israel, there is no god in heaven, nor in the earth, as you did in your covenant with your servants, who walk before you with all their heart.
You shall not sell the fruit of the vine, nor gather the ripe fruit of the vine: it shall be for the needy, and for the foreigner. I am Yahweh your God.
They shall be your ministers, and your ministers in tents; but they shall not come near the vessels of the sanctuary, nor to the altar, lest they die with you.
The depth of the house that was before the temple was forty cubits.
Don't you know that we are all baptized into Christ Jesus, to be baptized into him?
The king said, Where is the son of your master? Ziba answered the king, He is still in Jerusalem; for he said, The children of Israel will restore me this day the kingdom of my father.
The rising of the sun shall become a spring of water, and the dry land a spring of waters. In the slums of the valleys shall be green grass, and fig trees, and fig trees.
Greet one another with a holy offering. All the assemblies of Christ greet you.
He cut off the words of Maacah, his mother's brother, because he had made abominable images for Asherah. Asa took his images, and burned them by the brook Kidron.
Yahweh said to Moses, Don't be afraid of them; for I have delivered him into your hand, and all his people, and all his land: do to him as you have done to Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwells in Heshbon.
Jesus answered them, You have said it, but I tell you, from now on you will see the Son of Man coming down into the cloud of heaven on the right hand of the Almighty.
In the second year of Asa king of Judah began Nadab the son of Jeroboam to reign over Israel; and he reigned two years in Israel.
You, Yahweh, have seen; for wickedness and forgery, you will look, and recompense with your hand: the uncircumcised will give themselves to you. You will always help the fatherless.
Most assuredly I tell you, there is none better than John the Baptizer, whom the little ones in the Kingdom of Heaven are better than he.
But if the plague strikes a man, he stirs up those who don't sin.
and you shall teach your children in this way: whether you sit in your house, or walk on the way, or lie down, or rise;
He who deals graciously with the wicked learns righteousness. In the uprightness of the land he commits unrighteousness, and doesn't listen to the voice of Yahweh.
Nabal said to David's servant, Who is David? and who is the son of Jesse? Many of his servants came and rebelled against his master.
For you have rebelled against him, and your spirit is dead.
The screen for the gate of the court was of fine twined work, of blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen, twenty cubits long, and five cubits high, with the base of the court.
Moses said, There shall be sixty faces of the great men who walk with me; and you shall say, I will give them flesh to eat, until the end of the month.'
As he who gathers grain gathers it, He who gathers it with his hand, And he who gathers it in the valley of Rephaim gathers it.
They took him, and commanded him to be bound with two chains of iron, and to ask him who he was, and what he would do.
Ben Hadad and the kings drank wine in their tents; and when they heard these words, they said to his servants, Set your battle against the city. They set their battle against the city.
So I will pass through many months of vanity, And the night of my weeping will set me free.
Who was he who was angry in forty years? Didn't those who sinned die in the wilderness?
It happened after these things, that God would testify against Abraham, and he called him, and said, Abraham. He said, Here am I.
Yahweh spoke to Aaron, saying,
I have made a covenant with you, as with my father and with your father: now have I given you silver and gold for a present: cut off the covenant that you made with Baasha king of Israel, and let him go from me.
The wicked is not so. He is like a hawk, that the wind sweeps away.
For it will be a long time, and I will walk in a way that will return no more.
Therefore you shall tell the children of Israel, I am Yahweh; and I will bring you out of the dungeon which the Egyptians have given you; and I will deliver you out of their affliction which they have afflicted you; and I will redeem you with the remnant of my hand and with a great judgment.
Yahweh said to his people, Behold, I will give you grain and new wine and oil, and you shall be satisfied: I will no more make you a reproach among the nations.
They are foolish, and will answer no more. They have no words to say.
For I have declared to you the will of God.
Of the children of Reuben, and of the children of Gad, and of the half-tribe of Manasseh, eastward of the Jordan, with all the weapons of war, twenty-two thousand.
You also, being husbands, shall dwell with your own wives, to make their flesh lighter; and you shall honor them; for they also share the grace of the life of God, which is in you. Your prayer shall not fail.
Some of those who had been possessed by demons, and some of those who had been possessed by demons, and who were with them, were Mary Magdalene, among whom he had cast out seven arks out of this Mary.
so that they shall not cut wood out of the field, nor cut trees out of the forest; for they shall burn incense with kerosene; and they shall cut down those who cut them down, and shall take down those who took them captive, says the Lord Yahweh.
but didn't inquire of Yahweh; therefore Yahweh killed him, and gave his kingdom to David the son of Jesse.
Therefore I have heard that you have faith in the Lord Jesus, and love toward all the saints,
Moses, because he had faith, didn't fear the king's wrath, and departed from Egypt, as he had seen the God whom man didn't see: therefore he was afraid, and wouldn't go back.
As Ebah has been deceived with her speech, Lest your heart be deceived, and forsake the righteousness and the truth of Christ.
So Noah did, and did according to all the commandment of Yahweh.
He said to him the third time, Simon, son of Jonah, do you love me more than these? But Peter was grieved because he had asked him the third time, and said to him, Lord, you know all things, that I have affection for you. He said to him, Feed my sheep.
Behold, the labor of all men is burnt up with fire; and the labor of nations is vanity, until they are weary; aren't they all of them out of Yahweh of Armies?
If they say, Arise, and come up to us;' then we go up; for Yahweh has delivered them into our hand, and this word shall be our witness.
and he has made known to the multitudes that Yahweh doesn't save by the sword, nor by the spear; for the battle is with Yahweh, and he will deliver you into our hand.
But there came a voice out of heaven, like a great wind, that filled the house where they were sitting.
In the thirty-ninth year of Azariah king of Judah began Menadah the son of Gad to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned eleven years.
You shall be ministers of the sanctuary, and ministers of the altar; lest wrath return on the children of Israel.
These are the three sons of Noah, who filled the land with their seed from their generation.
Don't steal, but consider the twelve, that they may glorify the teaching of our Savior, God, in all things.
A time in the streets, And a time in broad places; And a time in every cave.
You shall drive your enemies away, And they shall fall by the sword before you.
Joshua struck the king of Amalek and all his people with the edge of the sword.
Listen now, you rich men, for your troubles are at hand. Weep and weep.
Saul said, Because I have sinned, please honor me before my people's elders, and before the children of Israel, that I may worship Yahweh your God.
When the nations heard these things, they rejoiced greatly, and glorified the word of God, and all those who were chosen by God for eternal life became saints.
So all the people passed over the Jordan, and the king passed over: and the king kissed Barzillai, and blessed him; and he returned to his place.
But when I was accepted, I prayed to Yahweh your God. Answer me, God, according to your abundant loving kindness, and according to your truth's salvation.
To the gate of the king's house he came; for whoever was clothed in sackcloth couldn't enter into the gate of the king's house.
Jesus said to them, Do the will of him who sent me, and execute his work, even my food.
As it is written, I am with Jacob, and not with Esau.
Behold, these who belong to the synagogue of Satan are thousands of Jews, but they speak falsehood. I will cause them to fall down before your feet, and will make them know that I love you.
The king took Esther the rod of gold, and she stood before the king, and said,
Joshua himself stood in the midst of the Jordan with twelve stones, where the priests who bore the ark stood: and to this day they are still there.
God is faithful, who called you to be with his Son, and with our Lord Jesus Christ.
Yahweh said to Moses, I will blot out the name of Amalek from under the sky: write this thing in a book for a memorial, and tell it to Joshua.
Elisha said, Bring a sack of bread. He put the sack of bread on the table, and said, Bring it out, that they may eat. There was no bread in the table.
They who built this city were merchants; for they were afraid, because of the affliction of the city: therefore they stood afar off, weeping and waving their hands.
For dreams are many, and prophecies many, but they are nothing; yet fear God.
When they had all drunk, his mother said to him, They didn't drink.
We hope for peace, but not for good. We hope for good, but fear.
The fig tree answered, Should I put away my sweet and my good fruit, and go and dance on the trees?'
You have answered me in my ways. Teach me your statutes.
If any man sins unwittingly, he shall offer a male goat a year old for a sin offering.
Didn't Hezekiah cut off the high places of Yahweh, and his altars, and command Judah and Jerusalem, saying, Worship before this altar, and burn incense on it?
For Jesus was not a angel, but the seed of Abraham.
There were eight boards, and ten sockets of silver; and under each board were two sockets.
It happened in the fourth month, in the fifth day of the month, that the famine was sore in the city, so that there was no bread for the people of the land.
Jesus, perceiving in his heart that they marveled because of this, said to them, Did these words come to you?
Yahweh will deal with them, as he dealt with the two kings of the Amorites, whom he destroyed: Sihon, Og, and their land.
Rehoboam took ten wives and sixty daughters; and he bore twenty-eight sons and sixty daughters: but he loved Maacah the daughter of Absalom more than all the wives and the daughters.
Speak in Judah, and prophesy in Jerusalem, and say, Sneeze in the land, and cry, Gather yourselves, that we may enter into the fortified cities.
There you will find gods made by the hands of men, wood and stone, which you can't see, nor hear, nor eat, nor drink.
Before the fleeing man came, the hand of Yahweh was on me in the evening, and he opened my mouth: and it happened in the morning, that the man came to me, and my mouth was opened, and there was no more blemish in my mouth.
David fervently danced before Yahweh: and David adorned himself with the priesthood of fine linen.
Sing to Yahweh, all the earth. Sing praises with a loud voice.
A voice was heard in the wilderness, saying, Prepare your way for the Lord, and keep his ways straight.
But I will tell you these things, that you may remember them in the future, which I told you. I didn't tell you these things in the beginning, because I was yet with you.
He burnt incense on the day that he served the Baals, and covered himself with sackcloth and other scabs, after his beloved, so that he didn't forget me: therefore will I punish him, says Yahweh.
The Philistines pursued after Saul and his sons; and the Philistines killed Jonathan, Abinadab, and Malchishua, Saul's sons.
For the idols of the house are lies, and the visions of the magicians are false, and the dreams of the magicians are a snare to men. Therefore their deceit is as sheep, and they are afflicted because there is no shepherd.
David said, Yahweh, the God of Israel, your servant has surely heard that Saul wanted to come to Keilah, to destroy this city for my sake.
Why have you brought us forth out of Egypt into this wicked place? There is no place to eat, neither is there fig tree, nor grapes, nor figs, nor water to drink;
Behold, now they have recompensed us, and driven us out of your inheritance, which you have given us to possess it.
They took it, and cast it into the pit; and the pit was dry, and there was no water therein.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Therefore he who is in all spirit among us, let him have a different mind. If you have a different mind, God will also test you.
You shall speak before Yahweh your God, saying, I have taken the holy thing out of my house, and have given it to the Levites, and to the foreigners, and to the fatherless, according to all the commandment which you have commanded me: I have not seen nor forgotten your commandment.
If you offer a lamb for a present, you shall offer it before Yahweh.
and the lampstand of pure gold, and its lampstand, that you may set before the ruler.
Therefore I will do to you as I did to Shiloh, to the house in which you trust in my name, and to the land which I gave to you and to your fathers.
The serpent, the living creature of all the mountains which Yahweh God has made, is the most beautiful. The serpent said to the woman, Didn't Yahweh say, You shall not eat of all the trees of the garden?
It happened about that time, that the king of Helud laid his hand on some of the assembly,
If there be in your gate a dispute, or if there be bloodshed, or if there be strife, or if there be a famine, that you don't know to judge, rise up, and go to the place which Yahweh your God shall choose.
It happened, when I offered the evening meal, that I arose from my side, and tore my garments, and laid my hands on them, and lifted up my hand toward Yahweh my God, saying,
I regard my brothers, and my bones. If it is for them, let me be forsaken by God, and walk with Christ, and let me be free.
Then the prince of the house, when he was compelled to kill him, we took him, that he might be judged by our own law.
Then Joshua called all Israel, and their elders, and their heads of fathers' houses, and their judges, and their rulers, and said to them, I have been a father a long time.
Watch over the prisoners, as you watch over them. Watch over the slanderers, as you are slanderers.
whoever hears the sound of the trumpet, and doesn't obey the commandment, if the sword comes and destroys him, his sin shall be on his head.
The nations shall see your righteousness. The kings shall see your glory. You shall be called by a new name, which Yahweh has called by his mouth.
In that day they shall come from Assyria to the cities of Egypt, from Egypt to the great river, from the sea to the sea, from the mountain to the mountain;
When he heard that he was coming from Judea into Galilee, he went and begged him to bring down his son to Capernaum, because his son was about to die.
The four angels, who had been let go, set a time and a place for healing in that hour, and in that day, and in that month, and in that year, to kill three hundred men.
You shall also have many calamities, and scabs, and gnashings, and all manner of work, that you may do all manner of work.
The border shall go down from Shihon to Riblah on the east of the Aiman; and it shall go down to the east of the king of Kinneroth.
Woe to you, first and foremost! Are you like a heap of dust? Isn't he the God of his work, that you should be his God, and say, He isn't mine? Or isn't he the God of his works, that you should be his, and say, He isn't wise?
Isn't it you who are with me, My companion, My friend?'
They struck the cities of Gerar round about, because Yahweh made them afraid. They took all their cities, because there was much spoil in them.
The third name was Tiglath, which is on the east side of Assyria. The fourth name was Euphrates.
It happened, when he had eaten, that Boaz said to him, Come and eat bread, and wash your bread with it. He sat down by the way of the reapers, and he gave him a good measure of water. He ate, but there was not enough. He arose, and went and gathered grain.
Let the salvation of Israel come out of Zion. When Yahweh brings back his captives, Jacob shall rejoice, and Israel shall be glad.
On the top of the pillars were pillars of brass, five cubits high; and around the pillars were hooks and pomegranates, all of brass; and on the second pillars were pomegranates.
I will establish the house of Judah, and will save the house of Joseph, and will bring them again; for I have compassion on them; and they shall be as I have not forsaken; for I am Yahweh their God, and I will love them.
My people will live in faith. But if he does well, I will not be with him.
Though gold and precious stones are many, But the wisdom of the lips is a precious jewel.
If it is good to plant it in the year, and it is not, then it shall be cut down.'
This shall be the portion of Aaron and of his sons for an everlasting charge to the children of Israel; for it is a wave offering. It shall be a wave offering to the children of Israel, a wave offering to Yahweh.
If there be found a man and a woman who has a husband in a chamber, then the prisoner and the woman shall be put to death: so shall the evil be cut off from Israel.
Jesus, perceiving their evil thoughts, said to them, You false men, why do you test me?
Jeremiah said to Zedekiah, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Armies, the God of Israel: If you go out and take hold of the princes of the king of Babylon, your life shall live; and this city shall not be burned with fire; and you shall live, you and all your house.
The heart of king David was troubled to remember Absalom; for Amnon was comforted, because he was dead.
I write this letter to you, my brothers, to show you and to testify that this is the truth of God. Stand you on this grace.
The earth is broken before Yahweh. The earth is full of violence.
You shall take of it with your hand, and lay it on the tops of it, and lay it in a heap before the men of Judah, at the gate of the king's house, which is at Tahpanhes Pharaoh's house;
He took the new garments that he had put on, and broke them into twelve boards.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Isaac was old, and his eyes didn't see; and he called Esau his firstborn, and said to him, My son. Esau answered, Here am I.
Joshua said, Bring the stone from the top of the trough to the top of the trough, and set men there, and keep them;
Delilah said to Samson, Please tell me, Where is your great strength? How shall it be, that it may cover you, and make you sick?
A certain teacher of the law stood up and tested him, saying, Teacher, what shall I do, that I may have eternal life?
Jonathan stretched out his hand on his knees, and followed him with his armor. The Philistines fell before Jonathan, and followed after him with his armor.
Depart from evil, do good, and seek peace with all your heart.
Yet they continue to test the Most High, And rebel against him, And don't keep his testimonies.
Then the sons of the prophets said to Elisha, Behold, we are divided between you and our land:
When the days of the feast were fulfilled, Job sent and called them, and sanctified them; and he rose up early in the morning, and offered up their burnt offerings according to the number of the people: for Job said, It is a misunderstanding of my son that he has sinned, and that he has turned away his heart from Yahweh. Job did so.
He said, Love God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your strength; and love your neighbor as yourself; more than the burnt offering and the sacrifice of livestock.
For he will surely live, and not die, when he is healed from all his iniquities with which he has sinned.
Lebanese, open your doors, that the fire may devour your cedars.
He shall sprinkle the blood of his sickle seven times on the altar, and purify it, and separate it from the uncleanness of the children of Israel, and sanctify it.
Then John was not put into prison until that day.
You have brought forth Shubh your king, and Chun your eunuch, the star of your gods, for your own service.
Now therefore, if you are the Son of God, come down from the cross, for three days you have said that you will destroy the temple.
All the life of the earth and the breath of the people are in his hand.
The king made his words according to the order, even the words that were by the side of the wall: Jonathan stood, and Abner was by Saul's side, and the words of David were left unsaid.
Then the congregation grew weary, and one cried out, and the other didn't know what they were talking about.
They said, Has Yahweh spoken with Moses? Hasn't he spoken with us? Yahweh has heard this.
Yahweh, the God of heaven and earth, the great and fearful God, has made a covenant with those who love him, and with those who obey his commandments.
He made a ring of pure gold, a ring of a ring of a ring of a ring of a ring of a ring of a ring of a ring of a ring, round about the ring;
Moses said to the children of Israel, Their princes delivered the rod to them, according to the number of the names of the princes of their tribes, twelve rods; and Aaron's rod was among the rods.
Your servant fears you. Set your word in order for him.
He sent another third servant, and the farmers struck him, and drove him out.
For they didn't listen to the voice of Yahweh their God, neither did they break his covenant; neither did they listen to the commandment of Moses the servant of Yahweh.
It happened in the sixth year of king Darius, in the tenth month, in the tenth day of the month Adath, that the house was built.
To fill your soul with good things, And make your youth like an eagle.
In the midst of the sons of the priests went forth the foreign wives, the house of Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his brothers, Maaseiah, Eliezer, Jalip, and Gedaliah.
Their horses were seven hundred thirty-six; and their chariots two hundred forty-five;
Jael stretched out his right hand with his lamp, and his left hand with the rod of the workmen's work; and he drew the rod on Sheshah, and he drew it over his head, and he drew it along his sides.
I was alone there. I saw the vision, and there was no strength in my body, and the beauty of my face was hidden, and there was no strength.
You shall love Yahweh your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your strength.
Hear, Yahweh, the God of Armies, my prayer. Listen, Yahweh, the God of Jacob. Selah.
He commanded them, saying, Tell my lord Esau, Thus says your servant Jacob, I am in Laban, and I am here to this day.
But Jesus answered them, Blessed is he who keeps the word of God.
When sin is conceived, it produces iniquity, and after iniquity it produces death.
Then all who call on the name of the Lord will be saved.
The day that the king had appointed to bring them in was come; and the captain of the guard brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar.
Thekouah's wife said to the king, My lord the king, put this sin on me, and on my father's house; and there shall be no sin in the king, nor in his words.
In the forty-ninth year there was no blemish in your garments, neither was there any blemish in your feet.
I have obeyed your voice, and not like other men. I have walked in the way of the oppressed, and have not gone astray.
I will command them, and cause them to come again to this city; and they shall fight against this city, and take it, and burn it with fire: and I will make the cities of Judah desolate, and none shall dwell therein.
He who doesn't love wrath has great understanding, But the Holy One has great folly.
I made Shelemiah the priest, and Zadok the scribe, and Petaiah the Levite, officers of the chambers, and officers of the chambers; Hanan the son of Zaccur, and Zaccur the son of Mattaniah; for I saw that these were men, and that their work was for their brothers.
All the men of Judah returned from all the places where they were driven, and came to Mizpah in the land of Judah, and came to Gedaliah; and they gathered up fruit and fruit of the summer.
You shall take the inheritance of a stranger, and shall take it; but your brother shall not take it: that Yahweh your God may bless you in the land where you go to possess it, and in all that you do in your hand.
even the spirit of judgment, and the spirit of vengeance, which the Lord used to wash the filthiness of the daughter of Zion, and to cleanse Jerusalem from the blood of the slain.
Shakanah the son of Jazeel, the son of Elam, the son of Josiah, answered Ezra, We have taken a foreign woman out of the people of the land, and have rebelled against our God: yet there is hope for Israel in this matter.
Aaron returned to Moses, and came to the door of the tent of meeting, and the pestilence ceased.
If we confess our sins, God is truth and righteousness. He will forgive our sins, and will wash away all our iniquities.
The arrows were great like the arrows of a reed; and the ring of the arrows was six hundred shekels of iron; and a shield was before him.
Behold, there was a man with a scabbard. A certain man thought he might bring a snare to him, and he said to him, Is it lawful to rest on the Sabbath day?
It happened the same night, that Yahweh said to Gideon, Bring your father's bull, the second bull of the seven years; and break down all the altars of your father's Baal, and cut down the Asherim by the altar;
The Pharisees came to him, and began to argue with him. They wanted to test him, and to ask him to do a sign out of heaven.
Those who were gathered to him were the priests who lived in the plain.
Therefore I wrote this letter to you, when I didn't come to you, that I wouldn't go up to you, and rule over you with the authority of the Lord, which he gave me; that it might be built, and not destroyed.
From among them shall come forth a voice of thanksgiving and of joy; and I will multiply them, and not diminish; and I will exalt them, and not diminish.
All those who engrave idols are vanity, and all that they do is not profitable. Their witnesses are not seen, neither do they know anything, so that they are shamed.
Thus says Yahweh: Behold, I will go into the wind of destruction against Babylon, and against the Chaldeans who dwell there.
Moses said, This is what Yahweh has commanded you, and the glory of Yahweh will be revealed to you.
Behold, he speaks graciously, and there is no one who speaks to him. Do you say these things, that it is true that this is the Christ?
It will happen in the latter days, that they will return to them; for the sins of the Amorites are not resolved.
I have prayed to the Lord three times for this thing, and he has taken it from me.
He named the second son Ephraim, because he said, God has blessed me in my affliction.
The people answered Joshua, No, but we are determined to serve Yahweh.
The goat who did the work of the gate was the king of Hera; and the two horns between his eyes were the king's first.
Those who followed him saw that Saul was dead, and that he had spied him by the sword.
But he said, Hear now, brothers, before Abraham our father went to Haran, and the glory of God appeared to him in Mesopotamia,
Woe to you rich men! For you have lived in abundance.
It happened in the fourth year of Gideon the son of Joash, when he was old, that he died, and was buried in Ophrah of the Abiezerites, in the tomb of Joash his father.
and he shall stay with him all day long, until your brother's anger be kindled.
The servants of Achish said to him, Isn't this David the king of the kingdom? They shook hands in the dance hall, and said, Isn't this the man whom Saul killed, and David killed?
It happened in the days of Kiriath Jearim, in which the ark of the covenant was very long, that in the twenty-ninth year, all the house of Israel remembered Yahweh.
Another of his disciples, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, said to him,
The woman answered him, I have no interest in it. Jesus said to her, You don't have interest in it.
In the eighteenth year of king Josiah did he keep the Passover to Yahweh in Jerusalem.
His eyes shine with milk, His mouth with milk.
Shall you stir up the snare of the wind? Shall you pursue the dry grass?
Yahweh is faithful and upright. He will show the sinner how to walk.
When he had waited for Silas and Timothy in Athens, he saw that all the cities were idols, and he prayed with his whole heart.
They said to him, It is better for a man's wife to do this than for a woman to do that which is good.
Their bulls don't breed, Neither do their calfs rear their young.
one male goat for a sin offering;
Moreover I said to the wicked, You shall surely die,' if he turns again from his iniquity, and does that which is right and right;
These things I tell you, that your faith may not be shaken.
The Pharisees therefore said to him, You testify about yourself, and your testimony is false.
When Hezekiah and the princes came and looked at the towers, they blessed Yahweh, and blessed his people Israel.
then the priest shall command that they cast the stones of the plague away, and cast them out of the city into a place that is not clean.
As for the prince, for he is the prince, let him sit in the chamber, and eat bread before Yahweh: and he shall come in by the way of the porch of the gate, and shall go forth from there.
God played the prostitute with the hand of Paul.
It happened at that time, that a woman who had been cast away twelve years came near to him, and touched the cords of his garments.
The idol is a scepter of evil. A silver scepter is on him, and a silver scepter is on him.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Stretch out your rod, and strike the dust of the ground, and make him a prostitute throughout all the land of Egypt.
Now the rest of the acts of Menahem, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
For death has come to our door, And has entered into our stronghold. He has destroyed the little ones from outside, And the young men from the streets.
Moses said, Show me your glory.
I made for myself a field of flowers and fruit trees, and planted in it all kinds of fruit trees.
neither shall you take your neighbor's wife, nor your neighbor's house, nor his field, nor his servant, nor his handmaid, nor his ox, nor his donkey, nor all that your neighbor has.
We know that God spoke to Moses, but we don't know where this man came from.
Their tents and their flocks shall be taken away; their linen cloths, and all their vessels, and their camels shall be taken away for their own. They shall cry to them, and say, There shall be fear round about them.'
He said to me, Let him go and build him a house in the land of Sinal: and if the house is good, let him be in his own place.
Judah sent a goat out of the hand of the Adullamite, whom he had sent to his friends; but he didn't find him.
Every man brought his offering to Yahweh, both a man and a woman, every man with his golden vessels, the rings of the breastplate, the snuffers, the snuffers, and the snuffers.
Moses and Eleazar the priest took their gold, which was of every good reed.
Moses anointed the tent of meeting, and all that was therein, and sanctified it.
Then the king passed over, and came to Gilgal; and he passed over with him at Chimham: and all the people of Judah, and half the people of Israel, passed over with the king.
The man came out to them, and said to them, Beloved, don't do this evil thing. Don't do this shameful thing, because this man entered into my house.
For God is greater than our hearts, And knows all things.
We can't despise the Almighty. He has power, justice, and fullness of righteousness. He will not afflict anyone.
Joab the son of Zeruiah was captain of the army; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud was captain of the guard.
But in the day that he comes, who can stand? When he appears, who can stand? For he is like a burning fiery fire, Like a rustling furnace.
Therefore they answered, We don't know where they came from.
The lord of the man's house shall return in the day when he is not struck.
For Christ died for us, that we might live, whether we were dead or alive, in him alone.
I know your name, and will testify against them, that your love may be in them, and I in them.
So the peace of God, whom they have until now, will be kept in Christ Jesus for your sakes.
They said, This is Jesus, the prophet, of the Nazarenes, who are in Galilee.
The seed and the innards shall not be numbered, but the seed shall be numbered by the God of the seed.
All promises of God are in Jesus Christ. Therefore we say to him, Amen, and glorify God.
God stretched out his hand, and struck the rock, and took it out of the base of the mountain.
Let the nations rejoice and sing with joy. For you have judged the nations in righteousness, The nations of the earth. Selah.
Outside of the gate of the inner court, by the side of the north gate, there were chambers for the singers; and the chambers were toward the south, and by the side of the east gate toward the north.
Yahweh, you are my King. Set a commandment, that you may save Jacob.
I came to the well this day, and said, Yahweh, the God of my master Abraham, if you will, let me keep my way.
For Yahweh your God has walked in your camp, to deliver you, and to deliver your enemies to you: therefore shall your camp be holy, that he not see your affliction, and depart from you.
Jacob also stayed with Rachel, and loved Rachel more than Leah. He worked seven years.
As you did to Midian, so did you to them; As you did to Sheshai and to Jabin by the river Kishon.
All the captains of the army, Johanan the son of Kareah, and Jehohaniah the son of Hoshaiah, and all the people, from the youngest of them even to the greatest of them;
Shall a man live after his death? Let me keep the days of my labor, until the days of my misery come.
So also did the magicians with their enchantments, and brought frogs into the land of Egypt.
If you depart from Yahweh to serve the gods of the nations, Yahweh will return to bring evil on you, and destroy you, after he has blessed you.
Let your wrath be poured out on them. Let your wrath be on them.
You have divided the sea before them, that they may pass through it as dry land; You have cast their pursuers into the deep sea, as stones into the midst of great waters;
Paul wanted to enter into the crowd, but his disciples blocked him.
The livestock of the children of Reuben and the livestock of Gad were exceeding many; and they saw the land of Jazer, and the land of Gilead, as a place to take livestock.
as the baptism, the hand, the resurrection of the dead, and the constant instruction of the everlasting judgment.
Moreover Yahweh your God will send to them a great sweet savor, until they have consumed them before you.
Moses said to Aaron and to Eleazar and to Ithamar his sons, You shall not break the hair of your head, nor tear your clothes, that you not die, nor that Yahweh be angry with the congregation; but all your brothers the house of Israel shall cry out for the fire of Yahweh.
But if a man says that he lives in light, yet hates his brother, or his sister, he shall surely live in darkness.
Loth, Odo, and the valley of labor.
It shall happen, when you shall find affliction, and the things come on you, that you shall turn to Yahweh your God, and hear his word.
I, Zedekiah, the firstborn of this letter, greet you in the Lord.
Go up to the top of the mountains, you who give good news to Zion; and out of your strength your voice, you who give good news to Jerusalem: lift up your voice, don't be afraid, and say to the city of Judah, Behold, your God!
He who mocks the poor blasphemes, But he who humbles himself honors the Lord.
There shall be a place for the animal, and the eagle shall be gathered there.
Kedemoth with its suburbs, and Mephaath with its suburbs; four cities.
All the remnant of Syria, the high places of Ephraim, and the kingdom of Damascus, shall be as the glory of Israel, says Yahweh of Armies.
For you shall enter into a land of possession, not as you came forth out of the land of Egypt; and there you shall graze, and tread with your feet as in a field.
Therefore the animals of the wilderness and the wolves shall dwell therein, and the sword shall dwell therein forever without a man, and forever without a man.
and you shall eat until the month is full, and the flesh shall come out of your nostrils, and you shall abhor; for you have forsaken Yahweh, who dwells among you, and wept before him, and said, Why have we gone forth out of Egypt?
Behold, he shines his light on it. He covers the seas.
His wisdom was greater than all men, and greater than Ethon the Ezranite, and Than Heman the son of Mahol, Than Calcor and Tartah; and his name was proclaimed throughout all the kingdoms of the earth.
He said to the king of Israel, Put your hand to your bow. He put his hand to his bow.
Therefore shall you bring to me all the prophets of Baal, and all who serve Baal, and all his priests; none shall be questioned; for I will offer a great sacrifice to Baal, and none shall live. Jehu has done this with deceit, and will utterly kill those who worship Baal.
If his strength is not enough to offer two turtledoves or two young pigeons, then he shall bring his offering for his sin which he has sinned, the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour, for a sin offering; he shall not burn it with oil, nor buy it with frankincense; for it is a sin offering.
Is it better to say, Your sins are forgiven,' or, Rise up and walk?'
He said to them, Set a feast for them. They said, We have five loaves and two fish here. But if we don't buy, why do we eat all these?
Ahaz said, I will not ask, nor testify against Yahweh.
Then king David went in, and sat before Yahweh, and said, Who am I, Yahweh God, and who am I, that you have brought me to this book?
The man said, This is the flesh of my bones, and the flesh of my flesh; and I will call her a woman; for she is brought out of a man.
It happened on the twenty-threeth day of the seventh month, that the king sent the people to their tents, and they rejoiced and rejoiced every man with his heart, because of the favor of Yahweh, which he gave to David, and to Solomon, and to his people Israel.
Most assuredly, these are the statutes and the ordinances which are brought forth, and the king doesn't do them.
Therefore I will not walk in my wrath, neither will my eyes love them, nor pity them; though they cry to my ears, I will not listen.
He who endures adversity will be afflicted, And the tongue of gentleness will break in pieces.
Those who drew near to the brook turned back, and they came to a desolate place.
We have not glorified ourselves with other labors. Our hope is multiplied in your faith. Our work is multiplied among you.
When the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, they said, This is the king of Israel, and they turned aside to fight against him. Jehoshaphat cried out, and Yahweh helped him, and Yahweh commanded them to depart from him.
He who redeems them will be mighty, and his name will be Yahweh of Armies. He will be gracious to them, and will bring peace to all the earth, and will cause the inhabitants of Babylon to tremble.
Then I said in my heart, This is what the fool has found, and I have found it. Don't I have more wisdom than they? I said in my heart, This also is vanity.
But when she turned and saw him standing, she didn't believe that he was Jesus.
Be of good courage, and let us be partners for our people, and for the cities of our God: Yahweh do that which is good in his sight.
For Yahweh can't bring this people into the land which he swore to them; therefore he has killed them in the wilderness.
This is the word of Yahweh, which he spoke by Jeremiah: wait until the land receives its rest; for it shall rest from the time of its destruction until seventy years.
They did it for the sight of all. They made the robes longer, and the skirts of their garments longer.
Even though you are a slug, and not a burnt offering, I will bring you out of my mouth.
He said, What will I do to the Kingdom of God?
They made two rings of gold, and two rings of gold, and put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate.
Every man who touches his flesh shall be holy: and if his blood is sprinkled on any garment, and it is sprinkled on him, then you shall bathe him in the holy place.
For they all saw him, and were afraid. He said to them immediately, I am you, my soul. Don't be afraid.
Weep for Saul, daughter of Israel! For he made you to be glad in scarlet, And made your garments of gold.
Jesus said to him, What do you want? He said to him, When you were king, you gave me one of my two sons to sit on your right hand, and one of your left.
It happened, when all the people heard these words, that they said, Truly this man is the prophet.
David called a young man, and said, Put your trust in him, and kill him. He went and killed him.
Then said Asher concerning him, Blessed be Asher for his son, and the joy of their brothers, that he may lay his foot on the bread.
For, behold, the Father loves us, and has called us children of God; and we are his children in all things. Therefore the sons of men don't know us, because they don't know God.
When Ahorebah his sister saw it, she was more sexually immoral than he; and she was more sexually immoral than his rival.
It shall be, when Aaron lights the lamp, that he shall burn incense: it shall be the incense that you shall burn before Yahweh continually throughout your generations.
The wicked lift up their face, and say, He will not be saved; But all that he thinks he has is a vessel of no God.
Seven times shall you sprinkle the leprosy on him who is to be cleansed, and you shall pronounce him clean; and you shall let the living bird go into the field.
Then we possessed the land: and I gave it to the Reubenites, and to the Gadites, after Aroer, which is by the valley of the Arnon, and after half Gilead, and after the half-tribe of Gilead.
When the net was full, he hurried, and sat down; and he took the good fish, and hid it, and cast out the deadly fish.
Then I will shine a lamp on Jerusalem, and I will punish those who are numbered of the thousands, who say in their heart, Yahweh will not bring good, neither will he bring evil.
So the priests, and the Levites, and the porters, and the singers, and one third of the people, and the Nethinim, and all Israel, lived in their cities.
If his father has no brother, then he shall give his inheritance to the relatives of his people, and he shall possess it: it shall be a statute for the children of Israel to keep forever, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Samuel said to him, Thus has Yahweh broken the kingdom of Israel from you this day, that he may give it to one of your neighbors better than you.
They went every one straight before him; and where the spirit went, they went; and when they went, they didn't turn away their bodies.
He went out, and went to his father. When your father was yet a long way from them, he saw him, and was astonished at him. He ran, and kissed him continually.
But we don't fear to walk in the way of destruction, but we are saved by faith.
The sound of the cherubim spread abroad as the voice of God, the Almighty.
A man's mouth answers wisely. It is well with wise words.
That they may know that this is out of your hand, That you, Yahweh, have done it.
Therefore you shall be hungry, thirsty, naked, and have nothing to eat, to serve the enemies whom Yahweh has sent against you; and he shall put iron in your neck, until he has consumed you.
The fruit of light is wisdom, righteousness, and truth.
The sheep shall not follow the blind, but shall flee, because they don't understand the voice of the blind.
In the second month, in the second year of his coming out of Egypt, Yahweh commanded Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, saying,
If anyone sins, even if he hears the voice of a curse, then he shall be a witness: but whatever he sees or knows he shall not say, he shall bear his sin.
You say that you have counsel and strength to fight. I say that it is a waste of words. But who is he who trusts in you to rebel against me?
Abner met with the elders of Israel, and said, You desired that David should reign over you,
The pot is for silver, and the knead is for gold. The praises testify.
But concerning the Holy One, he said, God, your throne is forever, and your kingdom's dominion is uprightness.
You shall offer a young bull for a sin offering, says the Lord Yahweh, to the sons of Zadok the Levite, the priest, who come near to me to minister to me.
You shall write a letter to the angel of the assembly in Sarath, saying, Thus says he who has the seven Spirits of God and the seven stars, I know your works; that you live in truth, and that you die.
My son, don't forget my precepts. Keep my commandments in your heart.
Their yoke is calm, and they don't fear. The rod of God doesn't strike them.
The men said therefore to them, What is the name of the man who built this house?
Therefore let them be steadfast in the commandment of God, and in the truth of Jesus.
and the ark of the testimony, and its poles, and the mercy seat;
This is the Ezra who came out of Babylon according to the law which Yahweh, the God of Israel, gave Moses: he is a scribe of all the kings; and the king does to him according to all that Yahweh his God has given him.
Pharaoh dealt well with Abram for the woman: and Abram received sheep, and oxen, and donkeys, and servants, and handmaids, and donkeys, and camels.
The pots were for silver, and the wagons for gold; but Yahweh was for the heart.
But if a man keeps the word of God, then he is perfect in God's love; so that we may know that we live according to the will of God.
It happened on the next day, in the second day of the month, that David's words were left unfinished. Saul said to Jonathan his son, Why didn't the son of Jesse eat bread today and tomorrow?
But we were all given according to the breadth which Christ gave us.
All those who worship in the house, and all those who worship in the sky, who swear by Yahweh, and swear by Malcam;
He who hates me hates my Father also.
I will fill the mountains with the slain; and the slain by the sword shall fall on your lowland, and on your valleys, and on all your wells.
A angel of the Lord appeared to them by the way, and the glory of the Lord appeared to them under all their wings. They marveled greatly.
When he has shaved his house, and blotted out his hair, and the plague has returned, and has spread in the house,
and for sacrifices of peace offerings, and for a freewill offering, and for a proclamation and for a proclamation; which you delight in, you children of Israel.
For God has made him a perfect and perfect body, and he is a bond of salvation to all those who obey him forever.
You shall give your affairs to Yahweh, and trust in him, and he will make you whole.
When they have poured out their waters, the angel of the Lord will come down and strike the waters with his hand. When the waters have been struck, all things will be well with the first who falls.
Jesus said to them, I am bread of life. Those who come to me will not be hungry, Nor those who believe in me forever.
He will say, Their gods, the rock on which they trust,
Haven't you heard the words of this people? They say, He has rejected the two nations which Yahweh has chosen; therefore they despise my people, that they may no more build a kingdom before them.
It happened in the three and a half years of Asa king of Judah, that Baasha struck him, and uttered his words.
Your beautiful name shall be known among the nations, and it shall be perfect in your beauty; for I will give you my glory, says the Lord Yahweh.
I said, You are gods. You are all sons of the Most High.
For thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: There shall be no stumbling block in the midst of the house, neither shall the oil in the midst of the chamber fail until the day that Yahweh is poured out on the earth.
But Paul said to the men, We are Romans, and they have bound us in sackcloth before all the people, and put us in prison. Now will they drive us out secretly, or won't it be? Call on Caesar's servants, and bring us out.
Hear, the shepherds roar, because their glory is destroyed. Listen, the mighty lions roar, because the forest of the Jordan is desolate.
Therefore our prophecy, which we prophesied from the prophets, is stronger. Listen, for this prophecy is like a lamp that burns in darkness to the dawning of the morning, even to the appearance of a star in your heart.
The priest shall offer burnt offerings and meal offerings on the altar; and the priest shall make atonement for him, and he shall be clean.
All the vessels of the tent, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of the court, shall be of brass.
Yahweh of Armies, my king, my God, the sparrow has found a house, and the donkey has found a son's death, even in your altar.
That we may believe in this, That we may receive all things in all.
I, Yahweh of Armies, command evil against you this day; for Israel and the house of Judah have done wickedly, and have burned incense to Baal, and have provoked me to anger; and if you do it, you shall be recompensed.
As he has glorified himself, let him mourn and be sorry; for he has said in his heart, I am king in the midst of the throne, and I am not a widow, and I will not find sorrow.
Let the heavens sing, for Yahweh has built them; the deep places of the earth a voice of gladness; the mountains a voice of singing: so shall the forest and all the trees of it be; for Yahweh has redeemed Jacob, and he will be glorified in Israel.
Have patience, that you may know the will of God, that you may receive the blessing of his promise.
All the women of the land were not as beautiful as the daughters of Job; but their father gave them inheritance among their brothers.
A voice of a horse, A voice of a chariot, A roaring of horses, A roaring of chariots,
Then they brought him to the high priest. The chief priests, the elders, and the scribes gathered themselves together.
Don't you know? Don't you remember that I made five thousand men to eat five loaves, and that the rest of them were covered with flint?
But there is a thing that will testify against me, that I have cried among them, saying, I have been judged this day for the resurrection of the dead.'
He became great, and great, and great, until he became great.
The people answered Joshua, and said, We will serve Yahweh our God, and will obey his voice.
Amaziah struck the Edomites in the valley of salt a hundred thousand; and he took Shelah, and called him Jothar, to this day.
He said to them, Is it better for the Sabbath to be a good thing, or a bad thing; to save a man's life, or to harm a man's life? They held their peace.
The house which Solomon built for Yahweh was sixty cubits long, and twenty cubits broad, and thirty cubits high.
He builds a house like a man, and digs deep. He puts the foundations on the rock. When the flood comes, it covers the house, and the house is not shaken; for the house is established.
If you will not listen to me, and keep the Sabbath as a holy day, then you shall enter into every gate of Jerusalem on the Sabbath day: and I will set a fire in every gate; and the fire shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem, and shall not be devoured.
Then Jesus passed through the field on the Sabbath day, and his disciples were hungry, and brought in water.
When he turns away from the first vow, he makes himself a witness of iniquity.
I give thanks to the strength of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has shown me faithfulness, that I should come and serve him.
For we all shall surely die, as water falls on the earth, and shall no more be able to bring it again. But Yahweh doesn't take the life of man, but he has ordained that the souls of the dead should not be driven out from him.
When you command a man for his iniquity, you shall destroy his desire as a pestilence; for the sons of men are vanity. Selah.
You have shown loving kindness to the loving one. You have shown loving kindness to the perfect one.
Yahweh, my rock, and my Redeemer, receive before you the word of my mouth, and the thought of my heart.
Who is God, other than Yahweh? Or a rock, other than our God?
When Saul saw it, he knew that Yahweh was with David, and that Michal the daughter of Saul loved him also.
He made the ephod of gold, and of blue, and purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen.
But Yahweh, who brought you up out of the land of Egypt with a mighty hand and with an outstretched arm, you shall fear him, and worship him, and sacrifice to him.
Yahweh, you see that it is little, for you have spoken of your servant's house to a long time. Yahweh God, you have dealt with me as the wisdom of a mighty man.
Why, my soul? Why do you seek after me? Look to God. I will praise him, for he is the glory of my face, and my God.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Go, tell the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, Have you not listened to me, says Yahweh?
The way of the wicked is an abomination to Yahweh; But he who seeks righteousness will love him.
There shall be no more a voice of Yahweh heard, as in that day, because Yahweh has fought for Israel.
I said to the wicked, You shall surely die: if you don't warn him, nor warn the wicked, and cause him to depart from his evil way, to save his life; that wicked man shall die in his iniquity; but I will take his life out of your hand.
He entered again into the synagogue, and there was a man with a broken hand.
There was a river, and the springs of water were in it; and it brought joy to the city of Yahweh, the sanctuary of the Most High.
Everyone goes out of the way, and walks in deceit. There is none who does good, and there is none who doesn't draw a sword.
It is better to dwell in the corner of the house, Than with a weary woman to dwell in a narrow house.
If we don't persevere, we return the second time.
You shall put on linen garments when they go in to the door of the house: you shall not put on linen garments when they go in to the door of the house, nor when they walk in the house.
It happened, when the heavens were set on fire, that Yahweh looked down from the cloud and from the pillars of fire, and saw the army of Egypt, and struck their pillars.
Yahweh has given me two tables of stone, which Yahweh has written with a pen: and the writing on them is according to all that Yahweh has spoken to you in the day of the assembly, on the mountains, and in the midst of the fire.
Who can declare his generation? For his life has been fulfilled on the earth.
I took a small amount of water, and gave you to wash your feet, and slept under your hands.
Behold, you blind men, who sit in the midst of the lion's womb. You young donkeys, lift them up, and the camels are swallowed up.
Pharaoh shall do so, and shall set a ruler over the land. In the seventh year, in the year of rejoicing, he shall take the portion of the land of Egypt,
Aaron is dying, because he can't enter into the land which I give to the children of Israel; because you have broken my commandments in the waters of Meribah.
The king was in the plains of the Jordan, between Succoth and Zalethon, in the land of clay.
I will restore your body, says Yahweh, and will heal your wounds; for they have called you a fugitive, saying, It is Zion, and no one comes to spy it.
I am the vine, and you are the branches; he who dwells in me, I will dwell in his, and will yield to him fruit abundantly; for if he is with me, you shall not do anything.
They gathered together all the people, the elders, and the scribes, and took Styphania, and delivered it to the council of the righteous.
These four men, whom the great men of Gath bore, were in the hand of David, and in the hand of his servants.
It happened in the ninth year, when the Passover was approaching, that his father and his brothers were passing through Jerusalem.
Your bows are gone forth. All the oaths of these tribes are true. Selah. You have divided the land by the river.
This is the way which Yahweh your God commanded you: do it; that you may live, and be blessed, and that you may be long in the day that you shall inherit the land.
But you, this son, the soothsayer, have divided you to all his possessions; and when he comes, you shall kill the fattened bull for him.'
They all marveled, saying, All his works were good, and he made the deaf to hear, and the mute to speak.
Jacob lifted up his eyes, and saw Esau coming, and four hundred men with him. He divided the children, and gave them to Leah, and to Rachel, and to the two handmaids.
I will keep your statutes. Don't forsake me completely.
All the Levites who were numbered of them, even Moses, Aaron, and the princes of Israel, by their families, by their fathers' houses,
For he has established your doors, And blessed the children of your midst.
They took him, and brought him to Anath, for he was a high priest of the people, and a doctor of Caiaphas the same year.
One of his servants answered the king, and said, Send us five horses left over, which are left in the city: behold, they are left in the city as the children of Israel; behold, they are destroyed as the children of Israel; and let us see.
His dominion is great, but not from his own dominion; and he shall do exceeding destruction, and prosper, and shall do according to his own will; and he shall destroy the rulers and the holy people.
A certain man's name was Eliezer; for Moses said, The God of my father helped me, and delivered me out of the sword of Pharaoh.
His branches shall be broken, and the woman shall burn them. For this people are fools. Therefore their God will not be merciful to them, Neither will he be gracious to them who created them.
If the pomegranate hasn't grown in its place, and hasn't been borne in its place, the priest shall pronounce him clean.
Yahweh did according to his will in heaven, and on earth, and in the midst of the sea, and in all the depths of the deep.
I will enlarge the nations, and all the nations shall come, and I will fill the house with glory, says Yahweh of Armies.
I will be to him a Father, and he will be to me a son; and I will not leave my loving kindness from him, as I did to a king from the way before me.
When he saw a fig tree by the way, he sat down, and said, There is no fruit in the tree, but a sycamore tree. He said to the fig tree, You shall not produce fruit from now on. The fig tree dried up immediately.
Then Jesus called the multitudes and the disciples to himself, and said to them, If anyone desires to follow me, let him leave his cross, and follow me.
I will make Jerusalem a heap of dust, and a dwelling place for the wild donkeys; and I will make the cities of Judah a desolation, and no man shall dwell therein.
All the loving kindness and the truth which you have shown to your servant, even the youngest, I haven't gotten. I took my rod, and passed over this Jordan, and am now two great men.
Joshua rose up early in the morning, and all Israel with him, from Shittim, and came to the Jordan; and before he had passed over, he slept there, until he had passed over the river.
Samson said to them, This time I have hurt the Philistines, and they have not sinned against me.
On Mount Zion shall flee, and shall be sanctified; and the house of Jacob shall possess it.
It happened a day later, that Eli slept in his own place: and his eyes were closed, and he could not see.
Therefore the promise is by faith, that the promise may be preserved in the grace of God, which is open to all the seed of Abraham, not just those who are circumcised, but also those who are bound to the faith of Abraham, our fathers.
It happened in the first month, on the first day of the seventh year, in the first day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Pharaoh prepared his chariot, and took his people with him,
God said to him who was clothed in linen, Go in, and take the cherubim in the midst of the wheel of the journey, and take the two sticks full of the fire of the cherubim, and lay them on the wall. Then my eyes were opened to see the man go in.
You shall take a wife, and other shall be with her; and you shall build a house, and shall not stand in it: and you shall plant vineyards, and shall not eat the fruit of it.
Saying, Where is the promise of the Lord? All our fathers are dead, but all things are new from the foundation of the world.
They came to Philip the Bethsaidite, who was in Galilee, and begged him, saying, Sir, we want to see Jesus.
The lord said to him, I tell you, I will increase the man who is found, and all that is found of him will I take away.
Samson struck them with great violence, and burned their dead bodies. He went down to dwell on the stone of Etam.
One man has faith in a spirit, and another has healing in a spirit.
Prepare yourselves, and prepare yourselves, you, and all the army that is with you; and be their captain.
Yahweh preserves all those who love him; But he will destroy all those who do evil.
Don't you remember that I made four thousand men to eat seven loaves, and to gather the remnant of them in sackcloth?
We sat by the river of Babylon, and when we saw Zion, our eyes fell on it.
For the Levite has no portion nor inheritance among you: he shall eat of it, he, and the foreigner, and the fatherless, and the widow, who dwell in your gates; so that Yahweh your God may bless you in all that you do.
When they were disappointed for their hope, they were dismayed, and came to the end.
Gideon brought the people down to the water. Yahweh said to Gideon, He who eats and drinks, as he eats, let him stand alone; and he who drinks and goes down to drink, let him stand alone.
All the vows of it, and the oath of the covenant, he shall afflict himself; and his husband shall establish it, and his wife shall cut it off.
When Jesus was angry, one looked at them, and was grieved because of them. He said to the man, Stretch out your hand. He stretched out his hand, and it went out.
Yahweh spoke to Moses the same day, saying,
He is a desolation in the waters. Their weight is cursed on the earth. He doesn't turn again to walk in the vineyards.
He will die in his youth, And their life will be as a child, And their soul will be stricken with evil.
For Israel has forgotten to build their lord. They have set their sights. The house of Judah has built strong cities. I will send a fire on them, and will burn their camp.
When he had made an end of speaking these words to them, he was taken up into heaven, and sat on God's right hand.
I will put a moss on your head, And a blue stone on your foundations, You who are afflicted, And a snare to those who can't be comforted by the wind.
When you cry with a loud voice, that your gathering may save you, the wind shall sweep them away, and the breath shall blow them up; but he who trusts in me will possess the land, and will inherit my holy mountain.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: I will judge you, house of Israel, according to all that you have done: turn from all your iniquities, that sins may not consume you.
Those who were speaking to him, they marveled at his understanding and his answer.
and he was king in the plains of the Jordan between Succoth and Zalethon, in the land of clay, and he adorned it with clay pots of clay.
He measured his length twenty cubits, and his breadth twenty cubits, before the house: and he said to me, This is the most holy thing.
Saul was very angry, and didn't delight himself in it; and he said, Give ten thousand to David, and ten thousand to me; but leave me only the remnant of the kingdom.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and serve him; and you shall swear by his name.
She cried with a loud voice, Woe to you! Woe to Babylon! Now this city is become a dwelling place for the mighty, and for all the snares of the demons, and for all the afflicted animals that are unclean and abominable.
But if a man doesn't believe in his heart, he will not receive it with joy. He who comes near to God must believe in his presence, and that he will reward those who seek him.
Nevertheless I didn't forsake them, nor abhor them, when they were in the land of their enemies; but I destroyed them utterly, so that they rebelled against my covenant which I made with them; for I am Yahweh their God.
Take heed to yourselves; for they shall deliver you up to the council, and you shall be struck in the synagogue: and you shall stand before the magistrates and the kings for my cause, to testify against them.
Then you shall lift up your face without blemish; and you shall stand, and shall not be afraid.
As he was sitting on the Mount of Olives, looking toward the temple, Peter, James, John, and Andrew asked him secretly, saying,
Egypt is full as the Nile, and its waters are as the rivers flowing. His words say, I will gird myself, and I will cover the whole land. I will destroy the cities, and the inhabitants of it.
He made a ring of thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and
His affliction is like light. Out of his hand shines light. There is his strength.
It was told Jacob, saying, Behold, Joseph your son comes to you. Then Israel hid himself, and sat on his bed.
For I have given you wealth and wisdom, that your enemies may not be haughty or blasphemed.
If your brother, or your son, or your daughter, or a wife of your heart, or a friend of your life, persuades you secretly, saying, Let us go and serve other gods, which you have not known, you, nor your fathers;
When we see you sick or in prison, will we testify against you?'
He heard the voice of Peter, and was glad, and didn't forget to open the door, and ran to his steward, and said, Peter was standing at the door.
Joshua said, Thus shall you know that Yahweh, who lives, will rule before you over the Canaanites, and over the Hittites, and over the Hivites, and over the Perizzites, and over the Gigashite, and over the Amorite, and over the Jebusites;
It happened on the next day, that the army returned to the camp, and sent the horsemen to deliver Paul.
Seven days shall you see no light round about you; neither shall you leave a little of the flesh of the sacrifice of the first day until the morning.
Jesus said to him, The salvation comes to this house this day, because it is Abraham's seed.
All the kings of the earth came to see Solomon, and to hear his wisdom, which God had given him in his heart.
Neither will the world see me any more, but you will see me; for I live, and you will live.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five male lambs a year old. This was the offering of Eliab the son of Zeruoh.
Peter and John laid their hands on them, and they were filled with the Holy Spirit.
He prepared seven trumpets for the seven angels, ready to blow.
Moses said to Aaron, Take the censer, and put the fire of the altar in it, and put the censer on it, and bring it to the congregation, and make atonement for them; for wrath has poured out on Yahweh, and the pestilence is gone out.
The king said, Return him to his house, and don't see my face. Absalom returned to his house, and didn't see the king's face.
When he heard these things, his face was shaken, and he departed from him, because he had much wealth.
neither shall you enter into the land where I swore to you; but Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun, shall enter into it.
When we cried to Yahweh, he heard our voice, and sent messengers to bring us out of Egypt; and we are in Kadesh, which is by you.
But the land that was afflicted was no more darkened; and God deceived the land of Zebulun and Naphtali, and gave it the way to the sea, and the border of the Jordan, and Galilee of the Gentiles.
For his eyes look at the way of every man, And see his steps.
It happened after this, that he died, and the angel brought him into Abraham's heart. The rich man also died, and was buried.
When they heard this, they were very glad, and set their heart to give him money. Judas looked, and saw what might be done to him.
Blessed are you in the city, Blessed are you in the field.
But Vashti the queen refused to come, and didn't listen to the king's commandment, which he commanded him: therefore the king was very angry, and his heart was burning like fire.
that I may return to my father's house in peace; that Yahweh may be my God;
All the males of the priests shall eat of them; it is most holy.
So love was perfected among us, that we might be happy and not afraid in the day of judgment, for we have the same life as Jesus in this world.
He has given us to be bondservants under the covenant of reconciliation, which is not written in letters, but in the Spirit; and the written word will die, but the Spirit will give life.
You have broken the word of God, because you want to keep your ordinances.
David did that which Yahweh commanded him; and they struck all the armies of the Philistines, from Gibeon even to Gezer.
We were born as Jews, and not as Gentiles, as they say.
But when the husband hears that he has cut him off, he shall bear the iniquity of the woman.
You were chosen according to the will of God the Father, and sanctified in the Spirit, that you might obey Jesus Christ, and that you might be sanctified in his blood. Grace to you and peace be with you all.
Let your father-in-law rejoice. Let your mother-in-law rejoice.
Behold, this is the joy of his way; and afterward another will come out of the earth.
His eyes are not far from the righteous. He has made them to sit with the king forever. They are exalted.
David lived in the stronghold that is in the midst of the country, and he lived in the hill country of the wilderness of Jihu. Saul sought him day by day, but God didn't deliver him into his hand.
There were also doors for three waters, for a measure and for a measure; so were the three waters.
You shall choose three men of your tribes, and I will send them; and they shall go out into the land, and walk therein, according to their number, and they shall return to me.
The earth will tremble like a drunken man, And will tremble like a drunken man. The waters will be on them, And they will fall, And they will not rise again.
But if God has mercy on us, and has given us this burden, we will no more be burned.
They shall bring your brothers again out of the midst of the nations; and they shall bring their horses, and their chariots, and their chariots, and their camels, and their camels, to Yahweh to my holy mountain, to Jerusalem; as the children of Israel brought their offerings in clean vessels into the house of Yahweh, says Yahweh.
The servants of God rose up early in the morning, and went out, and saw the army, and the horses, and the chariots circling the city. They said to him, Woe, my lord! what shall we do?
Jesus said to him, Blessed are those who don't see my faith, who don't see the sword.
All the gifts are to you like a whirlwind. They deliver the whirlwind to those who know it, and say, Read this, that I may hear it. He says, I can't read it, because it is raining.
Speak to the children of Israel, saying, You shall surely keep my Sabbaths; for they are my witness between me and you throughout your generations, that you may know that I am Yahweh, and that you may be holy.
So king David sent, and brought him up out of the house of Machir the son of Ammiel the Reubenite.
If God doesn't cut off the days, no one will be saved; but God will cut off the days for his chosen ones.
There were some sons of Hosah the son of Merari, of whom he was not a great-grandson; but their father made him a great-grandson.
For the Kingdom of God is not in words, but in power.
Abijah, sister to us, Abihippah, and the assembly that is in your house.
and cast their gods into the fire; for they were not God, but the work of men's hands, wood and stone, and they destroyed them.
He made a tribe out of one man, and put them on the surface of all the earth; and he numbered them year by year, with the border of the land where they lived.
For they have forsaken me, and have burned incense to other gods, and have provoked me to anger with the work of their hands: therefore am I angry in this place, as if there had been no fire.
Then Mordecai told him all that had happened to him, and all the money that Haman had said he would offer in the king's chamber to destroy Judah,
All the heads of the house, and the heads of fathers' houses, and the governors, and the governors, and the captains of the ships, shall make a decree to set a king's charge, and to set a supplication to the king in thirty days: and everyone who asks of any god, or asks of any man, shall cast him into the midst of the lion.
Yahweh God said, Behold, this man has reconciled himself to us, and has reconciled his sin; lest he again stretch out his hand to eat fruit from the tree of life, and live forever.
Pharaoh said to him, What lack have you here, that you should return to your own country? He said to him, I lack nothing, but let me return.
He said to me, Great love, Daniel, understand what I have said to you. Arise, for I am sent to you. When he had spoken to me, I stood up straight.
Joram took all the chariots, and passed over to Zerui, and rose up early in the night, and struck the Edomites who surrounded him, and the captains of the chariots; and the people fled, and returned to their tents.
The liars and the honorable are the first, And the prophets who teach lies are the last.
Be strong, that God may consider you a robber, a lowly worker, and a faithful witness of the truth.
that I may rejoice in the day of Christ; for I am not a liar, and none of my labor is vain.
Solomon built the cities which Hiram had given Solomon, and made Israel to dwell therein.
Give thanks to Yahweh with a harp, And praise him with ten cymbals.
He called all the chief priests and the scribes of the people together, and said to them, Where is Christ born?
Arise, sword, against my shepherds, and against him who is with me, says Yahweh of Armies: strike the shepherds, and the flock shall be scattered; and I will turn my hand, and strike the little ones.
When all Israel saw that the king didn't listen to them, the people said to the king, What portion have we in David? We have nothing to do with the sons of Jesse: return, Israel, to your tents, David; and the children of Israel returned to their tents.
Now therefore choose you out of the tribes of Israel twelve men, one man out of each tribe;
They said to Joshua, We are your servants. Joshua said to them, Who are you? From where have you come?
Remember, Yahweh, how I have walked before you with a perfect heart, and with truth, and with the good that you have seen. Hezekiah wept bitterly.
For one man's disobedience, all men are sinners; and for another man's obedience, all men are righteous.
The money that is redeemed from the house of the people shall be Aaron's and his sons'.
He was fearful of God, a man of godliness, and a man of a multitude of the poor and needy, and prayed continually to God.
He had a son, Saul by name, a mighty man of valor, and a good looking head; and there was none like him in Israel: and he had a higher head than all the people.
Samuel said to Saul, Why do you frighten me, and raise me up? Saul said, I am afflicted to the end; for God has not departed from me, neither has he answered me with prophets, or with dreams: therefore please come, that I may show you what I shall do.
But Jesus answered them, Come after me, and go out and bury those who are dead, and bury them.
The word of Yahweh came to Jonah the son of Amittai, saying,
Then I will make this house like Shiloh, And this city a curse to all the nations of the earth.'
But if these are in my heart, they are hidden from my face.
But David, the ark of God, was brought from Kiriath Jearim to David for his preparation; for he had pitched a tent for God in Jerusalem.
Come, let us walk in the darkness and in the shadow of death, Let our feet enter into the way of peace.
I lifted up my hands toward heaven, and said, I tell you my eternal life:
A fool is wise if he holds his peace, But he who doesn't hold his peace is wise.
but Solomon was made king.
So the field and the fields were given to Abraham for an inheritance from the Hittites, for a burial ground.
But his heart was proud, and his holy one proud; and he walked in pride: and he took away his throne, and took away his glory.
Jacob took the green trees, and the palm trees, and the sycamore trees, and the olive trees, and the pomegranates; and he covered the innards with white, and made the branches of the innards white.
He who blesses Yahweh will inherit the promised land. He who curses him will perish.
There is great fear for the wicked, But God is in the midst of the righteous.
He delivered their livestock to hail, And their flocks to lightning.
It happened in those days, that after two full years his horn came out for the plague, and he died; and his people didn't burn his offerings, as they burned his fathers.
Therefore, beloved, you all have obeyed me when I was with you: now I am not with you, but you obey. Be afraid, trembling, and bringing your salvation to pass.
It happened on the first day of the first month, that he traveled from Babylon, and on the fifth day of the fifth month he came to Jerusalem; for the hand of God was kindled on him.
Go, gather together the elders of Israel, and tell them, Yahweh, the God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, of Isaac, and of Jacob, has appeared to me, saying, Most assuredly I have listened to you; and I have seen what they have done to you in Egypt.
But he who hates his brother or his sister lives in darkness. He lives in darkness, and doesn't know his fortunes, because the darkness has blinded his eyes.
These are the boards of the tent of meeting, and the bars of it, and the pillars of it, and the troughs of it, and all its vessels, and all its service:
Therefore the first priests, and all those who went in to the house of Ashdod, didn't tread on the first stumbling block until this day.
I give you my full attention, lest my labor in the midst of you fail.
This is Yahweh who answers me, Who subdues the peoples.
He said, If you will listen diligently to the voice of Yahweh your God, and to do that which is right in the eyes of Yahweh, and listen diligently to his commandments, and to keep all his statutes, then you shall not find what I have caused to happen to the Egyptians; for I am Yahweh who heals you.
He made the altar of burnt offering of acacia wood. Its length was five cubits, and its breadth five cubits; and the height of it was three cubits.
Thus says Yahweh: As I have brought this great evil on this people, so will I bring on them all the blessing that I have promised them.
I shall die in this land, and I shall not pass over the Jordan; but you shall pass over to the good land.
Pharaoh said, I will let you go, and sacrifice to Yahweh your God in the wilderness; but don't go far; but pray to me.
These are the statutes and the ordinances, which Yahweh, the God of your fathers, gives you to walk in all your days in the land which Yahweh your father gives you to possess it:
Their kings and their princes shall go into captivity together, says Yahweh.
Job answered,
The wicked will be in Sheol, And the nations that don't remember God will be like them.
For Yahweh your God, he who goes with you, will fight against you and against your enemies, and will save you.
But you shall not build a house; but the son of your seed shall build a house for my name.'
The wind came out of Yahweh, and blew the sand from the sea, and fell on the edge of the camp about a day's journey, and on the edge of the camp about a day's journey: and all the camp died round about, and you were about two cubits away.
Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, to build him a house, with cedar wood, and with dust, and with water.
Yahweh is my light and my salvation. Who am I afraid of? Yahweh is the strength of my life. Who am I afraid of?
You shall eat no blood; so shall you do that which is right in the eyes of Yahweh; and you shall be blessed, you, and your seed with you.
Beloved, don't believe any spirit, but testify to him, that he is not of God; for many false prophets have appeared in this world.
The cloud arose out of the tent, and behold, Milam was leprosy like snow. Aaron saw Milam, and behold, he was leprosy.
Cry aloud, you shepherds! Claim it in the midst of the fire! For the day of your slain and of your dispersed is at hand. You will fall like a man's kneading trough.
For I say this, every man has his own interpretation. Some say, I am Paul's; some, Apollos'; some, Peter's; and some, Christ's.
For Yahweh is he who made the heavens, and he is God, who sits on the earth, and works them out, and strengthens them; he is not vanity, but he who makes them to dwell. Thus says he, I am Yahweh, and there is none else.
You shall bring your money again, and you shall requite him your money, and bring it back to him; for it is waste.
Behold, I have a word, my son. Behold, it is written: Write, and it doesn't fail; Read, and you shall be weary.
When we had made known to the king that the city was built, and that the wall was made good, then there was no place beyond the River.
But Abishai the son of Zeruiah kept watch over David, and struck the Philistine. The men who followed David swore to him, saying, You shall not go out any more with us after this time, lest you strike the lamp of Israel.
Moab has been peaceful from the beginning, says Yahweh, As a thousand wine, it has not poured out its vessels on other vessels, neither has it been taken: therefore her tent is still, and her tent has not poured out.
When they saw him, they marveled, and immediately they ran to greet him.
All the people wept for the dead woman. He said, Don't weep, for she isn't dead, but asleep.
We are fatherless sons and daughters. Our mother is like a widow.
Yahweh spoke to Moses and to Aaron, saying,
Caleb the son of Ebed said, Who is Abimelech, and who is Shechem, that we should serve him? Isn't he the son of Jerubbaal? isn't his captain Zebul? serve the men of Hamor, the father of Shechem: why should we serve them?
For Herod knew that he was righteous and holy. Therefore he was afraid of him, and kept him. When Herod heard the words of John, his heart was troubled, but he still listened with joy.
But they were afraid, and said, He has come from Galilee, and has taught in all Judea, and has troubled the people.
When evening had come, he went out, he and his disciples, outside of the city.
He said to the king, Yes, all that I have heard concerning you in the land, and your wisdom, is true.
When he had called Lazarus out of the tomb, that he might rise from the dead, all the people who were with him would be witnesses.
He became a mighty man in the army, and he threw into the earth a great army, and some stars, and trod on them.
The apostles testified with a mighty testimony concerning the resurrection of the Lord Jesus, and the multitude received great favor.
You shall do according to the statutes which they shall teach you, and according to the judgment which they shall pronounce to you: you shall not turn aside to the right hand or to the left from your judgment which they shall pronounce to you.
You shall understand righteous judgment, And walk in righteousness, And do all good.
The wrath of nations is fierce, and you are fierce. The time of judgment is come on the dead, and your servants, the prophets, and all the saints, and those who fear your name, have accounted for the time of judgment, both small and great: and the time of destruction has come on those who have corrupted the world.
Lamot with its suburbs, Anem with its suburbs;
Jesus entered into the house, and the blind came near. He said to them, Do you believe that I can do this thing? They said to him, Yes, Lord.
When Sanballat heard that we had built the wall, he was very angry, and wrathful, and he hurried against Judah.
Samson said to the Philistines, If you do this thing, I will avenge you of it, and it will not be.
Some of the tax collectors also came to be baptized, and they said to John, Teacher, what shall we do?
In the second month, many people will be gathered together to Jerusalem, and will be gathered together to the feast of unleavened bread.
Every abomination that creeps on the earth is abominable: it shall not be eaten.
If he has sanctified the land from the beginning of his life, then he shall make it holy according to your valuation.
Aaron and his sons shall offer the offering of Yahweh in the day of his anointing, one hundred tenth parts of an ephah of fine flour, for a continual meal offering, morning by morning, and evening by night.
The high priest stood up and said to him, What do these men tell you? Why don't you answer?
When all the people heard these things, they marveled, and said to Peter and to the rest of the apostles, What shall we do, brothers?
Woe to the wicked! Woe to him! For he will be repaid for his ways!
There is a man who does abomination with his neighbor's wife, and there is a man who profanes his soul, and defiles it; and there is a man among you who profanes his sister, the daughter of his father.
and acacia wood, and the oil for the lampstand; and the incense of sweet spices for an anointing oil, and for a sweet savor;
In that day Moses commanded the people, saying,
Recall this, and be a witness. Remind the rebellious with a heart.
They prophesied from day to day until the evening offering; but they didn't speak, neither answered, nor listened to them.
The people murmured against Moses, saying, What shall we drink?
The woman answered him, No, Sinser. Jesus said, I will not condemn you, but go you, and don't sin again afterward.
After this, I will pour out my Spirit on all flesh. Your children will speak as prophets, and your old men will have hope, and your young men will see visions.
The king went in every time into the house of Yahweh; and the captain of the guard took the shields; and he returned, and put them in the captain of the guard's house.
But if God has made us enter into his rest, let us have fear in our hearts, lest there be in the midst of you any think that he can't do this promise.
The Lord Yahweh said, I will command my mountains to send forth a sword against Gog; and every man shall kill his brother with his sword.
All the trees of the field shall know that I, Yahweh, have lifted up the high tree, and lifted up the low tree, and the green tree has dried up, and the dry tree is not fruitful: thus has I, Yahweh, spoken, and done it.
You have taken away all your wrath. You have turned away your wrath.
When he saw that the dream was good, he said to Joseph, I saw also in my dream, and there were cakes of bread on my head.
Therefore God raised him up to the highest of the heavens, and gave him the name of all his glory.
The beauty of Zion is gone, the beauty of her daughter. Her princes are like wolves without footstool. They have no strength. They are driven before those who pursue her.
For you know God and our Lord Jesus Christ. Be filled with grace and peace.
Yahweh has shown me four evils.
He said moreover in parables to them, A man took a vineyard, and put up a wall around it, and put a potter's jar in it, and built a tower, and gave it to the farmers, and they went to another place.
A wise counseler is blessed, But the saints are under oppression.
Jesus answered them, How is this generation without faith? Should I stay with you? Should I work with you? Bring to me your son who has the demon.
But I will bring in your little ones, whom you have said shall go into captivity; and they shall know that you have forsaken the land.
Hear you these words, for the Son of Man is about to be delivered into the hand of man.
It happened, when the Almighty God scattered the kings in it, that the earth was as the snow on Mount Salmund.
Yahweh said to Abram, You shall surely know that your seed shall be a stranger in another land, and shall serve the men of the land; and the men of the land shall afflict them four hundred years.
He who is with him, he doesn't sin. He who sins, he didn't see him, he doesn't know him.
Therefore don't be anxious for tomorrow's things. Tomorrow's things will be anxious for tomorrow's things, and tomorrow's affliction for tomorrow's troubles.
When I returned, behold, there were many trees on the two sides of the river on the way.
He didn't drive out Akho, who lived in Sidon, Ahiklah, Achib, Higba, Ahutchik, and the people of Rehob.
You shall cut down for the cleanness of the house two birds, and cedar wood, and scarlet, and hyssop.
The scribes were able to take them with their hands; but they lived in the king's house.
He made a high place in the synagogue, and a high place in the feasts.
David asked again of Yahweh; and Yahweh answered him, Arise, go down to Keilah; for I will deliver the Philistines into your hand.
The secrets of the heart will be revealed, and they will fall down and worship God, saying, God is in the midst of you.
If they are ashamed of all that they have done for themselves, write you before their eyes all the plagues of this house, and its appearance, and its outward place, and its outward place, and its outward appearance, and its outward appearance, and its outward appearance, and its outward appearance, and its outward appearance; that they may do according to all their plagues, and according to all their outward appearance.
So they took every man his censer, and put fire in it, and put the censer on it; and Moses and Aaron stood at the door of the Tent of Meeting.
They have given me a savior, I and your spirit. Honor such a man.
Woe to you! For you are a tomb to the prophets who were slain for your fathers!
Therefore I tell you, don't wait for your life to eat and to drink, or for your body to put on anything. Isn't your life more precious than food? Isn't your body more precious than clothing?
There will be on the earth a nation like your people Israel, whom Yahweh has redeemed to be his people, to give you a name exceeding great and mighty; for you have driven out your people from before your people, whom you have redeemed to come out of Egypt.
David said to Solomon his son, Be strong, and do it; don't be afraid, neither be dismayed; for Yahweh God, my God, is with you; he will not leave you, nor forsake you, until all the work of the house of Yahweh be accomplished.
Many of the multitude prophesied about him, saying, He is a good man. Others said, No, but he stirred up the multitude.
I appoint Saul king for his sake, because he has turned away from following me, and has not kept my commandments: and Samuel prayed to Yahweh with all his heart all the night.
The children of Benjamin didn't drive out the Jebusites who lived in Jerusalem: and the Jebusites remained in Jerusalem with the children of Benjamin to this day.
Others tried to deceive him, asking him to do signs out of heaven.
He fell at his feet, and rose up before the sun, and didn't know it. He said, Let no man know that a woman is come to the threshing floor.
Now therefore we know that you know all things, and don't let anyone ask you. For this cause we believe that you are from God.
He said to them, Go and tell the donkey, Behold, this day, and tomorrow, I will execute my work, and I will be sick, until the third day.'
You also came down on Mount Sinai, and spoke with them out of heaven, and gave them a righteous law, and a righteous law, and good statutes, and commandments;
Thus shall you tell the prophet, What has Yahweh answered you? What has Yahweh said?
Then the king of Israel called a ruler, and said, Go, call Micaiah the son of Imlah.
From the rising of the sun, and from the going down of the sun, it shall be known that there is none other than me: I am Yahweh, and there is none else but me.
All your enemies have opened their mouth to you. They have lifted up their hands, and lifted up their mouths, saying, We will swallow him up. This is the day of our hope. Now we have found it, and we have seen it.
All these things are abominations of poverty and affliction.
He brought Aaron's sons; and Moses sprinkled some of the blood on their right ear, and on the thumb of their right hand, and on the big toe of their right foot: and Moses sprinkled some of the blood on the altar round about.
They were numbered by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the males: and the number of those who were numbered of them from a month old and upward was six thousand two hundred.
The temple of God opened in heaven, and the temple of God saw the ark of his covenant; and there came down thunders, and cymbals, and thunders, and cymbals, and tumults.
They looked around, and didn't see any, but Jesus was with them.
For Damascus was the head of Syria, and Rezin the head of Damascus: in sixty-five years Ephraim shall be destroyed, so that it shall not be a nation.
On the seventh day the priest shall examine him; and if it spreads on the skin, the priest shall pronounce him unclean. It is leprosy.
If there be a grievous thing, they shall stand and judge; and they shall judge according to my judgment; and in all my Sabbaths shall I keep my statutes, and my Sabbaths shall be holy.
He returned with his father and his mother to Nazareth, and bore them. His mother wrote all these words in her mind.
We will not have possession with them on the other side of the Jordan any more; for our possession is on this side eastward of the Jordan.
Most assuredly, I love to speak with the Almighty. I delight in the ways of God.
Yahweh, the God of Israel, why is this in Israel this day, that there is a tribe in Israel?
For when they went into the valley of Eshcol to see the land, they made Israel to burn it, and they didn't want to go into the land which Yahweh gave them.
On the south side, according to their divisions, was the great day of the camp of Reuben: and Elizul the son of Shitiul was prince over the children of Reuben.
But Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem humbled themselves, because they were proud, so that the wrath of Yahweh didn't come on them in the days of Hezekiah.
If the rewarder pursues after him, they shall not deliver the slain man into his hand; for he has slain his neighbor wrongfully, and doesn't hate him at all.
and it was told me that Saul was dead, and that he had taken him for a good sabbath; and I killed him in Shechem; for I had given him for a sabbath.
You shall make a covering of fine linen for them, and you shall feed their nakedness: and you shall stretch out your waist even to the thigh.
You have made us a prey among the nations, And made all the peoples to shake their heads at us.
Therefore Solomon sought to kill Jeroboam; and Jeroboam fled to Egypt, and came to Sishak king of Egypt; and he abode in Egypt until Solomon was dead.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: This people spoke of the house of Yahweh, and that time has not come.
The Moabites were slain at that time about a thousand men of valor, all of them mighty men of valor: there was not a man who escaped.
Yahweh is my rock, and he is worthy to be praised. He has stretched out my hand, and fought, until there was a scourge and a murder in my seed.
Son of man, prophesy, and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh concerning the children of Ammon, and concerning their deeds: The sword, and the sword that comes forth, have come forth to kill, and to destroy, as a lightning that devours.
Joash slept with his fathers, and was with the kings of Israel in Samaria: and Jeroboam his son reigned in his place.
You shall take of every offering a sacrifice to Yahweh for a wave offering; and it shall be given to the priests who offer the blood of the peace offerings.
The ship traveled many days, and came into the sea of Canaan. Because the wind was strong, we believed in the side of Canaan, and went over from Samoa.
The Gileadites, and all the princes of Gilead, said one to another, Who shall go first against the children of Ammon? The man shall be chief of all Gileadites.
But the men didn't listen to him; and he took his young lady away from them, and they fought with him, and made him a reproach all night, and let him go until the morning light.
Peter brought them into the house, and let them stay all night. On the next day Peter went with them, and some of the brothers of Joppa followed him.
It happened on the next day, that Moses entered into the Tent of the Exodus; and behold, the rod of Aaron, of the house of Levi, was broken, and the blood was shed, and the blood was poured out.
David reigned over Israel forty years; and he reigned seven years in Hebron, and thirty-three years reigned he in Jerusalem.
David inquired of Yahweh; and Yahweh said, Don't put your trust in anyone; but turn your ear toward them, and strike them with your right hand and with your left.
He who enters into the world, and dies, will also die; and he who is a thief will die; for he who is a thief will sin.
Whoever forgets God's servant, his way is the same. He who is ungodly, his hope is gone.
The heavens were opened, and many died, and their bodies rose up.
Hokkaido with its suburbs, Rehob with its suburbs;
He has made ashes his food, and his heart is broken, and he has made him a desolation. He can't save himself, neither can he say, Isn't my right hand a liar?
When he had said this, he showed them his hands and his feet.
He waited seven days, and let the donkeys go out; and the donkeys returned no more.
It happened on the eighth day, that the king sent the people away; and they blessed the king; for all the favor of Yahweh which he had given to David his servant, and to his people Israel, they rejoiced, and were glad in their heart, and returned every man to his tent.
He said to them, Hear now a parable. A vineyard is built on a plot, with a treasury, and a winepress in it, and a watchtower in it. He gave it to the farmers, and they went out.
Therefore I command you to eat; for it is your salvation; for there is not a hairy head among you.
So the husband shall love his own woman as his own body. He who loves his own woman is his own body.
You have done all these things, says the Lord Yahweh: you have done the work of prostitutes. Your heart is afflicted.
A man is filled with the fruit of his mouth. He is rewarded according to the work of his hands.
Righteousness preserves the upright. Iniquity destroys those who sin.
You shall say in the morning, It shall not be dark this time;' and in the night, It shall not be light this time.'
The Jews therefore said to him, Who said to you, Get up, and walk?'
When I was in the house of Thessalonica, you also sent for my need.
Those who receive him for the name of the prophet shall be able to discern the reward of the prophet.
I will do a thing against you, and I will strike you seven times for your sins.
Of Israel, his name shall be called The house of the sluggard.'
If anyone commits adultery with his handmaid, before he is appointed, and before he is freed, both of them shall be punished; but they shall not be put to death; for the handmaid is not freed.
In that day you shall say, Give thanks to Yahweh, and call on his name, and proclaim among the nations his ways, that his name is exalted.
Now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam, and all that he did, and his might, and how he dealt with war, and with Damascus and Hamath, who were of Judah, and brought them again into Israel, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
He lies in wait for sin on his bed. He sets his heart to do evil. He doesn't abhor evil.
In that day, says Yahweh, I will again raise up David's tent, which is fallen; and I will also heal his wounds, and will build up those who fell on him, as at the first.
Therefore you shall see no more falsehood, nor discern. I will deliver my people out of your hand. You shall know that I am Yahweh.
Absalom stood on a pillar in the king's valley, while he was yet alive; for he said, I have no son to keep my name. He called the pillar Absalom's memorial to this day in his own name.
The speech of a sluggard is like a good meal, A deep entry into the belly of a man.
The people made Jehoahaz the son of Josiah king; and they took his father in Jerusalem.
Then will I take their roots from the land which I gave them, and the house which I have sanctified for my name, and will forsake it from before me, and will make it a desolation and a reproach among the nations.
For we speak to you concerning the power and the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, not through falsehood, but through the greatness of his power, which our eyes have seen.
His father said to him, My son, you are always with me, and all my goods are yours.
But he has made the world foolish, and shamed the wise; he has made the world cruel, and shamed the mighty.
But he who conceived from a handmaid conceived after his own will, and he who conceived from a free woman conceived after God's word.
The crown of Ephraim's pride will be sunk in his feet.
It happened on one day, that Jonathan the son of Saul said to the young men who were in his army, Come, and let us go to the other side to the camp of the Philistines. But he didn't tell their father.
From the beginning, when God made heaven and earth,
He said to him, Thus says Hezekiah: This day is a day of rebuke and of reproach, a day when a child is born, and there is no strength to bring forth.
In that day Moses wrote this song, and taught it to the children of Israel.
He went on his way, and saw his brothers, James the son of Zebedee, and John, his brother. They sat on the ark with Zebedee, his father, and Jesus followed them.
Why are the mighty fallen on their faces? Jonathan was slain on your high places.
The falsehood was found at the door of the tent of meeting, and he shaved off the head of his savior, and he shaved off the head of his savior, and he sewed it on the fire that was under the sacrifice of peace offerings.
In the evening you shall go out in front of their eyes at midnight; and you shall cover your face, and shall cover your face until you see it: for I will make you head of the house of Israel.
I love Yahweh, Because he hears my words. He hears my petitions.
For Saul and Jonathan his son, and for the house of Yahweh, and for the house of Israel, they mourned, wept, and fasted until the evening; for they fell by the sword.
He delivers them into the hand of the Gentiles, And those who hate them rule over them.
Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and all that he did, and his iniquity, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Abaddon bore Jabal, and became the father of those who lived in tents, who took the livestock.
The chambers that were round about the house were twenty cubits long.
Then Jesus said to them, Have you come out to me with the sword and with the rod, as to a snare? I sit daily in the temple teaching, and you haven't come to me.
Hiram said, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of heaven, the God of Israel, who made king David a wise son, that he might have understanding and discernment, to build a house for Yahweh, and a house for his kingdom.
Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Then the word of Yahweh came to Samuel, saying,
You shall do all things according to these ordinances, and shall keep them in order.
Then the princes of the Philistines came near to the woman, and said to her, Call Samson, and see where his strength is, and how we will encamp with him, that he may lay hold on him, and afflict him; and we will give you every man a thousand and a hundred pieces of silver.
Immediately after him he went as a ox to the slaughter, as a fool to the punishment of his land.
My soul shall rejoice in Yahweh. The humble shall hear, and rejoice.
The Philistines said, What shall we do to restore him for a trespass offering? They said to him, Five talents of gold, and five measures of gold, according to the number of the princes of the Philistines; for you have seen evil with your princes.
In that day the king set apart the holy place which was before the house of Yahweh, and offered there burnt offerings, and meal offerings, and oil for peace offerings; for the first burnt offering of Yahweh's altar didn't allow the burnt offering, nor the meal offering, nor the oil for peace offerings.
A fool speaks in vain, But a liar speaks falsely, and isn't liar.
He built cities in the hill country of Judah, and built forts in the forest, and left the ephod in its place.
Though he has a great harvest among his brothers, there will be a east wind, the wind of Yahweh coming down out of the wilderness, and his springs shall dry up, and his springs shall be broken, and he shall take away all the precious treasure that he has gathered.
There is no righteous man, neither is there a sword, as it is written.
Though he covers his wrath with deceit, Yet his wickedness is revealed before the congregation.
They went and looked at the land, from the wilderness of Zin, even to Rehob, even to the entrance of Hamath.
Then shall you see our faces, and the faces of the young men who eat king's good things; and you shall do to your servants as you see fit.
I have appointed Aholiab the son of Ahisatbuat, of the tribe of Dan, to be with him: and to every wise heart I have given wisdom in their heart, that they may do all that I command you.
Yahweh said to Joshua, I have taken away this day the reproach of Egypt from you. So the name of that place was Gilgal to this day.
You have multiplied the land which I tread. My feet haven't trodden.
The man said to my father, You have borne a son. It makes him glad. Let him be cursed.
Herod was exceedingly angry with Tyre and Sidon. Therefore they gathered themselves together to Herod, and bowed themselves down to the river by Barassitoth the king's servant, who was over the king's house; for they were exceedingly puffed up from the king's dominion.
You shall take a rod, and you shall gather the congregation together with Aaron your brother; and before their eyes you shall command the rock to give water; and you shall cause the water to come out of the rock for the people, that the congregation may drink of it, and their livestock.
They arose out of Midian, and came to Balaam; and they brought some men with them out of Balaam to Egypt, to Pharaoh king of Egypt: and Pharaoh gave them a house to dwell in, and gave them food to eat, and gave them land.
A foolish son is sorrow to his father, And there is no joy in the father of fools.
They talked about the things which they had done.
For you did not do so; for Yahweh our God has rebuked us, because we didn't seek him according to our appointed way.
He made two pillars of brass before the house: their height was thirty-five cubits, and the height of all the pillars was five cubits.
Samuel said to the potter, Take the pot which I have given you, and bring it out.
Then the prophet said to him, I am also a prophet, and I am with you: and the angel has said to me in the word of Yahweh, Bring him with you to your house, that he may eat bread and drink water.' The prophet has deceived him.
But I rebuke you for a thing, that you have forsaken my love.
My fellow workers, Micah, and Aristarchus, and Tema and Reka, greet you.
On every side of the throne were twenty-six lords, and on every side twenty-six elders, clothed in white, with crowns of gold around their heads.
Yahweh builds the earth with wisdom, And the heavens with understanding.
Then they called to the gatekeepers of the city, and said to them, We have come to the camp of the Syrians, and behold, there is not a man there, neither is there any prophet; but there is a horse, and a donkey, and the tent is as it is written.
The Kingdom of Heaven is like a vineyard, where a master goes out to work early in the morning.
They prayed, and said, Lord, you know everyone's heart, show us which of these two is yours.
When I scatter them among the nations, And scatter them among the nations, They shall know that I am Yahweh.
Whatever you do, do it with your whole heart, as you serve the Lord, and not men.
Remember the old things. For I am God, and there is no other. I am God, and there is no other who is worthy of me.
They baked the Passover in the order of their appointment with fire. When they had made their sacrifices with pots, and with kneading troughs, and with plowshares, they hurried, and brought them to the people.
When Asa heard these words, and the prophecy of Ogdiat the prophet, he arose, and took away all the abominations from all the land of Benjamin in Judah, and from all the cities of the hill country of Ephraim, and built the altar of Yahweh before the door of Yahweh.
Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and the priests of his brothers, and Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and his brothers, rose up, and went up to the altar of the God of Israel, to offer burnt offerings thereon, as Moses the servant of Yahweh had written in the book of the law.
Is Abraham righteous in the moment? Is he circumcised, or is he? Is he circumcised, or is he?
The people mourned for Benjamin; for Yahweh raised up a horn for the tribes of Israel.
The feast of unleavened bread, also called The Passover, is at hand.
It happened, when Jerusalem was in trouble, that the Edomites said, Break it down! Break it down to the foundations! Remember that day, Yahweh.
But this seed has no depth, neither does it live; but when it is afflicted and perishes, immediately it is forsaken.
God said, Gather the waters of the heavens together to a place, and they shall appear on the dry land. He did so.
You shall be blessed above all peoples: there shall not be a male among you, neither shall there be a female among you, neither shall there be a male among you.
It happened, when David came to Ziklag, that he took the rod out of the midst of the spoil, and sent it to the elders of Judah his friend, saying, Behold, these have been taken from the enemies of Yahweh, and given you for a present.
The Philistines gathered themselves together, and encamped in Shunammite; and Saul gathered all Israel, and encamped in Gilboa.
There were four brass hooks in each one, and four brass sockets in each one; and the four corners of the basin had snuffers, and they were snuffers under the basin, and on every socket was a lintel.
After you shall raise up another kingdom, and it shall be your kingdom; and after you shall have three kingdoms, brass and brass, to rule over the earth.
In the twenty-ninth year that I lived with you, I didn't eat of your sheep nor of your goats, neither did I eat of the rams of your flock.
He killed the bull, and Moses took the blood, and poured it on the horns that were on the altar round about, and cleansed it; and he poured out the blood on the altar, and sanctified it, and made atonement for it.
Hannah prayed, and said, My heart rejoices in Yahweh, and my knees are lifted up in Yahweh. I speak a great word to my enemies, because I rejoice in your salvation.
(The land was called the land of the Rephaim; and the children of Rephaim lived therein; and the children of Ammon called them the Holy One).
Be careful therefore, and consider what you shall hear: for everyone who has, he will make more; and whoever who doesn't have, he will take away who has.
When the house is shut, he who enters in shall be unclean until the evening.
The word of Yahweh that came to Izekel the son of Buz, the priest, in the land of the Chaldeans by the river Chebar; and there the hand of Yahweh was on him.
It happened in the evening, that many of those who had a demon came to him, and he spoke a word to them, and healed all the sick.
They answered him, The Lord is busy.
The firstborn is angry, and goes in. His father comes out, and afflicts him.
He set the posts round about, and put in the bars of the gate of the court.
Then he said, Thus says Yahweh, Open to you all this valley,
The man went, and proclaimed what great things Jesus had done to him in Tecumseh. The multitudes were amazed.
Then Jeroboam came out of Jerusalem, and Ahijah the prophet of Shiloh met him on the way; and he was clothed with a new garment. They were both in the field, and there was none else.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Because Moab and Seir have said, Behold, there is nothing contrary between the house of Judah and all the kingdoms of the earth;
Nadab and Abihu served other burnt offerings in the wilderness of Sinai before Yahweh; and they had no children: and Eleazar and Ithamar did the priest's office in the presence of Aaron their father.
Blessed is he who believes in Yahweh, Who doesn't turn to the proud and deceitful.
It happened after a few days, when about one hundred twenty brothers were gathered together, that Peter stood up, and said,
He departed there, and went into his own country. His disciples followed him.
Now I know what to do, and when the time comes that they will accept me into their house.'
What shall I do then? I will pray in my heart, and in my soul. I will sing in my heart, and I will sing in my soul.
It happened after twelve years, that I went up with Barnabas to Jerusalem, and took Titus with me.
You shall write it on the door posts of your house, and on your posts.
He who strikes him with his fists strikes him with his fists, and he kills him with his fists.
Yahweh is gracious and merciful. He is gracious without wrath.
Joseph arose and took Mary, as the angel of the Lord commanded him.
It shall not be eaten from the vine to the skin in any day that it is sanctified for itself.
He made two rings of gold for it, and put them under the baskets, and set them on the two ends of the altar on the two sides of it, on the two sides of it; and the rings were for the poles of the altar, to hang it.
Praise him, all you angels! Praise him, all you harpists!
Didn't anyone tell my lord what I had done in the day that Jezebel killed all the prophets of Yahweh? I put one hundred prophets of Yahweh on the earth, fifty, and fed them with bread and water.
Then Jesus filled the Spirit with joy, and said, Father, Lord of heavens, I praise you, for you have sealed up these things from the wisdom and understanding, and have revealed them to the little ones. Father, you are righteous, for you have seen them.
He gave to him all the swarms of the Spirit, the swarms of the inner court of the house of Yahweh, and the chambers that were round about it; and the golden vessels of the house of Yahweh, and the vessels of the holy things,
You shall bake and eat in the place which Yahweh your God shall choose: and when it is morning, turn you to your tent.
They have seen lies and lies. They have said that it is the word of Yahweh, but Yahweh has not sent them as prophets, yet they hope that the word will be fulfilled.
But I have known you, that you are the most excellent vine, and that you are a great plant. Why have you become a wicked tree to me, because you are of me?
Therefore before the end of the days, don't judge. When the Lord comes, he will reveal with light the secret of darkness, and will bring forth the counsel of the demons of the heart. Everyone will receive his praise.
They shall bring with the fat of the burnt offering, and they shall wave it for a wave offering before Yahweh: it shall be a portion forever to you and to your sons, according to the commandment of Yahweh.
They said, Because of the famine, we have given to men our fields, and our vineyards, and our houses, for grain.
All things holy which are set apart shall be given to the priest; and to the priest shall be given whatever is given to him.
this also is a sin of judgment, a sin of judgment; for I am a God who rebels against the earth.
In the seventh month, on the tenth day of the month, you shall have a holy convocation: you shall afflict your own soul, and shall not work.
A certain man named Lazarus laid down at the door of the rich man, both in his body and in his whole body,
Jesus answered them, My mother, what have I to do with you? My time has not yet come.
For Israel shall dwell alone all day long: there shall be no king, nor prince, nor priest, nor pillar, nor ephod, nor priest; neither shall the house be decorated.
The doors of the chambers of the inner court were on the right side of the house from the uttermost part of the house, and from the uttermost part of the house to the third part of the house.
The chief priests and the Pharisees shall send out commandments, that whoever knows where Jesus is, come and tell it, that they may take him.
I cried with tears, And afflicted my soul with fasting. This has made me a reproach to all my people.
He said to them, Don't let the captivity come in here; for you intend to make us sin against Yahweh, and to add to our iniquities, and to our transgressions; for the wrath of God has come on Israel.
If you say in your heart, These nations are greater than I, why should I rule over them?
When they heard the words of Herod, they went out. When they saw the star in the east wind, they brought it to them, and when they came to the child's place, they stayed there.
Praise Yah! Sing new songs to Yahweh! Praise him in the assembly of the saints!
He said, If the Syrians are stronger than I, help me. If the children of Ammon are stronger than you, help me.
Though men will come up and pursue you, and seek your life, yet the life of my lord will be in Yahweh your God in the midst of the living; and the life of your enemies will Yahweh bring forth, as he brought forth out of the midst of the nettles.
But if I boast, it shall not be a stumbling block; for I will speak truth; but I will make myself free, that no one may be judged by me, more than he who has seen or heard.
But if it is so, how much less those who tread on the blood of the covenant of God, and who profane the Holy Spirit, and who profane it?
twelve bulls, twelve rams, twelve male lambs a year old, and twelve male goats for a sin offering;
I know your doings. Behold, I have opened to you a door of faith, which no one can shut; and I know that you have strength, and have kept my word, and have not profaned my name.
Moses did so, as Yahweh commanded him.
They brought seven bulls, seven rams, seven rams, and seven male goats, to sacrifice for the kingdom, for the sanctuary, and for Judah. The king commanded the priests of the sons of Aaron, that they should sacrifice them on the altar of Yahweh.
It shall be for him, and he shall read it, and be able to learn the fear of Yahweh his God, and to keep all the words of this law, and the statutes, and to do them.
Jesus said to him, Go out and bury the saints who are in the body, but preach the Good News of the Kingdom of God.
Then he sent to his father the scarlet garment, and said, We found it: why do you think that it isn't your son's scarlet garment?
They despise men, And speak oppression according to the word of evil. They speak great things.
Let those who seek my life be shamed and confounded. Let those who devise evil against me turn back and be disappointed.
Now, behold, my testimony is in heaven, And my supplication is on the earth.
I think that I ought to be a snare to you while I am yet alive.
As a body without soul, so is the body without faith. If faith is lacking, so is the body without faith.
Saul arose, and took three thousand chosen men out of all Israel, and went down into the wilderness of Jihu, to seek David in the wilderness of Jihu.
When his family saw that he sought to go with him, they didn't speak to him any more.
This sweet savor doesn't cost a fortune to the poor.
Now therefore, my God, open your eyes, and hear, and pray in this place.
Zedekiah was twenty-one years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Hamutal the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.
For your faithfulness shines forth. The light of your spear is still. The sun and the moon remain in its place.
You shall break apart those who are put to death, and you shall be taken away from your inheritance; for you know that you have a better and better inheritance than you.
Moses the servant of Yahweh sent me from Kadesh Barnea to see the land; and I lived therein forty years, and my heart blessed him.
Our sons were like thorns when they were young; Our daughters like pillars of a house: They were crowned according to the appearance of the king's house.
Samson said to him, If anyone binds me with cords that have not been tied, I will become like another man.
He touched their eyes, and said, Your faith has confirmed you.
and he divided his men into three companies, and hid them in the field: and when he saw the men of Shechem coming out of the city, he arose, and struck them, and killed them.
So they went, and took up the stone with a sledgehammer, and kept it for the guard.
It happened afterward, that it was seen in Assos, that Philip was preaching the Good News in every city, even to Caesarea.
You shall make six boards for the side of the tent, even for the side of the tent.
For God didn't give you a grace to believe in Christ, but to suffer for Christ,
When we live according to the flesh, the law renews our iniquity, and works the fruit of death on our bodies.
This is the portion of the wicked from Yahweh, and the portion of the violent from the Almighty.
Speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, When you come into the land which I give to you, it shall be for a rest to Yahweh.
I came near to him, and killed him; for I knew that he would die, and not live: and I brought to my lord the crown on his head, and the armband on his hand.
Remember the greatness of his works, To whom they sing praises.
Immediately he declared in the synagogues that he was the Son of God.
For as the rain that comes down from the sky, it doesn't return any more: they have sown the ground, they have made the earth dry, they have sown it, they have sown it, they have sown it, they have sown it; they have sown it, they have sown it; they have sown it, they have sown it.
I tell you, as it is in heaven, there is more joy in the midst of sinners who repent than in the midst of the righteous who repent, who repents than in the midst of ten thousand repentances.
Your new wine is like a sycamore tree. Your milk is like a ripe fig.
Behold, brother, it is good to dwell together. It is good, it is good to dwell with one another.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.
You have covered me with skin and flesh, And strengthened me with bones and roots.
and they didn't build houses for themselves, neither planted vineyards, nor planted fields, nor planted seed.
I am the God of Bethel, where you have anointed the pillars to me. Arise therefore, depart from this place, and return to your own land.'
The king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, Didn't I tell you? Neither did this man prophesy good concerning me, but evil followed him.
But the land of the children of Ammon, and the land by the river Jabbok, and the cities of the hill country, and the land which Yahweh our God commanded us to go, you didn't come near to it.
Are you the first born? Or are you the first to be slain on these mountains?
They commanded, saying, Prepare the battle against the city. Arise, and let's go up in the midst of the midst of the city. Then they said, Woe to the lion! The sun is set, and the horn of the darkness is broken.
When he had lived in his own house for two full years, he received them all.
But you shall go down to Sheol to the end of the deep.
He said, I will give you the land of Canaan, for a portion of your inheritance.
I will leave the poor and needy among you, And they shall trust in the name of Yahweh.
He saw that there were men in the temple feeding the oxen, and the sheep, and the donkeys; and there were men sitting and making money.
When he came to Jerusalem, the chief priests and the scribes and the elders came to him, while he was walking in the temple,
When Jehu had made an end of offering the burnt offering, he said to the guard and to the captains of the army, Go in, and kill them; don't let one of them come out. They killed them with the edge of the sword, and the guard and the captains of the army cast out dead bodies, and went into the city of Baal.
They shall know that I am Yahweh their God, who brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, that I might dwell among them: I am Yahweh their God.
The number of the families of the sons of Merari according to their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
If the fire burns a tree, or a branch that has not yet been cut down, or a field, then he who burns it shall surely be burned.
The oxen were six hundred, and the rams three thousand.
He has not executed the rest of the counsels of wisdom and of justice: he is the city of the Jews, built by the children of Arimathaea, who waits for the Kingdom of God.
The child grew, and wrung. Isaac wrung again in the day that Abraham was wrung up with a great feast.
It shall happen, when the camp is about to go out, that Aaron and his sons shall cover the sanctuary and all the vessels of the sanctuary, and the sons of Kohath shall come and shine; but they shall not touch the holy things, that they not die; but the children of Kohath shall shine in the tent of meeting.
Elijah answered the captain of the army, If I am a man of God, let fire come down from heaven, and devour you and the fifty men; and let fire come down from heaven, and devour him and the fifty men.
In the days in which he shall sanctify himself, he shall not put the sword on his head; until the days in which he shall sanctify himself to Yahweh are fulfilled, he shall be holy, and shall extend forth his hair from off his head.
The Spirit is still, but I don't perceive its function. A vision is in my eyes, and I hear a voice, saying,
The Danites walked with them, but when Micah saw that they were stronger than he, he turned himself to his house.
Our elders and the inhabitants of our land said to us, Take with you food in your hand, and go to meet them in the way, and tell them, We are your servants: make now a covenant with us.
When he was with them, he commanded them, saying, Don't depart from Jerusalem, as I told you, but wait for the promise of the Father.
His servants will serve him, And will see his face. His name will be written on their foreheads.
The salt is profitable. If the salt is cut off, how shall it be redeemed for its salt?
Moses spoke thus to the children of Israel; but they refused to listen to Moses because of their sorrow, and because they worked in the affliction of their hearts.
Then he went and told the man of God, and said, Elisha, Go, anoint yourself, and sacrifice; and you and your sons shall live, you and your sons with you.
We have stretched out our hands in the daytime. We have afflicted them, but have blessed them. We have persevered against those who persecuted us.
I saw the sand of the sea, the sand of the fire, and the mighty men, the men who escaped from the beast, and from his lords, and from their names four times: and they stood on the sand of the sea, and every man had in his hand a harp of God for his psaltery.
I am angry with the wicked who forsake your law, As a fire devours.
Jehoiada made a covenant between himself and the people, and with the king, to be Yahweh's people.
Therefore we rejoice with you in the assembly of God; for in the time of your affliction, in the time of your wrath, there is patience and faith.
Remember his marvelous works, His signs, and the judgments of his mouth.
He brought all that he took, and all that he took, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had,
I said to the king, If the king is pleased, let him send me by decree to the governors beyond the River, that I may pass over to Judah;
Jonathan the son of Saul, and Mephibosheth his son, were kept by the king; for David and Jonathan the son of Saul had sworn by the name of Yahweh before them.
Then the king sent a horseman to them, and said, Is it peace, that the king says? Jehu said, Isn't peace with you? turn you after me.
In that day, the people secretly entered into the city, as the people who fled in the wilderness.
He went forth from the one end of the sky, and sailed to the other end of the sky; and his wrath was on all things.
Now when they saw that you didn't live as you had, they marveled, and blasphemed you.
Peter turned and saw his disciples, whom he loved, following them. When he had finished eating, he said to him, Lord, who will betray you? the disciples.
When he had finished speaking these words, he departed from Galilee, and went into the land of Judea, which is beyond the Jordan.
The length of the gate was ten cubits; and the breadth of the gate was five cubits on this side, and five cubits on that side: and he measured its length forty cubits, and its breadth twenty cubits.
I was like a Jew from the work of the Jews, that I might receive the Jews to believe in the Lord. Though I am not a man of the law, but of the Lord, that I might make him more righteous, I am like a man of the law.
He said, I will return to him who sent me, knowing that I didn't return with you.
that I may rebuke myself in the heart of the house of Israel, because they have remained with me for their idols.
It happened, when the demon had driven him out, and the mute was speaking, that all the people were afraid, saying, We have not seen such things in Israel.
He who rejects me and receives my words shall be judged by a judge; and the word which I have spoken shall judge him at the end of the day.
Then will I cleanse the speech of all peoples, that they may call on the name of Yahweh with all their heart, and serve him.
But none of those who are forever offered, to Yahweh from all his offerings, whether man, or animal, or land of his possession, shall be sold nor redeemed: he who is forever offered is most holy to Yahweh.
Therefore speak to the house of Israel, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: I have not done this, house of Israel, for your sake, but for my holy name, which you have profaned among the nations where you have gone.
When the rain came, and the floods came, and the wind blew, and struck the house, the house didn't fall; for a strong foundation was on the rock.
He put the basket of unleavened bread out of the way before Yahweh; and he took a loaf of bread, and a loaf of bread full of oil, and a loaf of bread mixed with oil,
Moses did so, and Eleazar the priest, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Therefore will I save my flock, and not make them a prey; and I will make judgment between sheep and sheep.
You shall kill the lamb in the holy place, in the place of the sin offering and of the burnt offering; and the trespass offering shall be to the priest, as the sin offering is to be sacrificed, which is most holy.
Before the lamp of Yahweh arose, and Samuel was sleeping in the house of Yahweh, by the ark of the covenant of Yahweh.
The world doesn't hate you, neither do they hate me, because I have worked their wickedness on them.
Abram took his tent, and came to Hebron, and lived by the oaks of Mamre; and there he built an altar to Yahweh.
Joshua took Maketah that day, and struck them with the edge of the sword, and the king of them: and all the people of the land were destroyed, and there was none remaining: as he had done to the king of Jericho, so he did to the king of Maketah.
Elkanah his husband said to him, Hannah, why do you weep? Why do you also eat bread? Why do you mourn? Isn't it better for me to be with you than with ten sons?
But if you will go, be strong, and fight; and Yahweh will set you against your enemies; for Yahweh has power to help and to defy.
Let my lips sing praises, For you have taught me your statutes.
Their horses are narrower than a lame chariot, And they are taller than a rooster in the evening: The horsemen are spread out, And the horsemen come from afar; They run like an eagle to eat.
Therefore Yahweh was angry in the land, and brought down on him all the curses that were written in this book.
and said to them, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Behold, I will call Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon my servant; and I will set his throne on the stone which I have found; and he shall set his tent on the stone that is found.
All the peoples are as nothing before him. They are nothing to him, but vanity.
Moses and Aaron, and the princes of the congregation, took the children of Kohath according to their families, and according to their families;
It happened on a Sabbath day, that he was teaching in a synagogue.
Yahweh has given a great salvation to the king whom he has made; and loving kindness to those who are anointed with him, to David and to his seed forever.
They sought counsel, and appointed counsel for the righteous, that they might put him on the throne, and deliver him up for a judgment.
The bones of Joseph, which the children of Israel had brought up out of Egypt, they buried in Shechem, which Jacob had bought with one hundred pieces of silver out of the land of Hamor the father of Shechem, for a possession of the children of Joseph.
For you are a holy people to Yahweh your God. Yahweh your God has chosen you out of all the peoples of the earth, to be his own people.
But God is able to do it. He causes it to fall, And raises it up.
Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave that was in the field of Makperah, which is in the land of Canaan, before Mamre. Mamre is Hebron.
Don't be angry with you, that you may be disappointed. Don't turn away from you because of the price of your recompense.
All the people ate, and were satisfied. They took up seven baskets full of the bread that was left over.
Therefore all your precepts are upright. I hate all the proverbs.
You shall gird up your waist like a husband: I ask you, and you answer me.
My soul doesn't desire to live. I will speak from the mouth of my mouth. I will speak of the affliction of my heart.
If the day comes, please pray in my name. I will not tell you, but I will pray to the Father for you.
then the congregation shall judge between the slain and the avenger of blood, according to the ordinances.
If you have a strong faith in the Lord, we will surely live.
The ring shall be of a length of one cubit, and of a breadth of a cubit, and of a cubit and a half.
But where is wisdom found? Where is the place of understanding?
For the Chaldeans were afraid, because Ishmael the son of Nethaniah had killed Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, whom the king of Babylon had set over the land.
Though I am righteous, my own mouth will make my iniquity known. Though I am upright, he will show my iniquity.
For everyone of you is a devourer of his own things, a hungry man, and a drinker of water.
He brought me again to the gate of the sanctuary toward the east; and the gate was shut.
You Philistines, don't rejoice, because your rod is broken; for out of the two serpents comes forth a serpent, and the serpent which he brings forth is a potter's serpent.
Elisha looked at him, so that he was disappointed. The man of God opened his eyes.
Their eyes opened, and he commanded them with a loud voice, saying, Don't let anyone know this thing.
But I beg you, brothers, in the love of our Lord Jesus Christ, and in the love of the Holy Spirit, that you would be willing to be with me in prayer to God,
Don't be afraid of them; for Yahweh your God is among you, a God of great fear.
He is Yahweh our God. His judgments are in all the earth.
They found his nakedness, and struck him with the edge of the sword, and took his sons and his daughters, and left him a cloak in the midst of the women; for they had done judgments against him.
How long shall my sorrow and my affliction be on me? How long shall my adversary go above me?
The priest shall burn them on the altar of burnt offering.
Yahweh spoke to Jeremiah, to go down into the house of the king of Judah,
You shall make a basin of brass, and its snuffers brass, that it may be snuffled with. You shall put it between the tent of meeting and the altar, and there shall be water therein.
I went forward again to the spring of the spring, and to the king's pool; but there was not a way to let the animals that I rode on pass by.
David said, As Yahweh lives, he will strike him, unless the day comes, or if he falls on his face, and dies.
Now the rest of the acts of Rehoboam, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
For I will afflict the seed of David; but it shall not be forever.
Don't speak of shame, or of sexual immorality, or of jealousy, but of thanksgiving to God.
Before he heard it, he answered, His foolishness and his disobedience.
When a garment or a skin is wet with water, it shall be washed with water, and be unclean until the evening.
He who walks in the inner court will not be forgotten, But he who keeps the covenant will be wise.
Then the lord said to them, This is what the enemy has done.' He said, Why do you want us to come and take away the pomegranates?'
The number of the cities which Aaron's sons had for the priesthood was thirteen cities, and the suburbs of it.
Yahweh has made the earth with great power. He has established the world with wisdom. He has opened the heavens with understanding.
Don't be afraid of the king of Babylon, whom you fear.' He said, Don't be afraid of him; for I am with you, says Yahweh, and I will deliver you out of his hand.
I will walk in the land of the living before Yahweh.
These are the portions which the priest shall give to the people: every man who sacrifices an ox or a sheep shall give the first and the second tongue to the priest.
I will come near to the city, I and all the people with whom I am with you; and they shall come forth against us as at the first, and we will flee before them.
They cried with a loud voice, and swore by Yahweh with trumpets and with cymbals.
You shall not take vengeance, neither shall you bury the inhabitants of your land; but you shall love your neighbor as yourself: I am Yahweh.
Let us therefore be diligent to come near to the throne of the grace of God, that we may have mercy and grace, and that we may be of help at all times.
They cried out, He died! He died! Pilate said to them, Do you want me to crucify your king? The chief priests answered, We are no king, other than Caesar. Pilate delivered Jesus to them to crucify.
Is there a fountain without dust? Or a reed without water?
Yahweh your God has multiplied you; and behold, you are this day as the stars of the sky.
When the battle grew worse and worse, the commanding officer was afraid that Paul would go and break them in pieces, and commanded the soldiers to go down, and took Paul out of the midst of them, and brought him into the camp.
On the six days you may borrow, but on the seventh day it is a Sabbath, and you shall not borrow it that day.
But that the world may know that I have loved the Father, and have done according to the commandment of the Father. Arise, let us go.
He put the law in the ark, and put the mercy seat on the ark, and the mercy seat on the ark.
If you will not listen to our voice, and be circumcised, then we will take our sister.
I will listen to parables with my ear. I will interpret with the harp my interpretation.
Babylon in those days was the cup of gold that was in the hand of Yahweh, which was poured out on all the earth; and all the peoples drank of it, and all the peoples were astonished.
For his iniquity is redeemed to the heavens, And God remembers his wrath.
Righteousness shall be his belt, And truth his body's belt.
Your two breasts are like a locust in the midst of the lilies, which feed on the locusts.
Yahweh said to me, Take a tablet, and write it with a word of wisdom, and go to Mehelshaal Hash Baz.
Joseph commanded his father before his ephah, that he should give a sweet savor to his father; and he gave a sweet savor to Israel.
Yahweh said to Moses, Stretch out your hand over the land of Egypt, and raise up the locusts over the land of Egypt, and eat all the figs that are on the ground, which are not beaten.
As for all the wickedness of this people, they have departed from me, and burnt incense to other gods; and I will declare my judgment against them, and will worship the work of their hands.
It happened, when I cried for help, that my prayer was not heard.
When he found him, he said to him, All the people seek you.
Even though I am not with you, I am with you in spirit, having sinned in the name of the Lord Jesus,
They said to Aaron, Bring us to you gods, and bring us first; for he who brought us up out of Egypt didn't know anything.'
Your way is holy, God. What god is like you?
God said to Noah, This is the covenant which I made with all flesh on the earth.
Don't let loving kindness and truth depart from you. Wrap yourself in your neck, and write in your heart.
that all the people may come to you; and he whom you bring is like a multitude; so that all the people are in peace.
The captive women of the city, young and old, who didn't die, nor all who were slain, carried them captive.
You shall not be a refuge to the Jews, nor to the Greeks, nor to the assembly of God.
Listen to the prayer of your servant, and of your people Israel, when they pray toward this place: from heaven, and from your dwelling place, hear their prayer; and when you hear it, forgive them.
They didn't go up to Jerusalem to those who were before me, but went immediately to Arabia, and afterward to Damascus.
Jonathan said to David, I will do what your soul desires.
God has made himself a mighty man in his palace.
He made the two porches of acacia, and overlaid them with gold, the cherubim, and the palm trees, and the flowers: and he overlaid them with gold, and overlaid them with the cherubim, and overlaid them with the palm trees.
He will judge among the nations. He will fill every place with dead bodies. He will break the head of his enemies in many nations.
You shall bring Aaron, and his sons, and their garments, and their fat, and the one bull, and the two rams, and a loaf of unleavened bread.
But if a woman, when she prays or preaches the Good News, doesn't clothe her head, and profane her own head, even her husband, so does a woman clothed with hair.
But we will praise Yahweh from this time forth and forevermore. Praise Yah!
You shall offer these with its drink offerings, besides the continual burnt offering, and the meal offering of it; they shall be without blemish.
He sings before men, saying, I have sinned, but I have not profited.
Remember this, you who don't remember God's servant, that there is no one who can save you until I have broken you in pieces.
If a man commits a sin that causes him to die, and is condemned to death, and you hang him on a tree,
Thus says he, The animals shall be a nation on the surface of the earth, and they shall not prosper, neither shall they devour the whole earth, nor tread down, nor torment it.
If your father sees that I am not there, then you shall say, David pleaded with me, that I should let him go to Bethlehem his own city; for there he shall offer an offering of years.
How long, Lord, will you watch? Deliver my soul from their abominations! Deliver my life from the swarms of demons!
But, behold, I wrote a new commandment to you, which is truth to you, both to Christ, and to you; for the darkness is passed away, and the light is gone.
The Nineveh will rise up in the day of judgment with this generation, and will condemn it; for they have heard the words of Jonah, and have repented; and it will be better than Jonah.
It happened on the next day, that they rose up early in the morning, and worshiped before Yahweh; and they returned to Ramah to his house: and Elkanah and Hannah his wife were in the chamber; and Yahweh remembered Hannah.
You heavens, you shall sing with joy. You earth, you shall rejoice. The mountains, you shall sing with song. For Yahweh will comfort his people, And will be merciful to his afflicted.
Yahweh said to him, Go, go down, and rise up with Aaron; but the priests and the people shall not pass over to Yahweh, lest he come out and strike them.
There were also at that time two robbers with Jesus, one on the right hand, and another on the left.
It happened after two days, that he departed from there, and went into Galilee.
Why does he take this sweet ointment, and give it to the poor for a three hundred shekels of silver?
Will you yet exalt your pride toward my people, And refuse to let them go?
Then I came to Terabus, to the man of the captivity by the river Chebar, to the place where they lived: and I sat between them seven days, and there I was amazed.
For Jesus knew who would betray him, and he said, You aren't every man clean.
Moses went down into Mount Sinai, and his hand took two arks of covenants: and when he went down into the mountain, his face was set on fire because of the words of Yahweh, which he spoke with him; and Moses didn't know it.
But that man didn't know that there was a cloud in him; and his companions were in the depths of Sheol.
So it will happen, that not only our inheritance will be broken, but also our deceit will be magnified, and the house of Edom will be magnified, even the house of Edom, the servant of Edom. The whole Assyrian, and the servant of Edom, who worships in the hearing, will lose their honor.
When the Pharisees heard that Jesus was crucified more than John, they also baptized more.
If the Lord Yahweh doesn't show his servants the prophets who are hidden by his secret, they shall not do them.
You shall do no other work; it shall be a statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings.
The false prophets speak of the world. Therefore the world listened to them.
He will cut off all the horns of the wicked. The horns of the righteous will be lifted up.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: For Zion I have great wrath; For her wrath I have wrath.
I will give you the treasures of the throne, and the treasures of the secret, that you may know that I, Yahweh, the God of Israel, call your name.
This testimony is that God has given us an everlasting life, which is from his Son.
This was done in Israel by evil, and he wasn't God. The bull of Samaria was greatly struck.
For many things have multiplied vanity. What profit is there to a man?
Blessed be Yahweh your God, who delights in you, that you may be his word, that you may reign over Yahweh your God; for your God loves Israel, and desires to establish it forever: therefore make you king over them, that you may do righteously.
Why do you cry out for your wounds? Your affliction is in vain. Because your iniquities are great, and your sins are many, therefore have I dealt with you with these things.
They were dancing and singing, saying, Saul has slain thousands of them, and David has slain thousands of them.' Isn't this David who spoke?
He sees the earth, and the earth trembles. He touches the mountain, and the mountain roars.
It happened in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah the son of Elisha, the son of a king's brother, and a king's servant, brought ten men to Mizpah, to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam: and they ate together in Mizpah.
Lift up your eyes, and see the multitude. They are gathered together to you. Your sons will come far off, and your daughters will be snared.
The plague of leprosy shall be in his garments, and his hair shall be torn, and his ears shall be broken; and he shall call out with a loud voice, saying, It is unclean, it is unclean.'
Moses and Aaron did so to the Levites, and to all the congregation of Israel: and to all that Yahweh commanded Moses to go to the Levites, so did the children of Israel to them.
He who rests shall be cut off. He who trusts shall be a snare.
God destroyed the seven peoples who were in the land of Canaan, and gave them the land for an inheritance, about four hundred fifty years.
Today your eyes have seen, and this day you are in the midst of the earth, and Yahweh has delivered you into my hand: and they have called for me to kill you; but I love you, and I say, I will not stretch out my hand against my lord, because he is Yahweh's anointed.
He gave them authority over certain rulers.
We set a statute for ourselves, that every man in the year he shall take the three shekels of a shekel, for the service of the house of our God;
Paul fell down on his face, and fell on him, and lay on him, and said to him, Don't fret, for he is alive.
I said to him, What do the two branches of the olive tree, which speak to the two branches of gold, do with the oil of gold?
He fills the cloud with water, And sends lightning out of the cloud.
Then the Gentiles and the Jews conspired with their rulers to stone them with stones.
But if they also carry weapons with you, then they shall possess the land of Canaan from among you.
Therefore thus says Yahweh: As for the prophets whom I have spoken in my name, I have not sent them; yet they say, This land shall not be struck by the sword and by the famine; but the prophets shall perish by the sword and by the famine.
The king shall be his friend, Whom the pure in heart speaks graciously.
He shall enter into a land of glory, and many nations shall throw him down; but the honorable men of Edom, Moab, and the children of Ammon shall escape out of his hand.
But as for me, the secret will be revealed to me, not because I am wiser than all the living, but that I may be revealed to the king, and that you may know the understanding of your heart.
Then I bought a belt, and girded myself, according to the word of Yahweh.
Yahweh said to me in the days of king Josiah, Have you seen what rebellious Israel has done? He has played the prostitute on the mountains, and has committed adultery under all the green trees.
For God knows that in the day that you eat, your eyes will be opened, and you will discern sin as God has discerned.
For he first chose those who were chosen, and first established them with the image of his Son, that he might be first among his brothers.
The king said, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, who has given me a word this day, and my eyes have seen it.
Moreover you have sent messengers far away. When the messenger came to them, behold, they came: and you have washed their bodies, and you have clothed yourselves with a scab, for their eyes.
Speak to them, and tell them, As I live, says Yahweh, I will do to you according to the word which I have heard.
Now I am going to him who sent me. There is none among you who says to me, Where are you going?'
All the people answered with a loud voice, and said, We will do all that Yahweh has spoken. Moses blessed Yahweh with the words of all the people.
Then the king of Israel called all the elders of the land, and said to them, Behold, this man spies out a plot against me, and has sent to me; and I didn't inform him of my wife, nor of my sons, nor of my daughters, nor of my silver.
Then the stars of the morning sang together, and all the children of God lifted up their voices with joy.
Therefore the inhabitants of it were very strong, and they were dismayed and dismayed. They were as the grass of the wilderness, and as the green grass, as the grass of the housetops, and as the vine that doesn't grow in the field.
His power and his majesty are his. He walks in the heights of his peace.
Abijah set up a band of forty thousand men who were mighty men of valor; and Jeroboam set up a band of eighty thousand mighty men who were mighty men of valor.
You shall not eat the flesh of those who are abominable to you; neither shall you eat the flesh of those who are abominable.
So David gave Ornan six hundred shekels of gold for the land.
Remember the promise of your servant, For you have given me hope.
Jesus said to God, I will proclaim your name to my brothers, and will praise your name before the congregation.
The priest shall burn on the altar all the burnt offerings of Yahweh made by fire: it is a trespass offering.
Son of man, prophesy to the mountains of Israel, and say, Hear the word of Yahweh, mountains of Israel.
I have fought against you with flint and with scorpions; and the fruit of your fields, and the fruit of your vines, and the fig trees, and the olive trees, have I given to the pestilence; yet you haven't returned to me.
Then the fear of Yahweh arose, and said, Yahweh hears, and has written a memorial book before him, for the fear of Yahweh, and for the memory of his name.
Come to me, help me, and let us go, and strike Gibeon; for he has made a covenant with Joshua and with Israel.
It happened, when he had set up the garrison of robbers in the land of Edom, that all the Edomites subdued David; and Yahweh strengthened David wherever he went.
the ten oxen that were in the midst of the herd, and the twenty oxen that were in the field, and the one hundred sheep, and the young rams, and the rams, and the fat family.
Moses was forty years old when he set his eyes on the house of his brother Israel.
Yahweh, the God of Israel, there is no god in heaven, nor in the earth, as you did in your covenant with your servants, who walk before you with all their heart.
You shall not sell the fruit of the vine, nor gather the ripe fruit of the vine: it shall be for the needy, and for the foreigner. I am Yahweh your God.
They shall be your ministers, and your ministers in tents; but they shall not come near the vessels of the sanctuary, nor to the altar, lest they die with you.
The depth of the house that was before the temple was forty cubits.
Don't you know that we are all baptized into Christ Jesus, to be baptized into him?
Yahweh has delivered them many times, But they have rebelled against him in their counsels; For their iniquity has risen up.
Peniehah the son of Eleazar was over them, and Yahweh was with them.
So it was with all the lords: there was a snare on the one side; and his snare was in four horns.
but don't eat its blood. You shall pour it out on the ground, and it shall be mixed with water.
Saul said, Blessed be you by Yahweh, for you have afflicted me.
The wise answered, We are afraid that the fat will not cover you. God bless you, and let you go and buy yourselves a horse.'
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
As a lion cries out for me, They will tear me to pieces.
He didn't lay his hand on the honorable of Israel. They saw God, and they ate and drank.
He who is perverse in the heart is an abomination to Yahweh, But he is glad in all truth.
Yahweh spoke to Gad, David's son-in-law, saying,
Let them praise Yahweh for his loving kindness, For his marvelous works to the children of men.
The third part was for the Zerubbabelites according to their families.
When he had come, he blew the trumpet in the hill country of Ephraim; and the children of Israel followed him down from the hill country: and Ehud went before him.
I cry to you, save me. I will keep your precepts.
The length of the ship was three hundred cubits, and the breadth fifty cubits, and the height thirty cubits.
The ox who strikes a man's son, or his daughter, shall be punished according to this law.
When you spoke to me, Yahweh heard the voice of your words, and Yahweh said to me, I have heard the voice of this people, which they have spoken to you; and they have spoken well.
If he commits murder with me, and kills me, then we will be your bondservant; but if I prevail against him, and kill him, then you shall be our bondservant, and serve us.
This hope shall not be put to us in vain, for God has poured out his Spirit on us, and has broken our hearts.
I will pray to you, Yahweh. In the morning, my prayer will come before you.
Son of man, hear the word that I speak to you, and don't rebel, as the rebellious house did: open your mouth, and eat the bread which I have given you.
It happened, when the children of Israel were in the wilderness, that there was found a man cutting wood on the Sabbath day.
Did God say to a angel, The Lord is on my right hand, until I have subdued your enemies under your feet?
They came to wage a war, and their faces roared, and they gathered together the captivity, as the sand.
He came to worship at Jerusalem, to return; and he was sitting in the chariot reading the book of Isaiah the prophet.
If it be the remnant of you, I will cause them to be a terror and an astonishment in the land of their enemies; and they shall pursue after them with the sound of the wind, and they shall flee, as they flee away from the sword; and there shall be none to pursue them, and he shall fall.
He did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, and didn't depart from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, with which he made Israel to sin.
But if you stretch out your hand, and touch all that he has, he shall surely fall away before you.
and he took the kingdom from the house of David, and gave it to you: but you didn't walk in my commandments, as David my servant did, and followed me with all your heart, and did that which was right in my eyes.
You shall see the decay of my house, when God blesses the children of Israel; and there shall be no old man in your house forever.
The king of Samaria shall perish like a cloud.
There were two women in the basket, and they said, Give me, give me! They had three things which they couldn't fulfill: but they didn't say, It is enough.
He arose, and went to Zarephath. When he came to the gate of the city, behold, a farmer was sitting on the wood in the place. Elijah called to him, and said, Please give me a little water in your pitcher, and I will drink it.
They shall keep all the vessels of the tent of meeting, and shall keep the charge of the children of Israel, to do the business of the tent of meeting.
Amaziah returned, and killed the Edomites; and he took the gods of the children of Seir, and made them his gods; and he worshiped before him, and burnt incense to them.
I desire with my whole heart to know wisdom, and to know foolishness and folly; and afterward I will know that this also is a chasing after wind.
Will you forsake us, God? Will you not go out with our armies?
Micah said to him, Where have you come from? He said to him, I am a Levite of Bethlehem Judah, and will seek a place to dwell.
Jeshua, and Beni, and Katmiel, and Shebaniah, and Beni, and Sherebiah, and Beni, and Kenai, stood on the top of the tower of the Levites, and cried with a loud voice to Yahweh their God.
These are the words of Yahweh, which he spoke to Moses and to the children of Israel in the land of Moab, which he spoke to Horeb, and to their covenant.
The winepress was trodden outside of the city; and blood came out of the winepress, and two measures of the upper covenant were equal, and about three hundred justices.
Yahweh spoke to Joshua, saying,
He came with his disciples to a place called Gitmunneh. He said to his disciples, Wait here, and I will go and pray.
The king made man of the house of Yahweh, and of the king's house, with cedars; and he made for the singers harps and psalteries: and there was nothing like it in the land of Judah before.
Zedekiah said to Jeremiah, Don't let anyone know these words, and you won't die.
Bring me forth your light and your truth, And bring me to your holy mountain, And to your tent.
He has revealed mighty works to his people. He has given them the inheritance of the nations.
It happened in the third year of Cyrus king of Persia, that something was given to Daniel, whose name was Belteshazzar: and the thing was true, and it was a great war; and Daniel understood the thing.
God also will destroy you forever. He will take you, and raise you up out of the tent, and cast you out of the land of the living. Selah.
We encamped on the south of Chereth, and on the land of Judah, and on the south of the land of Caleb; and we burned Ziklag with fire.
Don't speak of the deceit of this people. Don't be afraid of the fear of this people. Don't be dismayed.
God is one who doesn't die, who dwells in a light that can't be seen by man; and no one has seen him, nor seen him: honor and everlasting dominion be on him. Amen.
I will bring the pestilence and the blood into the streets of Sidon; and the wounded shall fall in the midst of it; and the sword shall be against it round about; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Those who hate Yahweh will seek him, But they will be punished forever.
Hear my voice, God, when I cry. Protect my life from the adversary.
When he heard it, he saw him alone. They held their peace, and didn't tell anyone what they saw.
and his offering was one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
according to the service of the priests according to the law, but as the tent of meeting in heaven, and as the tent of meeting, so will God testify against Moses, saying, Be careful that you do all that I testify against you on the mountain.
Those who didn't listen to him shall be consumed out of the people.
Yahweh said to Moses, I will also do that which you have spoken; for you have found favor in my sight, and I have called you by my name.
But Jesus refused, and said to him, Go to your house, and take your relatives, and let the Lord show you all the great things that you have done.
You shall set up a throne for yourselves, house of Israel, and stand on the pillars of the court: and you shall look toward you, even toward the way that you go; and you shall return, and return to your cities.
A merciful man gains his life, But a cruel man destroys his body.
The men of his city, the elders and the princes who lived in the city, did according to the word of Jezebel, which he wrote in their letters.
The king said, Where is the son of your master? Ziba answered the king, He is still in Jerusalem; for he said, The children of Israel will restore me this day the kingdom of my father.
The rising of the sun shall become a spring of water, and the dry land a spring of waters. In the slums of the valleys shall be green grass, and fig trees, and fig trees.
Greet one another with a holy offering. All the assemblies of Christ greet you.
He cut off the words of Maacah, his mother's brother, because he had made abominable images for Asherah. Asa took his images, and burned them by the brook Kidron.
Yahweh said to Moses, Don't be afraid of them; for I have delivered him into your hand, and all his people, and all his land: do to him as you have done to Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwells in Heshbon.
Jesus answered them, You have said it, but I tell you, from now on you will see the Son of Man coming down into the cloud of heaven on the right hand of the Almighty.
In the second year of Asa king of Judah began Nadab the son of Jeroboam to reign over Israel; and he reigned two years in Israel.
You, Yahweh, have seen; for wickedness and forgery, you will look, and recompense with your hand: the uncircumcised will give themselves to you. You will always help the fatherless.
Most assuredly I tell you, there is none better than John the Baptizer, whom the little ones in the Kingdom of Heaven are better than he.
But if the plague strikes a man, he stirs up those who don't sin.
and you shall teach your children in this way: whether you sit in your house, or walk on the way, or lie down, or rise;
He who deals graciously with the wicked learns righteousness. In the uprightness of the land he commits unrighteousness, and doesn't listen to the voice of Yahweh.
Nabal said to David's servant, Who is David? and who is the son of Jesse? Many of his servants came and rebelled against his master.
For you have rebelled against him, and your spirit is dead.
The screen for the gate of the court was of fine twined work, of blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen, twenty cubits long, and five cubits high, with the base of the court.
Moses said, There shall be sixty faces of the great men who walk with me; and you shall say, I will give them flesh to eat, until the end of the month.'
As he who gathers grain gathers it, He who gathers it with his hand, And he who gathers it in the valley of Rephaim gathers it.
They took him, and commanded him to be bound with two chains of iron, and to ask him who he was, and what he would do.
Ben Hadad and the kings drank wine in their tents; and when they heard these words, they said to his servants, Set your battle against the city. They set their battle against the city.
So I will pass through many months of vanity, And the night of my weeping will set me free.
Who was he who was angry in forty years? Didn't those who sinned die in the wilderness?
It happened after these things, that God would testify against Abraham, and he called him, and said, Abraham. He said, Here am I.
Yahweh spoke to Aaron, saying,
I have made a covenant with you, as with my father and with your father: now have I given you silver and gold for a present: cut off the covenant that you made with Baasha king of Israel, and let him go from me.
The wicked is not so. He is like a hawk, that the wind sweeps away.
For it will be a long time, and I will walk in a way that will return no more.
Therefore you shall tell the children of Israel, I am Yahweh; and I will bring you out of the dungeon which the Egyptians have given you; and I will deliver you out of their affliction which they have afflicted you; and I will redeem you with the remnant of my hand and with a great judgment.
Yahweh said to his people, Behold, I will give you grain and new wine and oil, and you shall be satisfied: I will no more make you a reproach among the nations.
They are foolish, and will answer no more. They have no words to say.
For I have declared to you the will of God.
Of the children of Reuben, and of the children of Gad, and of the half-tribe of Manasseh, eastward of the Jordan, with all the weapons of war, twenty-two thousand.
You also, being husbands, shall dwell with your own wives, to make their flesh lighter; and you shall honor them; for they also share the grace of the life of God, which is in you. Your prayer shall not fail.
Some of those who had been possessed by demons, and some of those who had been possessed by demons, and who were with them, were Mary Magdalene, among whom he had cast out seven arks out of this Mary.
so that they shall not cut wood out of the field, nor cut trees out of the forest; for they shall burn incense with kerosene; and they shall cut down those who cut them down, and shall take down those who took them captive, says the Lord Yahweh.
but didn't inquire of Yahweh; therefore Yahweh killed him, and gave his kingdom to David the son of Jesse.
Therefore I have heard that you have faith in the Lord Jesus, and love toward all the saints,
Moses, because he had faith, didn't fear the king's wrath, and departed from Egypt, as he had seen the God whom man didn't see: therefore he was afraid, and wouldn't go back.
As Ebah has been deceived with her speech, Lest your heart be deceived, and forsake the righteousness and the truth of Christ.
So Noah did, and did according to all the commandment of Yahweh.
He said to him the third time, Simon, son of Jonah, do you love me more than these? But Peter was grieved because he had asked him the third time, and said to him, Lord, you know all things, that I have affection for you. He said to him, Feed my sheep.
Behold, the labor of all men is burnt up with fire; and the labor of nations is vanity, until they are weary; aren't they all of them out of Yahweh of Armies?
If they say, Arise, and come up to us;' then we go up; for Yahweh has delivered them into our hand, and this word shall be our witness.
and he has made known to the multitudes that Yahweh doesn't save by the sword, nor by the spear; for the battle is with Yahweh, and he will deliver you into our hand.
But there came a voice out of heaven, like a great wind, that filled the house where they were sitting.
In the thirty-ninth year of Azariah king of Judah began Menadah the son of Gad to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned eleven years.
You shall be ministers of the sanctuary, and ministers of the altar; lest wrath return on the children of Israel.
These are the three sons of Noah, who filled the land with their seed from their generation.
Don't steal, but consider the twelve, that they may glorify the teaching of our Savior, God, in all things.
A time in the streets, And a time in broad places; And a time in every cave.
You shall drive your enemies away, And they shall fall by the sword before you.
Joshua struck the king of Amalek and all his people with the edge of the sword.
Listen now, you rich men, for your troubles are at hand. Weep and weep.
Saul said, Because I have sinned, please honor me before my people's elders, and before the children of Israel, that I may worship Yahweh your God.
When the nations heard these things, they rejoiced greatly, and glorified the word of God, and all those who were chosen by God for eternal life became saints.
So all the people passed over the Jordan, and the king passed over: and the king kissed Barzillai, and blessed him; and he returned to his place.
But when I was accepted, I prayed to Yahweh your God. Answer me, God, according to your abundant loving kindness, and according to your truth's salvation.
To the gate of the king's house he came; for whoever was clothed in sackcloth couldn't enter into the gate of the king's house.
Jesus said to them, Do the will of him who sent me, and execute his work, even my food.
As it is written, I am with Jacob, and not with Esau.
Behold, these who belong to the synagogue of Satan are thousands of Jews, but they speak falsehood. I will cause them to fall down before your feet, and will make them know that I love you.
The king took Esther the rod of gold, and she stood before the king, and said,
But if you know that it is written, I desire mercy, and I don't desire sacrifice,' you will not make atonement for those who don't sin.
Who has declared this to us from the beginning? Who has declared it from the beginning, that we may say, He didn't take?' But he didn't declare it, nor set it up, nor heard your words.
It happened on one of those days, as he was sitting in Bethany, in the house of Simon the leper,
But when they were glad, and didn't believe, and were looking for something to do, Jesus said to them, What can you eat here?
All the peoples of the peoples, glorify Yahweh, glorify Yahweh.
He said to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Go, rebuke the man who sent you to me, saying,
Behold, a poor widow cast two brass spoons into the ground.
Yahweh said to me, Take again the foolish shepherds' vessels,
He stretched out his hand against his fellow, And rebelled against the covenant that he had made.
Joshua sent from Jericho to the city of Ai in Bethel eastward, by the city of Beth Aven; and he said to them, Go and see the land. They went and saw the city of Ai.
I wanted to know this saying, but I was troubled.
He said to them, Go, pray, and you will be able to drive it out.
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came against him, and bound him with brass, to bring him to Babylon.
In that day, says Yahweh, I will gather the lame, I will gather those who are driven out, and those whom I have afflicted.
I know how to pass through the breadth of it, and how to pass through the abundance of it: whether it is bread, or it is thirsty, or it is lowly, my recompense is all right.
I heard my heart tremble, and for the sound of it my lips trembled, and my bones were broken; and I trembled in my place: but I waited patiently for the day of evil, that the inhabitants of the deep might come.
It happened on the next day, that he came from Nazareth, which is in Galilee, and was baptized by John at the Jordan.
When the prisoner arose, and saw that the prison was shut, and that all the prisoners had fled, he drew his sword, and sat.
The word of Yahweh came to me in the eleventh year, on the first day of the month, saying,
I will pour out my cup far off, And will lodge in the wilderness. Selah.
He will deliver us out of the hand of our enemies, And out of all those who hate us;
So Samuel brought all the tribes of Israel near, and took the tribe of Benjamin;
They shall be destroyed forever. You have destroyed their cities. No one will remember them any more.
Why has Ahab humbled himself before me? have you seen it? for he humbled himself before me; therefore will I not bring this evil on him in the day of his life, but this evil on his house in the day of his son.
Why is Yahweh broken down? Why is the praise of the Father broken up? Why is Babylon a desolation among the nations?
In his right hand there was a harp made for Jerusalem: he put the ram on its head, and he opened his mouth, and cried, and cried, and put the ram on its head, and struck the gate of it, and built a tower of dust.
Martha said to him, Lord, if you are here, our brother will not die.
The seventh angel blew a trumpet; and a loud voice came out of the heavens, saying, The kingdom of the world is our God and the Kingdom of his Christ, and he will reign over all generations.
Of the children of Dan, their generations, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
The farmers are shamed, They have sunk their heads in the field; For there is no rain, And the ground is cut down.
In the seventh year, in the tenth month, in the tenth day of the month, you shall blow a trumpet with a loud voice: in the day of iniquity you shall blow a trumpet throughout all the land.
Then the brooks of water dried up, because there was no water therein.
If you ask for understanding, If you ask for understanding with a loud voice;
When they had chosen a new god, the battle came at the gate of their city, did Israel see shield and spear?
Yahweh said to Gideon, I will save you with the three hundred men who have sinned, and will deliver Midian into your hand; and all the people shall return to their place.
It happened in those two years, that all those who lived in Asia, Jews and Greeks alike, heard the word of the Lord.
He said to him, Go in peace, and let the God of Israel do what you have asked of him.
When he saw that there was no man round about, he struck the Egyptian, and buried him in the desert.
Therefore, brothers, in all our affliction and our troubles, we will be comforted by your faith.
One of the multitude cried out, Teacher, see my son, he is my son.
that the name of our Lord Jesus may be glorified in you, and you may be glorified in him. This is the grace of our God and Lord Jesus Christ.
The hand of Yahweh shall be broken in this mountain; and the Moabites shall be trodden in the land where they dwell, as grass is trodden in the pool of water.
Haven't I commanded you? be strong and of good courage, don't be afraid, neither be dismayed; for wherever you go, Yahweh your God will be with you.
It happened on that day, that Deborah sang with Barak the son of Abiram:
Whoever touches any of its parts shall be unclean until the evening; and he who takes it shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the evening.
Though you didn't see him, yet you loved him. Though you didn't see him, yet you believed him. You have been filled with ungodliness,
I will lay three stones by the rock, and will be as a prostitute.
The righteous men who searched the land of Laish said to their brothers, Do you know that the houses have the priests and the engraved images of the houses, and the engraved images and the molten images? Now therefore think about what you shall do.
I saw under the sun a great evil, that he should continually take his riches, and harm himself.
Out of his mouth comes forth a firebrand, And a flashing star.
He sent a man before them, Joseph, who was not able to be a bondservant.
You shall not desire the night, when the people shall be cut off from their place.
and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: A great eagle, and a great eagle, and a young eagle, and a hyssop, and a dove, and a cup in Lebanon, and a branch of cedar;
But it is not Adam who is deceived, but a woman who is mocked and sinned.
They said, We know him. They said to him, Is he well? He said, Well. Behold, Rachel, his daughter, is with the flock.
It is a day of wrath, a day of affliction and affliction, a day of destruction and of darkness, a day of darkness and of a cloud,
Go up to Gilead, you people of Egypt, and take cedar: you shall not be able to do the work of many hands, and you shall not be able to do it well.
The destruction shall come to every city, and none shall be spared; and the valley shall be desolate, and the plain shall be destroyed, according to the word of Yahweh.
It happened after three years, that the two servants of Shimei fled to Achish the son of Maacah king of Gath: and they said to Shimei, Behold, your servant is in Gath.
For a man's exhortation is not from the east, nor from the west, nor from the south.
David eagerly said, Who will give me water to drink from the spring of Bethlehem gate?
It happened in the forty-ninth year, that angels appeared to Moses in the wilderness of Mount Sinai in the midst of a burning ash cloud.
He was sixteen years old when he began to reign; and he reigned fifty-two years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Jechariah of Jerusalem.
You shall offer an offering made by fire for a burnt offering to Yahweh: two bulls, one ram, seven male lambs a year old without blemish;
Don't you know that your body is the body of Christ? Shouldn't I make the body of Christ into a prostitute? Don't be deceived.
Menemahiah struck Tehosat, and all who were with them, and all that was round about him, from Tirzah; for they didn't open the gate of it: therefore they struck him, and broke open all the new wives who were in the midst of them.
For in whatever place two or three men were gathered together in my name, and I was with them.
Joshua himself stood in the midst of the Jordan with twelve stones, where the priests who bore the ark stood: and to this day they are still there.
God is faithful, who called you to be with his Son, and with our Lord Jesus Christ.
Yahweh said to Moses, I will blot out the name of Amalek from under the sky: write this thing in a book for a memorial, and tell it to Joshua.
Elisha said, Bring a sack of bread. He put the sack of bread on the table, and said, Bring it out, that they may eat. There was no bread in the table.
They who built this city were merchants; for they were afraid, because of the affliction of the city: therefore they stood afar off, weeping and waving their hands.
For dreams are many, and prophecies many, but they are nothing; yet fear God.
When they had all drunk, his mother said to him, They didn't drink.
We hope for peace, but not for good. We hope for good, but fear.
The fig tree answered, Should I put away my sweet and my good fruit, and go and dance on the trees?'
You have answered me in my ways. Teach me your statutes.
If any man sins unwittingly, he shall offer a male goat a year old for a sin offering.
Didn't Hezekiah cut off the high places of Yahweh, and his altars, and command Judah and Jerusalem, saying, Worship before this altar, and burn incense on it?
For Jesus was not a angel, but the seed of Abraham.
There were eight boards, and ten sockets of silver; and under each board were two sockets.
It happened in the fourth month, in the fifth day of the month, that the famine was sore in the city, so that there was no bread for the people of the land.
Jesus, perceiving in his heart that they marveled because of this, said to them, Did these words come to you?
Yahweh will deal with them, as he dealt with the two kings of the Amorites, whom he destroyed: Sihon, Og, and their land.
Rehoboam took ten wives and sixty daughters; and he bore twenty-eight sons and sixty daughters: but he loved Maacah the daughter of Absalom more than all the wives and the daughters.
Speak in Judah, and prophesy in Jerusalem, and say, Sneeze in the land, and cry, Gather yourselves, that we may enter into the fortified cities.
There you will find gods made by the hands of men, wood and stone, which you can't see, nor hear, nor eat, nor drink.
Before the fleeing man came, the hand of Yahweh was on me in the evening, and he opened my mouth: and it happened in the morning, that the man came to me, and my mouth was opened, and there was no more blemish in my mouth.
David fervently danced before Yahweh: and David adorned himself with the priesthood of fine linen.
Sing to Yahweh, all the earth. Sing praises with a loud voice.
A voice was heard in the wilderness, saying, Prepare your way for the Lord, and keep his ways straight.
But I will tell you these things, that you may remember them in the future, which I told you. I didn't tell you these things in the beginning, because I was yet with you.
He burnt incense on the day that he served the Baals, and covered himself with sackcloth and other scabs, after his beloved, so that he didn't forget me: therefore will I punish him, says Yahweh.
The Philistines pursued after Saul and his sons; and the Philistines killed Jonathan, Abinadab, and Malchishua, Saul's sons.
For the idols of the house are lies, and the visions of the magicians are false, and the dreams of the magicians are a snare to men. Therefore their deceit is as sheep, and they are afflicted because there is no shepherd.
David said, Yahweh, the God of Israel, your servant has surely heard that Saul wanted to come to Keilah, to destroy this city for my sake.
Why have you brought us forth out of Egypt into this wicked place? There is no place to eat, neither is there fig tree, nor grapes, nor figs, nor water to drink;
Behold, now they have recompensed us, and driven us out of your inheritance, which you have given us to possess it.
They took it, and cast it into the pit; and the pit was dry, and there was no water therein.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Therefore he who is in all spirit among us, let him have a different mind. If you have a different mind, God will also test you.
You shall speak before Yahweh your God, saying, I have taken the holy thing out of my house, and have given it to the Levites, and to the foreigners, and to the fatherless, according to all the commandment which you have commanded me: I have not seen nor forgotten your commandment.
If you offer a lamb for a present, you shall offer it before Yahweh.
and the lampstand of pure gold, and its lampstand, that you may set before the ruler.
Therefore I will do to you as I did to Shiloh, to the house in which you trust in my name, and to the land which I gave to you and to your fathers.
The serpent, the living creature of all the mountains which Yahweh God has made, is the most beautiful. The serpent said to the woman, Didn't Yahweh say, You shall not eat of all the trees of the garden?
It happened about that time, that the king of Helud laid his hand on some of the assembly,
If there be in your gate a dispute, or if there be bloodshed, or if there be strife, or if there be a famine, that you don't know to judge, rise up, and go to the place which Yahweh your God shall choose.
It happened, when I offered the evening meal, that I arose from my side, and tore my garments, and laid my hands on them, and lifted up my hand toward Yahweh my God, saying,
I regard my brothers, and my bones. If it is for them, let me be forsaken by God, and walk with Christ, and let me be free.
Then the prince of the house, when he was compelled to kill him, we took him, that he might be judged by our own law.
Then Joshua called all Israel, and their elders, and their heads of fathers' houses, and their judges, and their rulers, and said to them, I have been a father a long time.
Watch over the prisoners, as you watch over them. Watch over the slanderers, as you are slanderers.
whoever hears the sound of the trumpet, and doesn't obey the commandment, if the sword comes and destroys him, his sin shall be on his head.
The nations shall see your righteousness. The kings shall see your glory. You shall be called by a new name, which Yahweh has called by his mouth.
In that day they shall come from Assyria to the cities of Egypt, from Egypt to the great river, from the sea to the sea, from the mountain to the mountain;
When he heard that he was coming from Judea into Galilee, he went and begged him to bring down his son to Capernaum, because his son was about to die.
The four angels, who had been let go, set a time and a place for healing in that hour, and in that day, and in that month, and in that year, to kill three hundred men.
You shall also have many calamities, and scabs, and gnashings, and all manner of work, that you may do all manner of work.
The border shall go down from Shihon to Riblah on the east of the Aiman; and it shall go down to the east of the king of Kinneroth.
Woe to you, first and foremost! Are you like a heap of dust? Isn't he the God of his work, that you should be his God, and say, He isn't mine? Or isn't he the God of his works, that you should be his, and say, He isn't wise?
Isn't it you who are with me, My companion, My friend?'
They struck the cities of Gerar round about, because Yahweh made them afraid. They took all their cities, because there was much spoil in them.
The third name was Tiglath, which is on the east side of Assyria. The fourth name was Euphrates.
It happened, when he had eaten, that Boaz said to him, Come and eat bread, and wash your bread with it. He sat down by the way of the reapers, and he gave him a good measure of water. He ate, but there was not enough. He arose, and went and gathered grain.
Let the salvation of Israel come out of Zion. When Yahweh brings back his captives, Jacob shall rejoice, and Israel shall be glad.
On the top of the pillars were pillars of brass, five cubits high; and around the pillars were hooks and pomegranates, all of brass; and on the second pillars were pomegranates.
So they called the days of Purim the days of Purim: for all the words of this letter, and for all that their eyes saw and heard in this matter,
It happened in the fourteenth year of king Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, in the fifth month, on the seventh day of the month, that Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard of the king of Babylon came to Jerusalem;
He took the twelve, and said to them, Behold, we are going up to Jerusalem, and all that the prophet has spoken concerning the Son of Man is fulfilled.
David was afraid of Yahweh that day, saying, The ark of Yahweh shall come to my place.
His bones are like brass, And his bones like iron.
When Elisha the man of God heard that the king of Israel had torn his clothes, he sent to the king, saying, Why have you torn your clothes? Let the man come to me, and he shall know that there is a prophet in Israel.
He destroyed the pillars, and took the Asherim, and filled them with bones.
The birds of the sky, the fish of the sea, and all the living creatures of the sea were his.
From the days of John the Baptizer even to this day, the Kingdom of Heaven has been a mighty enemy, and those who were mighty have been taken with vengeance.
He went to Ophrah to his father's house, and killed all the sons of Jeroboam, his brothers, seventy men, on a rock: but Jotham the youngest son of Jeroboam remained, because he had fled.
The heart of the Holy One will understand knowledge. He who speaks from the tongue will speak and understand.
God has revealed the prophets, that they may know that their service is not for themselves, but for you. Now the Spirit, which is sent out of heaven, has spoken to you through the angels of the Good News. The angels also wait anxiously to know.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
I have not sought the money of a man, nor the garments of it;
The glory of Yahweh went up out of the city, and he lodged on the mountains that were beyond the city on the east.
The mouth of the righteous stirs up many. The fool dies in ignorance.
The women said to Naomi, Blessed be Yahweh, because he has not forsaken you this day, so that you have no relatives. Let this child be a hero among the children of Israel.
Their heart is like oil, But I love your law.
God will not take away his wrath. He has made Rahab to lie down under him.
As the valley of the scattering, As the field by the river, As the cedars of Yahweh, As the cedars by the waters.
He came again, and saw them sleeping, because their eyes were dry. They didn't know what to say to him.
The light was in darkness, but the darkness received the light.
Therefore I apologise to you in the name of the Lord, and don't repeat that which is done to the Gentiles, which is vanity and a desolation,
Out of the tribe of Dan he gave Jericho with its suburbs, Gibbethon with its suburbs,
He sat down, and called for him. When he came near, Jesus said to him,
For you say, Where is the king's house? Where is the habitation of the wicked?
The sucklings will be sucklings, And the sucklings will be sucklings. So will the wrath of one who stirs up wrath stir up scorpions.
The peoples are one, and the foreigners are another, in the midst of you.
Moses said to Yahweh, So the Egyptians shall hear; for you have brought this people up out of the midst of them with your power.
It happened, when Ishmael his son was circumcised, that he was thirteen years old.
When they heard that he was raised, and that he was seen by Mary, they also believed.
In the midst of the nations he speaks of his glory. In the midst of the peoples his marvelous works.
Then Uzziah was angry, and took a censer in his hand to burn incense: and when he was angry with the priest, before the priests who were by the altar of incense in the house of Yahweh, his head was swollen with leprosy.
Malachi burned on his head, and tore off the green clothing that he had put on, and walked on his head with his hand, and walked on and on.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
You shall not touch him with your hand, but you shall stone him with stones, or stone him with a stone: neither man nor animal shall touch him, and he shall not live: but when the sound of the trumpet is heard, they shall go up to the top of the hill.
In the twenty-ninth year of the reign of Jeroboam king of Israel began Asa to reign over Judah.
and set him on the high places of the earth, and ate the fruit of the field; and made him to drink wine from the rock, and oil from the fire;
Then said the lord to his servant, Go out into the country, and let them go with you, that my house may be full.
Blessed is he who is grieved for sin, For they will be comforted by God.
For I will pray for you well for the house of Yahweh our God.
For if it is done right, you will receive a good name, and will be able to speak the word of Christ Jesus.
They have ears, but they don't hear. They have ears, but they don't hear.
When they came into Samaria, Elisha said, Open, Yahweh, the eyes of these men, that they may see. Yahweh opened their eyes, and they saw, and didn't count them, that they were dead in the city of Samaria.
Absalom fled. The watchman's young men lifted up their eyes, and saw, and behold, a great people came from behind him, from the way of the mountain.
Behold, I will make you a new vessel for the grain, and it shall be built; and you shall strike the mountains to the ends of the earth, and shall make the mountains a desolation.
The altar for the burnt offering shall be a table of stone, four cubits long, and four cubits broad, and a cubit high: and on it shall be the burnt offering, and the vessels for the burnt offering.
The law of the children of Israel is according to the priesthood of the Levites: if any man be perfected by this priesthood, he shall not again make a priest of Melchizedek, but not Aaron's.
He sat on the throne of the frankincense table, and saw all the people casting away money, and many rich people casting away money.
There shall be no man in his place forever and ever. The Arabians shall not set tents there, neither shall the shepherds cause the flocks to fall there.
You shall not take of the life of him who kills a man for iniquity, but shall surely put it to death.
For the house of my God have I been strong, and have prepared silver for gold, and silver for silver, and brass for brass, and iron for iron, and wood for wood; and a horseshoe, and precious stones, and stones of light, and stones of acacia, and stones of every kind, and stones of every kind.
Ahaziah was forty-two years old when he began to reign; and he reigned one year in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Athaliah the daughter of Omri.
He said to them, Behold, fear of Yahweh is wisdom, But escaping from evil is understanding.
He is a whirlwind, and doesn't know what to do. He stirs up wrath on you, and on the burnt offering.
He spoke to the locusts, from the cedars of Lebanon to the oxen that rose up on the wall; and to the animals, and to the birds, and to the creeping things, and to the peoples.
The understanding seeks knowledge with all his heart, But the mouth of fools delights in folly.
He gave to the king one hundred talents of gold, and a great variety of spices, and precious stones; and the spices which he gave to the king were no more as the spices which Sabah the queen gave to Solomon.
If your brother goes into poverty, and dwells with you, and doesn't give himself to you, let him not be served as a servant to you.
You shall bring no gold, nor silver, nor brass, into your oxen.
Yahweh's works are great. All things will be well with him.
So you will be our glory in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ, and we will be your glory.
When Joab saw that they had set the battle in array before him, he chose the army out of all the army of Israel, and set them in array against the Syrians.
Those who were round about him begged him that he would depart from them, because they were afraid. He sailed back.
I will establish the house of Judah, and will save the house of Joseph, and will bring them again; for I have compassion on them; and they shall be as I have not forsaken; for I am Yahweh their God, and I will love them.
My people will live in faith. But if he does well, I will not be with him.
Though gold and precious stones are many, But the wisdom of the lips is a precious jewel.
If it is good to plant it in the year, and it is not, then it shall be cut down.'
This shall be the portion of Aaron and of his sons for an everlasting charge to the children of Israel; for it is a wave offering. It shall be a wave offering to the children of Israel, a wave offering to Yahweh.
If there be found a man and a woman who has a husband in a chamber, then the prisoner and the woman shall be put to death: so shall the evil be cut off from Israel.
Jesus, perceiving their evil thoughts, said to them, You false men, why do you test me?
Jeremiah said to Zedekiah, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Armies, the God of Israel: If you go out and take hold of the princes of the king of Babylon, your life shall live; and this city shall not be burned with fire; and you shall live, you and all your house.
The heart of king David was troubled to remember Absalom; for Amnon was comforted, because he was dead.
I write this letter to you, my brothers, to show you and to testify that this is the truth of God. Stand you on this grace.
The earth is broken before Yahweh. The earth is full of violence.
You shall take of it with your hand, and lay it on the tops of it, and lay it in a heap before the men of Judah, at the gate of the king's house, which is at Tahpanhes Pharaoh's house;
He took the new garments that he had put on, and broke them into twelve boards.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Isaac was old, and his eyes didn't see; and he called Esau his firstborn, and said to him, My son. Esau answered, Here am I.
Joshua said, Bring the stone from the top of the trough to the top of the trough, and set men there, and keep them;
Delilah said to Samson, Please tell me, Where is your great strength? How shall it be, that it may cover you, and make you sick?
A certain teacher of the law stood up and tested him, saying, Teacher, what shall I do, that I may have eternal life?
Jonathan stretched out his hand on his knees, and followed him with his armor. The Philistines fell before Jonathan, and followed after him with his armor.
Depart from evil, do good, and seek peace with all your heart.
Yet they continue to test the Most High, And rebel against him, And don't keep his testimonies.
Then the sons of the prophets said to Elisha, Behold, we are divided between you and our land:
When the days of the feast were fulfilled, Job sent and called them, and sanctified them; and he rose up early in the morning, and offered up their burnt offerings according to the number of the people: for Job said, It is a misunderstanding of my son that he has sinned, and that he has turned away his heart from Yahweh. Job did so.
He said, Love God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your strength; and love your neighbor as yourself; more than the burnt offering and the sacrifice of livestock.
For he will surely live, and not die, when he is healed from all his iniquities with which he has sinned.
Lebanese, open your doors, that the fire may devour your cedars.
He shall sprinkle the blood of his sickle seven times on the altar, and purify it, and separate it from the uncleanness of the children of Israel, and sanctify it.
Then John was not put into prison until that day.
You have brought forth Shubh your king, and Chun your eunuch, the star of your gods, for your own service.
Now therefore, if you are the Son of God, come down from the cross, for three days you have said that you will destroy the temple.
All the life of the earth and the breath of the people are in his hand.
The king made his words according to the order, even the words that were by the side of the wall: Jonathan stood, and Abner was by Saul's side, and the words of David were left unsaid.
Then the congregation grew weary, and one cried out, and the other didn't know what they were talking about.
They said, Has Yahweh spoken with Moses? Hasn't he spoken with us? Yahweh has heard this.
Yahweh, the God of heaven and earth, the great and fearful God, has made a covenant with those who love him, and with those who obey his commandments.
He made a ring of pure gold, a ring of a ring of a ring of a ring of a ring of a ring of a ring of a ring of a ring, round about the ring;
Moses said to the children of Israel, Their princes delivered the rod to them, according to the number of the names of the princes of their tribes, twelve rods; and Aaron's rod was among the rods.
Your servant fears you. Set your word in order for him.
He sent another third servant, and the farmers struck him, and drove him out.
For they didn't listen to the voice of Yahweh their God, neither did they break his covenant; neither did they listen to the commandment of Moses the servant of Yahweh.
It happened in the sixth year of king Darius, in the tenth month, in the tenth day of the month Adath, that the house was built.
To fill your soul with good things, And make your youth like an eagle.
In the midst of the sons of the priests went forth the foreign wives, the house of Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his brothers, Maaseiah, Eliezer, Jalip, and Gedaliah.
Their horses were seven hundred thirty-six; and their chariots two hundred forty-five;
Jael stretched out his right hand with his lamp, and his left hand with the rod of the workmen's work; and he drew the rod on Sheshah, and he drew it over his head, and he drew it along his sides.
I was alone there. I saw the vision, and there was no strength in my body, and the beauty of my face was hidden, and there was no strength.
You shall love Yahweh your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your strength.
Hear, Yahweh, the God of Armies, my prayer. Listen, Yahweh, the God of Jacob. Selah.
He commanded them, saying, Tell my lord Esau, Thus says your servant Jacob, I am in Laban, and I am here to this day.
But Jesus answered them, Blessed is he who keeps the word of God.
When sin is conceived, it produces iniquity, and after iniquity it produces death.
Then all who call on the name of the Lord will be saved.
The day that the king had appointed to bring them in was come; and the captain of the guard brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar.
Thekouah's wife said to the king, My lord the king, put this sin on me, and on my father's house; and there shall be no sin in the king, nor in his words.
In the forty-ninth year there was no blemish in your garments, neither was there any blemish in your feet.
I have obeyed your voice, and not like other men. I have walked in the way of the oppressed, and have not gone astray.
I will command them, and cause them to come again to this city; and they shall fight against this city, and take it, and burn it with fire: and I will make the cities of Judah desolate, and none shall dwell therein.
He who doesn't love wrath has great understanding, But the Holy One has great folly.
I made Shelemiah the priest, and Zadok the scribe, and Petaiah the Levite, officers of the chambers, and officers of the chambers; Hanan the son of Zaccur, and Zaccur the son of Mattaniah; for I saw that these were men, and that their work was for their brothers.
All the men of Judah returned from all the places where they were driven, and came to Mizpah in the land of Judah, and came to Gedaliah; and they gathered up fruit and fruit of the summer.
You shall take the inheritance of a stranger, and shall take it; but your brother shall not take it: that Yahweh your God may bless you in the land where you go to possess it, and in all that you do in your hand.
even the spirit of judgment, and the spirit of vengeance, which the Lord used to wash the filthiness of the daughter of Zion, and to cleanse Jerusalem from the blood of the slain.
I spoke to the priests and to all the people of this land, saying, Thus says Yahweh, Don't listen to the prophecies of the prophets which they prophesy to you: for they say, Behold, the vessels of the house of Yahweh shall not be brought again from Babylon; but they prophesy falsely to you.
I, Yahweh, have called you with righteousness, to take hold of your hand, and to keep you, that you may be a shield between you and the people, a light to the nations;
Now I tell you, don't form men, and let them go; for whatever they devise, and what they do, shall fail.
Put away the wicked from before the king, And his kingdom shall be established in righteousness.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and serve him; and you shall be with him, and swear by his name.
If I be afraid of the multitude, Or of the snares of the fathers' houses, So that I hold my peace, I will not go out;
For the Romans didn't receive, nor keep, the ordinances of the law.
It happened on the next day, that the Philistines came to the slain men, and found Saul and his three sons dead on Mount Gilboa.
He who was clothed in his garment was full of bread and blood. His name was The land of God.
It happened at that time, that when the king saw the writing on the king's desk and on the lampstand, that the king saw the writing on the king's hand,
You shall remember that you were bondservants in the land of Egypt; therefore I command you to do so.
If you will listen to the voice of Yahweh your God, The blessings of this blessing shall come on you, and shall be on you:
that you may be filled with the fullness of the love of Christ, which is revealed in the knowledge of him.
On this side were the faces of man, and their faces toward the right hand; and on that side the faces of lions, and their faces toward the left: so was the house round about.
If your people go out to fight against their enemies in the way which you have sent them, to the city which you have chosen, and to the house which I have built for your name, to pray to you;
The Jews sought Jesus in the midst of the feast, and said to him, Where is this man?
Declare the word of our Lord as a sign of salvation, which Paul, our beloved brother, gave him in God's wisdom, when he wrote to you.
He made ten brass vessels according to this measure: and their names, their names, their names, and their names were all written in the book of Revelation.
Yahweh will reign over all the earth. Yahweh will be known in that day. His name will be known in that day.
He is not the God of dead, but of living, for all men live for the Lord.
Leah conceived, and bore a son. She named him Reuben, because he said, Yahweh has seen my affliction. Now my husband loves me.
Many of my brothers are more confident in the Lord, and more confident in the word of God, because of my iniquity.
For they conspired against you to harm you, But they didn't succeed.
The offering is for a man to open his mouth, And to bring him before a great man.
I will offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving to you. I will call on the name of Yahweh.
Trust in the strong faith, and be steadfast in him; for you know the affliction of the sisters of the whole world.
So all the elders of Israel came to the king to Hebron: and David made a covenant with them in Hebron before Yahweh: and they anointed David, and made him king over Israel, as Yahweh had spoken by Samuel.
When you saw Nahash king of the children of Ammon coming against you, he said to me, No, but we are determined to have a king over us; and Yahweh your God is your king.
Most assuredly, I tell you, in the days of Elijah there will be three full years of affliction, and great famine in all the land; and there will be many in Israel at that time.
Joseph brought Jacob his father in, and stood before Pharaoh: and Jacob blessed Pharaoh.
I will bless those who bless you. I will punish those who curse you. In you all the peoples of the earth will be blessed.
Isn't it you who eat and you who drink, that you don't eat and you drink?
then shall your heart humble itself before Yahweh; for you have heard the words of his mouth against this place, and against the inhabitants of it; and you shall humble yourselves before me; and you shall tear your clothes, and weep before me; for I have heard your words, says Yahweh.
So you yourselves have established that you are the seed of the sons of those who have been slain by the prophets.
You have covered my feet with your knees. You have seen all my ways. You have commanded my steps.
When they had entered into the city, they drew near, and heard them: Peter, John, James, Antoleh, Philip, Thomas, Bartholomew, Mattai, James the son of Arphaius, Simon the son of Seloth, and Judas the son of Jacob.
My God, I will sing praises to you on the altar. I will sing praises to your faithfulness. I will sing praises to you on the altar of the Holy One of Israel.
They said to him, You are the disciple of the man, and we are Moses' disciple.
He said, Blessed be me. You have set me in the land of the South. Give me the springs of water. He gave him the springs of water, and the springs of water.
Sarah was afraid, and confessed, and said, I have no hand. The man said, Yes, you have no hand.
The children of Benjamin came again at that time; and the children of Israel gave them the young lady of Jabesh Gilead, whom he had left to live; but they didn't have enough.
For I appoint you a savior of the Lord, that you should appoint a savior of God.
Jehoshaphat the son of Asa became king after him, and he mighty against Israel.
not that he who confesses anything confesses it, but by the Spirit of God, and by the adversary of Christ; for you have heard that it is coming, but it is now come on the earth.
He touched his hand, and immediately the sun was setting, and he arose, and waited for him.
One head of the beast shall be like a death, and his death shall be healed; and all the people of the world shall marvel at it, and go after the beast.
He made the doors of the priest's office, and the doors of the court, and the doors of the court, and overlaid them with brass.
The waters were poured out on the earth forty days: and the waters lifted up the roof, and covered the ships with vines, and the ships were on the earth.
and if you seek understanding as money, and seek understanding as hidden treasures;
The elders of his city shall call him, and tell him, If he remembers, saying, I will not seek him,'
When they were baptized, he also came to be baptized. When he prayed, the heaven opened,
and Ain with its suburbs, and Utha with its suburbs, and Beth Shemesh with its suburbs; four cities in all: they gave them out of these two tribes.
They also, two of the convicts, went and died with him.
He who devises evil will be called evil-doers.
Laban and Bethuel answered, It is Yahweh's, and we can't speak to you good or bad.
So now I live, not as I am, but Christ dwells in me. I live, but I believe in the Son of God. Christ loves me, and has forsaken my life.
(There were on the one side thirty-three thousand five hundred sheep,
Jehoash king of Israel took Amaziah king of Judah, the son of Jehoash the son of Jehoash, in Beth Shemesh, and brought him to Jerusalem; and he broke down the wall of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim to the upper gate, eight hundred cubits.
Isn't it written, The Christ is the seed of David, who came out of Bethlehem, the city of David?'
As Yahweh destroyed the nations before you, so will you be destroyed; because you didn't listen to the voice of Yahweh your God.
Rejoice in the Lord continually. Yes, I say again, rejoice!
For if a tree is cut down, there is hope, and it fails, and the branches of it don't cease.
He saves others, but he can't save himself. Now he reigns over Israel. Come down from the cross, and we will believe.
Every man who perishes by himself is unclean in his bed. He is unclean in his work.
It happened in the ninth year, when the kings were gone out, that David sent Joab, and his servants, and all Israel: and they killed the children of Ammon, and overthrew Rabbah: and David lived in Jerusalem.
Hezekiah turned his face to the right hand, and prayed to Yahweh,
Shakanah the son of Jazeel, the son of Elam, the son of Josiah, answered Ezra, We have taken a foreign woman out of the people of the land, and have rebelled against our God: yet there is hope for Israel in this matter.
Aaron returned to Moses, and came to the door of the tent of meeting, and the pestilence ceased.
If we confess our sins, God is truth and righteousness. He will forgive our sins, and will wash away all our iniquities.
The arrows were great like the arrows of a reed; and the ring of the arrows was six hundred shekels of iron; and a shield was before him.
Behold, there was a man with a scabbard. A certain man thought he might bring a snare to him, and he said to him, Is it lawful to rest on the Sabbath day?
It happened the same night, that Yahweh said to Gideon, Bring your father's bull, the second bull of the seven years; and break down all the altars of your father's Baal, and cut down the Asherim by the altar;
The Pharisees came to him, and began to argue with him. They wanted to test him, and to ask him to do a sign out of heaven.
Those who were gathered to him were the priests who lived in the plain.
Therefore I wrote this letter to you, when I didn't come to you, that I wouldn't go up to you, and rule over you with the authority of the Lord, which he gave me; that it might be built, and not destroyed.
From among them shall come forth a voice of thanksgiving and of joy; and I will multiply them, and not diminish; and I will exalt them, and not diminish.
All those who engrave idols are vanity, and all that they do is not profitable. Their witnesses are not seen, neither do they know anything, so that they are shamed.
Thus says Yahweh: Behold, I will go into the wind of destruction against Babylon, and against the Chaldeans who dwell there.
Moses said, This is what Yahweh has commanded you, and the glory of Yahweh will be revealed to you.
Behold, he speaks graciously, and there is no one who speaks to him. Do you say these things, that it is true that this is the Christ?
It will happen in the latter days, that they will return to them; for the sins of the Amorites are not resolved.
I have prayed to the Lord three times for this thing, and he has taken it from me.
He named the second son Ephraim, because he said, God has blessed me in my affliction.
The people answered Joshua, No, but we are determined to serve Yahweh.
The goat who did the work of the gate was the king of Hera; and the two horns between his eyes were the king's first.
Those who followed him saw that Saul was dead, and that he had spied him by the sword.
But he said, Hear now, brothers, before Abraham our father went to Haran, and the glory of God appeared to him in Mesopotamia,
Woe to you rich men! For you have lived in abundance.
It happened in the fourth year of Gideon the son of Joash, when he was old, that he died, and was buried in Ophrah of the Abiezerites, in the tomb of Joash his father.
and he shall stay with him all day long, until your brother's anger be kindled.
The servants of Achish said to him, Isn't this David the king of the kingdom? They shook hands in the dance hall, and said, Isn't this the man whom Saul killed, and David killed?
It happened in the days of Kiriath Jearim, in which the ark of the covenant was very long, that in the twenty-ninth year, all the house of Israel remembered Yahweh.
Another of his disciples, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, said to him,
The woman answered him, I have no interest in it. Jesus said to her, You don't have interest in it.
In the eighteenth year of king Josiah did he keep the Passover to Yahweh in Jerusalem.
His eyes shine with milk, His mouth with milk.
Shall you stir up the snare of the wind? Shall you pursue the dry grass?
Yahweh is faithful and upright. He will show the sinner how to walk.
When he had waited for Silas and Timothy in Athens, he saw that all the cities were idols, and he prayed with his whole heart.
They said to him, It is better for a man's wife to do this than for a woman to do that which is good.
Their bulls don't breed, Neither do their calfs rear their young.
one male goat for a sin offering;
Moreover I said to the wicked, You shall surely die,' if he turns again from his iniquity, and does that which is right and right;
These things I tell you, that your faith may not be shaken.
The Pharisees therefore said to him, You testify about yourself, and your testimony is false.
When Hezekiah and the princes came and looked at the towers, they blessed Yahweh, and blessed his people Israel.
then the priest shall command that they cast the stones of the plague away, and cast them out of the city into a place that is not clean.
As for the prince, for he is the prince, let him sit in the chamber, and eat bread before Yahweh: and he shall come in by the way of the porch of the gate, and shall go forth from there.
God played the prostitute with the hand of Paul.
It happened at that time, that a woman who had been cast away twelve years came near to him, and touched the cords of his garments.
The idol is a scepter of evil. A silver scepter is on him, and a silver scepter is on him.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Stretch out your rod, and strike the dust of the ground, and make him a prostitute throughout all the land of Egypt.
Now the rest of the acts of Menahem, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
For death has come to our door, And has entered into our stronghold. He has destroyed the little ones from outside, And the young men from the streets.
Moses said, Show me your glory.
I made for myself a field of flowers and fruit trees, and planted in it all kinds of fruit trees.
neither shall you take your neighbor's wife, nor your neighbor's house, nor his field, nor his servant, nor his handmaid, nor his ox, nor his donkey, nor all that your neighbor has.
We know that God spoke to Moses, but we don't know where this man came from.
Their tents and their flocks shall be taken away; their linen cloths, and all their vessels, and their camels shall be taken away for their own. They shall cry to them, and say, There shall be fear round about them.'
He said to me, Let him go and build him a house in the land of Sinal: and if the house is good, let him be in his own place.
Judah sent a goat out of the hand of the Adullamite, whom he had sent to his friends; but he didn't find him.
Every man brought his offering to Yahweh, both a man and a woman, every man with his golden vessels, the rings of the breastplate, the snuffers, the snuffers, and the snuffers.
Moses and Eleazar the priest took their gold, which was of every good reed.
Moses anointed the tent of meeting, and all that was therein, and sanctified it.
Then the king passed over, and came to Gilgal; and he passed over with him at Chimham: and all the people of Judah, and half the people of Israel, passed over with the king.
The man came out to them, and said to them, Beloved, don't do this evil thing. Don't do this shameful thing, because this man entered into my house.
For God is greater than our hearts, And knows all things.
We can't despise the Almighty. He has power, justice, and fullness of righteousness. He will not afflict anyone.
Joab the son of Zeruiah was captain of the army; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud was captain of the guard.
But in the day that he comes, who can stand? When he appears, who can stand? For he is like a burning fiery fire, Like a rustling furnace.
Therefore they answered, We don't know where they came from.
The lord of the man's house shall return in the day when he is not struck.
For Christ died for us, that we might live, whether we were dead or alive, in him alone.
I know your name, and will testify against them, that your love may be in them, and I in them.
So the peace of God, whom they have until now, will be kept in Christ Jesus for your sakes.
They said, This is Jesus, the prophet, of the Nazarenes, who are in Galilee.
The seed and the innards shall not be numbered, but the seed shall be numbered by the God of the seed.
All promises of God are in Jesus Christ. Therefore we say to him, Amen, and glorify God.
When I come to you, don't chastise me for you; for I will not chastise those who do the things which are written in the book of the testimony.
We roar like a harp, And call like a band of robbers. We hope for justice, but they don't find it. We hope for salvation, but they are far from us.
Grace to us, mercy, and peace from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Father, that we may live full of truth and love.
I command you, daughters of Jerusalem, the rams and the ravens of the field: Don't let him be wet, neither be dismayed at my desire, until he has made an end.
All the silver that was found in the house of Yahweh was poured out, and delivered into the hand of the laborer and of the laborer.
He went out again in the morning, and saw a man standing on a great path,
For the king's ships went with the servants of Hiram to Tarshish; and the ships of Tarshish carried gold, and silver, and jewels, and armor, and vessels, three years.
It happened, when Joshua was dead, that the children of Israel inquired of Yahweh, saying, Who shall go up first against the Canaanites, who fight against us?
There was a lame man at Lystra, who sat at the table, and didn't walk, because he was a lame man.
He tore the tower of Penuel, and killed the men of the city.
I will declare to him my footstool. I will come to him as a king.
because they have persecuted you with a deceitful plan, in the matter of Bohol, and in the matter of Cozpah the daughter of Midian, with a deceitful plan; and this Cozpah has persuaded you with a deceitful plan in the day of pestilence; for the matter of Bohol has been uncovered.
When he had been slain, many witnesses showed him that he was alive. In forty days he appeared to the disciples, and spoke to them about the Kingdom of God.
If she said, I am not a vision, therefore I am not a body. She is not a body, because of this.
He came near, and gave them bread, and fish, and so he gave them.
Joram said, Take a chariot, and he took it: and Joram king of Israel and Ahaziah king of Judah went out, and they took every man his chariot, and went out to take Jehu, and found him in the field of Naboth the Jezreelite.
They cast out many arks, and anointed many people, and healed them.
He saw that Christ was more reproachful than the treasures of Egypt, because he longed for the reward.
For I don't want to repeat the things that were done to you, except Jesus Christ, who was crucified with him, and who was crucified with him.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Will your heart be strong in the day that I visit you? Will your hand be strong? Thus will you do, says Yahweh.
He had two wives: the name of the one was Hannah, and the name of the other Peninnah. Peninnah had sons and daughters, but Hannah had no sons and daughters.
Then he commanded the children of Benjamin, saying, Go, hide yourselves among the vines:
Adonijah said to him, Go in, for you are a liar, and you will be better than a good man.
They gathered themselves together in the temple day by day with one accord, and proclaimed the feast of the Sabbaths, eating and drinking, and praising God with one accord,
They answered him, Our fathers are Abraham. Jesus said to them, If you are Abraham's seed, you will do that which Abraham did.
I tell you that the camel is more abundantly than the rich in the Kingdom of Heaven.
If you offer an offering made by fire for a meal offering, you shall make unleavened bread of fine flour, fine flour mixed with oil, and unleavened cakes of oil mixed with oil.
He sent the young men of Israel, and offered burnt offerings, and sacrificed oxen for peace offerings to Yahweh.
The ox went straight ahead toward the way of Beth Shemesh; and he went straight ahead; he went forward and he went back and forth; he didn't turn to the right hand nor to the left; and the princes of the Philistines came after them to the border of Beth Shemesh.
Then Adoni-Sedith king of Jerusalem heard that Joshua had taken away the city of Ai, and had destroyed it utterly, as he had done to the city of Ai and to the king of it, as he did to Jericho and to the king of it: and he heard that the inhabitants of Gibeon had made a covenant with the children of Israel, and lived among them;
All the land of Egypt shall be before you; and you shall cause your father and your brothers to dwell in the most pleasant place of the land; and they shall dwell in the land of Goshen: and if you know the worse of them, you shall cause them to rule over my livestock.
Remember them, my God, for they have broken the covenant of the priests, the poor priests, and the Levites.
You will be hated by all men because of me.
I will set apart my people and your people, and this sign will be in the morning.'
Touch your tongue, and don't speak evil. Touch your lips, and don't speak deceitful words.
The Levites, the priests' sons, who bore the tithe, even the sons of Abraham, and all Israel with them, were brothers; yet they were commanded to bring in the tithe of the tithe from the people according to the law.
Then Judah was his sanctuary, And Israel his kingdom.
He saw two ships sailing by the sea, and they departed from the ship, and were bathing.
Whether you go into a city, or into a sanctuary, you shall hear who among you will beg you, and go up there, and dwell there, until you have departed from the threshing floor.
Oh that you would remember the prayer and the supplication of your servant, Yahweh my God, and would hear the supplication of your servant, which he has supposed before you this day.
You sons of mighty men, give glory and strength to Yahweh, and to Yahweh.
You have not bought for me silver, nor given me oil for your sacrifices; but have labored for your sins, and I have wept for your iniquities.
Judas Iscariot, the son of Jacob, and Judas Iscariot, the Caledonian, who betrayed him.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who enters into the service in the Tent of Meeting shall number himself.
I will establish him in my house and in my kingdom forever. His throne shall be established forever.'
When he was dead, a fox was by the roadside. When the bird came, he ate and drank of the seed.
Yahweh said to Joshua, Don't be afraid of them; for I have delivered them into your hand; and there shall not stand before you a man with them.
and all the sheep and the oxen, and the wild animals of the field;
Son of man, prophesy for it, and tell Gog, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Don't you know the day of rest for my people Israel?
From the River even to the land of the Philistines, even to all the kingdoms that were beyond the border of Egypt, Solomon overthrew them: and in the days of Solomon's life they stood up and served him.
The wounds of the friend are good, But the kisses of the enemy are treacherous.
The idol will be utterly destroyed.
He said to them, What are you talking about with them?
Don't forsake me, Yahweh. Don't be far from me, my God.
Jesus answered them, You don't know. You don't know the power of God.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: In the first month, on the first day of the month, take uncircumcised bulls, and purify the sanctuary.
Zedekiah the king commanded to put Jeremiah in the court of the guard, and to give him a male every day out of the house of the baker, until there was no male in the city. Jeremiah remained in the court of the guard.
The king said to all his people, Behold, this people Israel is greater and mightier than we.
Then they poured out their sacks, so that they couldn't see every man's money in his sacks; and when they saw their money, they and their fathers were afraid.
For you didn't circumcise the need of the saints, but multiplied the thanksgiving of God to many.
You shall dwell in one house wherever you go in, and you shall go out from there.
We are God's. He who knows God hears us, and he who doesn't know God doesn't listen to us. So we can discern between the Spirit of truth and the Spirit of righteousness.
He freed those who were afraid of death, and became bondsersers all the days of their life.
Let the king plead the cause of the afflicted, Save the poor, And lead the oppressed away.
God stretched out his hand, and struck the rock, and took it out of the base of the mountain.
Let the nations rejoice and sing with joy. For you have judged the nations in righteousness, The nations of the earth. Selah.
Outside of the gate of the inner court, by the side of the north gate, there were chambers for the singers; and the chambers were toward the south, and by the side of the east gate toward the north.
Yahweh, you are my King. Set a commandment, that you may save Jacob.
I came to the well this day, and said, Yahweh, the God of my master Abraham, if you will, let me keep my way.
For Yahweh your God has walked in your camp, to deliver you, and to deliver your enemies to you: therefore shall your camp be holy, that he not see your affliction, and depart from you.
Jacob also stayed with Rachel, and loved Rachel more than Leah. He worked seven years.
As you did to Midian, so did you to them; As you did to Sheshai and to Jabin by the river Kishon.
All the captains of the army, Johanan the son of Kareah, and Jehohaniah the son of Hoshaiah, and all the people, from the youngest of them even to the greatest of them;
Shall a man live after his death? Let me keep the days of my labor, until the days of my misery come.
So also did the magicians with their enchantments, and brought frogs into the land of Egypt.
If you depart from Yahweh to serve the gods of the nations, Yahweh will return to bring evil on you, and destroy you, after he has blessed you.
Let your wrath be poured out on them. Let your wrath be on them.
You have divided the sea before them, that they may pass through it as dry land; You have cast their pursuers into the deep sea, as stones into the midst of great waters;
Paul wanted to enter into the crowd, but his disciples blocked him.
The livestock of the children of Reuben and the livestock of Gad were exceeding many; and they saw the land of Jazer, and the land of Gilead, as a place to take livestock.
as the baptism, the hand, the resurrection of the dead, and the constant instruction of the everlasting judgment.
Moreover Yahweh your God will send to them a great sweet savor, until they have consumed them before you.
Moses said to Aaron and to Eleazar and to Ithamar his sons, You shall not break the hair of your head, nor tear your clothes, that you not die, nor that Yahweh be angry with the congregation; but all your brothers the house of Israel shall cry out for the fire of Yahweh.
But if a man says that he lives in light, yet hates his brother, or his sister, he shall surely live in darkness.
Loth, Odo, and the valley of labor.
It shall happen, when you shall find affliction, and the things come on you, that you shall turn to Yahweh your God, and hear his word.
I, Zedekiah, the firstborn of this letter, greet you in the Lord.
Go up to the top of the mountains, you who give good news to Zion; and out of your strength your voice, you who give good news to Jerusalem: lift up your voice, don't be afraid, and say to the city of Judah, Behold, your God!
He who mocks the poor blasphemes, But he who humbles himself honors the Lord.
There shall be a place for the animal, and the eagle shall be gathered there.
Kedemoth with its suburbs, and Mephaath with its suburbs; four cities.
All the remnant of Syria, the high places of Ephraim, and the kingdom of Damascus, shall be as the glory of Israel, says Yahweh of Armies.
For you shall enter into a land of possession, not as you came forth out of the land of Egypt; and there you shall graze, and tread with your feet as in a field.
Therefore the animals of the wilderness and the wolves shall dwell therein, and the sword shall dwell therein forever without a man, and forever without a man.
and you shall eat until the month is full, and the flesh shall come out of your nostrils, and you shall abhor; for you have forsaken Yahweh, who dwells among you, and wept before him, and said, Why have we gone forth out of Egypt?
Behold, he shines his light on it. He covers the seas.
His wisdom was greater than all men, and greater than Ethon the Ezranite, and Than Heman the son of Mahol, Than Calcor and Tartah; and his name was proclaimed throughout all the kingdoms of the earth.
He said to the king of Israel, Put your hand to your bow. He put his hand to his bow.
Therefore shall you bring to me all the prophets of Baal, and all who serve Baal, and all his priests; none shall be questioned; for I will offer a great sacrifice to Baal, and none shall live. Jehu has done this with deceit, and will utterly kill those who worship Baal.
If his strength is not enough to offer two turtledoves or two young pigeons, then he shall bring his offering for his sin which he has sinned, the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour, for a sin offering; he shall not burn it with oil, nor buy it with frankincense; for it is a sin offering.
Is it better to say, Your sins are forgiven,' or, Rise up and walk?'
He said to them, Set a feast for them. They said, We have five loaves and two fish here. But if we don't buy, why do we eat all these?
Ahaz said, I will not ask, nor testify against Yahweh.
Then king David went in, and sat before Yahweh, and said, Who am I, Yahweh God, and who am I, that you have brought me to this book?
The man said, This is the flesh of my bones, and the flesh of my flesh; and I will call her a woman; for she is brought out of a man.
It happened on the twenty-threeth day of the seventh month, that the king sent the people to their tents, and they rejoiced and rejoiced every man with his heart, because of the favor of Yahweh, which he gave to David, and to Solomon, and to his people Israel.
Most assuredly, these are the statutes and the ordinances which are brought forth, and the king doesn't do them.
Therefore I will not walk in my wrath, neither will my eyes love them, nor pity them; though they cry to my ears, I will not listen.
He who endures adversity will be afflicted, And the tongue of gentleness will break in pieces.
Those who drew near to the brook turned back, and they came to a desolate place.
We have not glorified ourselves with other labors. Our hope is multiplied in your faith. Our work is multiplied among you.
When the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, they said, This is the king of Israel, and they turned aside to fight against him. Jehoshaphat cried out, and Yahweh helped him, and Yahweh commanded them to depart from him.
He who redeems them will be mighty, and his name will be Yahweh of Armies. He will be gracious to them, and will bring peace to all the earth, and will cause the inhabitants of Babylon to tremble.
Then I said in my heart, This is what the fool has found, and I have found it. Don't I have more wisdom than they? I said in my heart, This also is vanity.
But when she turned and saw him standing, she didn't believe that he was Jesus.
Be of good courage, and let us be partners for our people, and for the cities of our God: Yahweh do that which is good in his sight.
For Yahweh can't bring this people into the land which he swore to them; therefore he has killed them in the wilderness.
This is the word of Yahweh, which he spoke by Jeremiah: wait until the land receives its rest; for it shall rest from the time of its destruction until seventy years.
They did it for the sight of all. They made the robes longer, and the skirts of their garments longer.
Even though you are a slug, and not a burnt offering, I will bring you out of my mouth.
He said, What will I do to the Kingdom of God?
They made two rings of gold, and two rings of gold, and put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate.
Every man who touches his flesh shall be holy: and if his blood is sprinkled on any garment, and it is sprinkled on him, then you shall bathe him in the holy place.
For they all saw him, and were afraid. He said to them immediately, I am you, my soul. Don't be afraid.
Weep for Saul, daughter of Israel! For he made you to be glad in scarlet, And made your garments of gold.
Jesus said to him, What do you want? He said to him, When you were king, you gave me one of my two sons to sit on your right hand, and one of your left.
You shall take a small portion of the reed of it, and lay it on the earth, and you shall not shout at it.
For you, Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel, have proclaimed to your servant, saying, I will build you a house: therefore your servant has prayed graciously to you with this prayer.
Thus shall you say to them, Those who are not gods of heaven shall perish from the earth and from the air.
But he lay still in the stern, and his disciples called him, saying, Teacher, do we have no need for you?
The boy burned incense in his bowels; and he said, Why then have I seen such a thing as this? He went and inquired of Yahweh.
The elders of Jabesh said to him, Please allow us to stay seven days, that we may send to all the borders of Israel: and if none save us, we will come out and take you.
This grace calls us to forsake the life of ungodliness, and the love of sin, and to pass over the wrath of righteousness and of godliness in this world;
Those who are great have wisdom, but those who are modest have justice.
How is the house of God with the idols set up? We are the house of the living God. As God has said, I will dwell with my people, and walk among them. I will be their God, and they will be my people.
They have prospered all their days. A few days they have brought down Sheol.
Neither have I prayed for them, Neither have I prayed for the word which I preached to them,
Don't lie, and deceive; For you have redeemed your lords and your kinsmen,
Jesus, perceiving it, said to them, Why do you despise this woman? For she did good for me.
The one cherub was five cubits long, and went out to the other side of the house: and the other cherub was five cubits long, and the cherub's wings.
No matter what it is, it shall not be feared by the adversary, that they may perish, and that you may be strengthened; for all this is the work of God.
Then I said, My strength has perished. I have no hope in Yahweh.
David said to him, Who are you? From where have you come? He said to him, I am an Egyptian young man, a servant of the Amalekites; for I was sick three days ago, and my master left me.
The Levites shall cry out to all Israel with a loud voice, saying,
Rehoboam lived in Jerusalem, and built fortified cities in the land of Judah.
Reuben answered them, Didn't I tell you, Don't harm the child by committing iniquity? but you didn't listen. Therefore the iniquity of his blood is poured out on us.
When his brothers saw that their father was dead, they said, Is it possible that Joseph hates us, and does to us all the evil that we have done to him?
They found songs, and no one made them bread, nor comforted them for the dead: they died by their own will, and no one made them drink of the cup of comfort.
Behold, there stood before him a certain scribe.
He cried to all the army of Israel, and said to them, What will you do? Am I not a Philistine, and you not Saul's servant? choose one of you, and bring him down to me.
Many years shall a man live; many years shall he rejoice; but only to the days of darkness; for many are the days of darkness. All that shall come shall be vanity.
Son of man, why is this so to you in the land of Israel, saying, There is no vision in the day?'
I will make him a desolation, and he shall be no more sown, neither shall he be redeemed any more; but he shall be cut down and cut down; and I will command the cloud to not fall on him.
He has given us this blessing. He has made all understanding sound.
Aaron was one hundred twenty-three years old when he died on Mount Hor.
God said, The heavens of the heavens shall have a light, that they may separate them day and night, and that they may be for a sign, for a sign, for a sign, for a day, for a year,
If a man has two wives, one of whom he loves, and one of whom he hates, then he shall give him a son; but the first is the son of whom he hates.
The sons of Asa the singer stood by them, and kept the doors of the gates, as David, Asaph, Heman, and Jeduthun the king's son, commanded: they shall not depart from their work; for their brothers the Levites had prepared them.
David said to the men who were with him, Take swords every man. They took swords, and David took swords. There were about two hundred men who went up with David, and two hundred kept ten things.
When they go, I will cast my net over them. I will make them fall like a bird of the sky. I will mock them according to the word of their congregation.
But Zerubbabel and Eshai, and the elders of the children of Israel, said to them, We will build the house of our God, and you shall not hinder us: we will build ourselves for Yahweh, the God of Israel, as the king of Persia, the king of Cyrus, commanded us.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
On the seventh day wash your clothes, and you shall be clean; and you shall go into the camp.
Jehoiada the priest took a reed, and put it in a reed of a reed on the side of the altar on the right side of the house of Yahweh: and the priest who kept the gate of the house of Yahweh put the money that was brought into the house of Yahweh into the reed.
My face is darkened by my tears. There is a shadow of death in my eyes.
The priest shall offer the sin offering, and kill the man who is to be cleansed, and make atonement for his uncleanness, and kill the burnt offering.
For he who gives the sheep to my Father is better than all; and no one can take them out of the Father's hand.
In those days, when the house of God was in Shiloh, the Danites took for themselves the engraved images which Micah had made.
A day goes out to his father, And to those who are redeemed.
Jerusalem, Jerusalem, you have killed the prophets, and stoned the messengers who were sent to you, whom God had sent to you. I want to gather your sons and your daughters, as a woman gathers her sons and her daughters, but you don't.
Some of the Sadducees, who didn't believe, came to him.
Yahweh said to Moses, Declare all the heads of fathers' houses of the people before Yahweh on the first day of the week, that the wrath of Yahweh may be poured out on Israel.
But they rebelled against the angel of Yahweh, and defied his word, and blasphemed his prophets, until Yahweh's wrath was kindled against his people, and there was no remedy.
and those who were numbered of them, by their families, by their fathers' houses, were twenty-six thousand six hundred thirty.
The man said to him, What commandment? Jesus answered him, Kill no one, don't commit adultery, don't steal, don't be false witnesses,
Jesus answered them, Didn't I call you twelve? There was also a demon among you.
For it is better for a man to die for the righteous, Than for the righteous to die for the wrong.
I will open my mouth and speak parables. I will speak ancient parables,
Bring to me your father, and all your household; and I will give you the good things of the land of Egypt; and you shall eat the little sea of the land.
Moreover they made strangers to inquire, from small to great, and their eyes were dim, and they didn't see; and they sought, and didn't seek.
Jacob said to him, My lord knows that if a child is born prematurely, and a ram is born prematurely, and is driven away for a day, all the flock will die.
You labor in vain, because your land has not yielded its fruit, Neither has the tree of your land yielded its fruit.
Rejoice with him, you who love Jerusalem; rejoice with him, you who mourn for it; rejoice with him, you who mourn for it;
The elders of the congregation shall lay their hands on the head of the bull before Yahweh; and they shall kill the bull before Yahweh.
The nations shall be blessed, says Yahweh of Armies; for your land shall be a pleasant land.
It happened in the year of Jehoiakim, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up: and Jehoiakim served him three years, and rebelled against him.
and the children of the strangers who are among you, and the children of those who are with you, and the children of those who are with you, and the children of those who are born with you in your land, you may buy from them, and they shall be your inheritance.
It happened, when all the people heard these words, that they said, Truly this man is the prophet.
David called a young man, and said, Put your trust in him, and kill him. He went and killed him.
Then said Asher concerning him, Blessed be Asher for his son, and the joy of their brothers, that he may lay his foot on the bread.
For, behold, the Father loves us, and has called us children of God; and we are his children in all things. Therefore the sons of men don't know us, because they don't know God.
When Ahorebah his sister saw it, she was more sexually immoral than he; and she was more sexually immoral than his rival.
It shall be, when Aaron lights the lamp, that he shall burn incense: it shall be the incense that you shall burn before Yahweh continually throughout your generations.
The wicked lift up their face, and say, He will not be saved; But all that he thinks he has is a vessel of no God.
Seven times shall you sprinkle the leprosy on him who is to be cleansed, and you shall pronounce him clean; and you shall let the living bird go into the field.
Then we possessed the land: and I gave it to the Reubenites, and to the Gadites, after Aroer, which is by the valley of the Arnon, and after half Gilead, and after the half-tribe of Gilead.
When the net was full, he hurried, and sat down; and he took the good fish, and hid it, and cast out the deadly fish.
Then I will shine a lamp on Jerusalem, and I will punish those who are numbered of the thousands, who say in their heart, Yahweh will not bring good, neither will he bring evil.
So the priests, and the Levites, and the porters, and the singers, and one third of the people, and the Nethinim, and all Israel, lived in their cities.
If his father has no brother, then he shall give his inheritance to the relatives of his people, and he shall possess it: it shall be a statute for the children of Israel to keep forever, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Samuel said to him, Thus has Yahweh broken the kingdom of Israel from you this day, that he may give it to one of your neighbors better than you.
They went every one straight before him; and where the spirit went, they went; and when they went, they didn't turn away their bodies.
He went out, and went to his father. When your father was yet a long way from them, he saw him, and was astonished at him. He ran, and kissed him continually.
But we don't fear to walk in the way of destruction, but we are saved by faith.
The sound of the cherubim spread abroad as the voice of God, the Almighty.
A man's mouth answers wisely. It is well with wise words.
That they may know that this is out of your hand, That you, Yahweh, have done it.
Therefore you shall be hungry, thirsty, naked, and have nothing to eat, to serve the enemies whom Yahweh has sent against you; and he shall put iron in your neck, until he has consumed you.
The fruit of light is wisdom, righteousness, and truth.
The sheep shall not follow the blind, but shall flee, because they don't understand the voice of the blind.
In the second month, in the second year of his coming out of Egypt, Yahweh commanded Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, saying,
If anyone sins, even if he hears the voice of a curse, then he shall be a witness: but whatever he sees or knows he shall not say, he shall bear his sin.
You say that you have counsel and strength to fight. I say that it is a waste of words. But who is he who trusts in you to rebel against me?
Abner met with the elders of Israel, and said, You desired that David should reign over you,
The pot is for silver, and the knead is for gold. The praises testify.
But concerning the Holy One, he said, God, your throne is forever, and your kingdom's dominion is uprightness.
You shall offer a young bull for a sin offering, says the Lord Yahweh, to the sons of Zadok the Levite, the priest, who come near to me to minister to me.
You shall write a letter to the angel of the assembly in Sarath, saying, Thus says he who has the seven Spirits of God and the seven stars, I know your works; that you live in truth, and that you die.
My son, don't forget my precepts. Keep my commandments in your heart.
Their yoke is calm, and they don't fear. The rod of God doesn't strike them.
The men said therefore to them, What is the name of the man who built this house?
Therefore let them be steadfast in the commandment of God, and in the truth of Jesus.
and the ark of the testimony, and its poles, and the mercy seat;
This is the Ezra who came out of Babylon according to the law which Yahweh, the God of Israel, gave Moses: he is a scribe of all the kings; and the king does to him according to all that Yahweh his God has given him.
Pharaoh dealt well with Abram for the woman: and Abram received sheep, and oxen, and donkeys, and servants, and handmaids, and donkeys, and camels.
The pots were for silver, and the wagons for gold; but Yahweh was for the heart.
But if a man keeps the word of God, then he is perfect in God's love; so that we may know that we live according to the will of God.
It happened on the next day, in the second day of the month, that David's words were left unfinished. Saul said to Jonathan his son, Why didn't the son of Jesse eat bread today and tomorrow?
But we were all given according to the breadth which Christ gave us.
All those who worship in the house, and all those who worship in the sky, who swear by Yahweh, and swear by Malcam;
He who hates me hates my Father also.
I will fill the mountains with the slain; and the slain by the sword shall fall on your lowland, and on your valleys, and on all your wells.
A angel of the Lord appeared to them by the way, and the glory of the Lord appeared to them under all their wings. They marveled greatly.
When he has shaved his house, and blotted out his hair, and the plague has returned, and has spread in the house,
and for sacrifices of peace offerings, and for a freewill offering, and for a proclamation and for a proclamation; which you delight in, you children of Israel.
For God has made him a perfect and perfect body, and he is a bond of salvation to all those who obey him forever.
You shall give your affairs to Yahweh, and trust in him, and he will make you whole.
When they have poured out their waters, the angel of the Lord will come down and strike the waters with his hand. When the waters have been struck, all things will be well with the first who falls.
Jesus said to them, I am bread of life. Those who come to me will not be hungry, Nor those who believe in me forever.
He will say, Their gods, the rock on which they trust,
Haven't you heard the words of this people? They say, He has rejected the two nations which Yahweh has chosen; therefore they despise my people, that they may no more build a kingdom before them.
It happened in the three and a half years of Asa king of Judah, that Baasha struck him, and uttered his words.
Your beautiful name shall be known among the nations, and it shall be perfect in your beauty; for I will give you my glory, says the Lord Yahweh.
I said, You are gods. You are all sons of the Most High.
For thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: There shall be no stumbling block in the midst of the house, neither shall the oil in the midst of the chamber fail until the day that Yahweh is poured out on the earth.
But Paul said to the men, We are Romans, and they have bound us in sackcloth before all the people, and put us in prison. Now will they drive us out secretly, or won't it be? Call on Caesar's servants, and bring us out.
Hear, the shepherds roar, because their glory is destroyed. Listen, the mighty lions roar, because the forest of the Jordan is desolate.
Therefore our prophecy, which we prophesied from the prophets, is stronger. Listen, for this prophecy is like a lamp that burns in darkness to the dawning of the morning, even to the appearance of a star in your heart.
The priest shall offer burnt offerings and meal offerings on the altar; and the priest shall make atonement for him, and he shall be clean.
All the vessels of the tent, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of the court, shall be of brass.
He commanded us to preach the Good News to all, that he might be judge of both the living and the dead.
and all the house of Joseph, and his brothers, and the household of his father; and their little ones, and their flocks, and their herds, were left in the land of Goshen.
You don't know him, but I know him. If I say that I don't know him, I am a liar. I know him, and have kept his word.
As we have grown in your love, let the Lord increase the love of your neighbor and the love of all men day by day.
When he had made peace, he called his disciples, and rebuked them. When he had reconciled with them, he went out into Macedonia.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David: and Joram his son reigned in his place.
Yahweh was angry with Israel, and gave them into the hand of the Philistines, and into the hand of the children of Ammon.
The handmaid is a sluggard, And the handmaid is a prostitute.
They kill widows and foreigners, And kill fatherless.
Joab the son of Zeruiah, and the servants of David, came out, and struck the pool at Gibeon: and they sat down, one on this side of the pool, and another on that side of the pool.
They poured out gold out of the ground, and weighed silver with their ear, and took silver for a signet, and fell on them, and worshiped them.
He enjoins all men, both small and great, rich and poor, free and servile, to keep them safe in the right hand and in the left.
Then his disciples said to him, Teacher, come and eat.
He took Aaron's garments, and put them on Eleazar his son: and Aaron died there, and went to his father's house.
The voice said to him the second time, Don't be defiled with the cleansing that God has given him.
For I eat my food with my mouth. I cry out like a flood.
The angel will cast him into a deep pit, and shut him up, and will shut him up with a whirlwind, that he may not return to the nations, until a thousand years are fulfilled; and after this he will surely be released for a while.
Break down your heart, and don't tear your clothes. Return to Yahweh your God; For he is gentle, merciful, without wrath, Full of goodness, and has redeemed his evil.
Yahweh said, I have sown a vineyard. There is none like me among all the people. I have sown it in my anger. I have sown it in my wrath. Their blood has poured out on my garments. I have made all my garments unclean.
Turn your yoke, and come near to me.
But he shall make the firstborn of the wife whom he hates, and shall divide the inheritance between them; for this is the beginning of his strength, and the name of the firstborn is he.
You shall not bond yourself with any animal; neither shall a woman stand before any animal; it is a holy thing.
For heaven and earth, and the earth, and all things that are in it, can't break the love which God has shown us through our Lord Jesus Christ.
A good head is better than a bad one. The strength of the heart is greater than pride.
Balak did according to the word of Balaam: and Balak and Balaam offered up a bull and a ram on every altar.
The children of Israel did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and Yahweh made Eglon king of Moab to be mighty against Israel; for they did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh.
the tent, its bed, its snuffers, its hooks, its snuffers, its snuffers, its pillars, its sockets,
The Lamb went on his way, and took the scroll out of the right hand of him who was sitting on the throne.
saying, Christ, you are a prophet. Now tell us, Who struck you?
Yahweh said to Moses, I will bring another evil on Pharaoh and Egypt, and he will drive you out of here. When he drives you out, he will drive you out from here.
Then I burned with fire your oxen which you swore to give, even your calf which you swore to give; and I made them ruddy and fine, and fine as dust; and I poured the dust on the brook that drew down from the high mountain.
He gave me a good cup, as I desired, and gave me a bowl to eat, that I might eat before my death, and bless you.
My son, offer my heart to you. Your eyes shall love my way.
Don't you, brothers, speak evil among yourselves. He who speaks evil of his brother, or he who judges his brother, is he who speaks evil of the law, and he who judges the law. But if you judge the law, you are not a lawmaker, but a lawmaker.
They said, We see that this man has deceived our people, and has made man a debtor, and a thousand a Christ, and a king.
He reigned forty-one years in Jerusalem: and his name was Maacah, the daughter of Absalom.
These are the words of Jeremiah the son of Hilkiah, the priest of Anathoth in Benjamin:
David ran, and fled to Ramah, and came to Samuel, and told him all that Saul had done to him: and he and Samuel went to Naioth.
Many friends will perish in their own time. A close friend will be nearer than a brother.
Don't the wicked know? They devour my people as they eat bread. They don't call on God.
David sent messengers to the men of Jabesh Gilead, and said to them, Yahweh bless you; for you have dealt graciously with Saul your lord, and have buried him.
He blessed Abram, saying, Blessed be Abram, Lord of heaven and earth.
Their eyes delight in robbery. They commit iniquity without end. They are a liar. Their heart is a greedy heart. They ought to be cursed.
Therefore we know that God loves us. God is love, and he who loves his life lives in God's presence.
Will you set the light on the four corners of the earth, And drive out the wicked?
When Jesus had finished praying, he stood up, and came to the disciples, and saw them, and fell asleep because of their sorrow.
The watchman said, I have seen the way in which Ahimaaz the son of Zadok flees before me. The king said, He is a righteous man, and he has come after good news.
All the acts of Asa which he did, from the beginning even to the end, were written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah and Israel.
In that day, says Yahweh, will I not destroy the wise from Edom, Nor the wise from Mount Esau?
In the day of my distress, I sought the Lord. In the night, I lifted up my hands, and didn't pray. My heart would not be comforted.
Yahweh has repaid me according to my righteousness, And according to the purification of my hands has he repaid me.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Joshua called at that time the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half-tribe of Manasseh,
He sanctified the Levites who were in Yahweh, and taught the children of Israel, saying, Put the holy ark in the house which Solomon the son of David king of Israel has built, and don't shine on your shoulders: now therefore serve Yahweh your God, and his people Israel.
One said to another, I have bought a field, and I must go and see it. Let it be known to you.'
I will stretch out my hand on Judah and on all the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and I will cut off from this place the remnant of Baal, and the name of Kamal, and the priests.
So your light shall go forth as the morning light, and your wound shall be healed; and your righteousness shall walk before you; and the glory of Yahweh shall be a shield before you.
Your children shall tremble in the wilderness forty years, and bear the iniquity of your prostitution until the destruction of your dead bodies in the wilderness.
I am the light of the world, when I am in the world.
The work of the wicked endures forever. Your judgments are in vain. He despised all his enemies.
This is not to say that we have our own possessions, but our possessions are of God.
All the six hundred men of the Danites stood at the door of the gate.
But there are some of the Jews who came out of Asia, who, if they wanted to kill me, should kill me before you.
For the children of Israel and the Levites shall bring their sacrifices, their new wine and their fat, to the chambers of the sanctuaries, the chambers of the priests, the porters, and the singers: so shall we not forsake the house of our God.
The five men who saw it went in, and took the engraved images, and the images of the priests, and the images of the houses, and the images of the vessels: and the priests and the six hundred men who were with them stood at the door.
Yahweh of Armies, my king, my God, the sparrow has found a house, and the donkey has found a son's death, even in your altar.
That we may believe in this, That we may receive all things in all.
I, Yahweh of Armies, command evil against you this day; for Israel and the house of Judah have done wickedly, and have burned incense to Baal, and have provoked me to anger; and if you do it, you shall be recompensed.
As he has glorified himself, let him mourn and be sorry; for he has said in his heart, I am king in the midst of the throne, and I am not a widow, and I will not find sorrow.
Let the heavens sing, for Yahweh has built them; the deep places of the earth a voice of gladness; the mountains a voice of singing: so shall the forest and all the trees of it be; for Yahweh has redeemed Jacob, and he will be glorified in Israel.
Have patience, that you may know the will of God, that you may receive the blessing of his promise.
All the women of the land were not as beautiful as the daughters of Job; but their father gave them inheritance among their brothers.
A voice of a horse, A voice of a chariot, A roaring of horses, A roaring of chariots,
Then they brought him to the high priest. The chief priests, the elders, and the scribes gathered themselves together.
Don't you know? Don't you remember that I made five thousand men to eat five loaves, and that the rest of them were covered with flint?
But there is a thing that will testify against me, that I have cried among them, saying, I have been judged this day for the resurrection of the dead.'
He became great, and great, and great, until he became great.
The people answered Joshua, and said, We will serve Yahweh our God, and will obey his voice.
Amaziah struck the Edomites in the valley of salt a hundred thousand; and he took Shelah, and called him Jothar, to this day.
He said to them, Is it better for the Sabbath to be a good thing, or a bad thing; to save a man's life, or to harm a man's life? They held their peace.
The house which Solomon built for Yahweh was sixty cubits long, and twenty cubits broad, and thirty cubits high.
He builds a house like a man, and digs deep. He puts the foundations on the rock. When the flood comes, it covers the house, and the house is not shaken; for the house is established.
If you will not listen to me, and keep the Sabbath as a holy day, then you shall enter into every gate of Jerusalem on the Sabbath day: and I will set a fire in every gate; and the fire shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem, and shall not be devoured.
Then Jesus passed through the field on the Sabbath day, and his disciples were hungry, and brought in water.
When he turns away from the first vow, he makes himself a witness of iniquity.
I give thanks to the strength of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has shown me faithfulness, that I should come and serve him.
For we all shall surely die, as water falls on the earth, and shall no more be able to bring it again. But Yahweh doesn't take the life of man, but he has ordained that the souls of the dead should not be driven out from him.
When you command a man for his iniquity, you shall destroy his desire as a pestilence; for the sons of men are vanity. Selah.
You have shown loving kindness to the loving one. You have shown loving kindness to the perfect one.
Yahweh, my rock, and my Redeemer, receive before you the word of my mouth, and the thought of my heart.
Who is God, other than Yahweh? Or a rock, other than our God?
When Saul saw it, he knew that Yahweh was with David, and that Michal the daughter of Saul loved him also.
He made the ephod of gold, and of blue, and purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen.
But Yahweh, who brought you up out of the land of Egypt with a mighty hand and with an outstretched arm, you shall fear him, and worship him, and sacrifice to him.
Yahweh, you see that it is little, for you have spoken of your servant's house to a long time. Yahweh God, you have dealt with me as the wisdom of a mighty man.
Why, my soul? Why do you seek after me? Look to God. I will praise him, for he is the glory of my face, and my God.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Go, tell the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, Have you not listened to me, says Yahweh?
The way of the wicked is an abomination to Yahweh; But he who seeks righteousness will love him.
There shall be no more a voice of Yahweh heard, as in that day, because Yahweh has fought for Israel.
I said to the wicked, You shall surely die: if you don't warn him, nor warn the wicked, and cause him to depart from his evil way, to save his life; that wicked man shall die in his iniquity; but I will take his life out of your hand.
He entered again into the synagogue, and there was a man with a broken hand.
There was a river, and the springs of water were in it; and it brought joy to the city of Yahweh, the sanctuary of the Most High.
Everyone goes out of the way, and walks in deceit. There is none who does good, and there is none who doesn't draw a sword.
It is better to dwell in the corner of the house, Than with a weary woman to dwell in a narrow house.
If we don't persevere, we return the second time.
You shall put on linen garments when they go in to the door of the house: you shall not put on linen garments when they go in to the door of the house, nor when they walk in the house.
It happened, when the heavens were set on fire, that Yahweh looked down from the cloud and from the pillars of fire, and saw the army of Egypt, and struck their pillars.
Yahweh has given me two tables of stone, which Yahweh has written with a pen: and the writing on them is according to all that Yahweh has spoken to you in the day of the assembly, on the mountains, and in the midst of the fire.
Who can declare his generation? For his life has been fulfilled on the earth.
I took a small amount of water, and gave you to wash your feet, and slept under your hands.
Behold, you blind men, who sit in the midst of the lion's womb. You young donkeys, lift them up, and the camels are swallowed up.
Pharaoh shall do so, and shall set a ruler over the land. In the seventh year, in the year of rejoicing, he shall take the portion of the land of Egypt,
Aaron is dying, because he can't enter into the land which I give to the children of Israel; because you have broken my commandments in the waters of Meribah.
The king was in the plains of the Jordan, between Succoth and Zalethon, in the land of clay.
I will restore your body, says Yahweh, and will heal your wounds; for they have called you a fugitive, saying, It is Zion, and no one comes to spy it.
I am the vine, and you are the branches; he who dwells in me, I will dwell in his, and will yield to him fruit abundantly; for if he is with me, you shall not do anything.
They gathered together all the people, the elders, and the scribes, and took Styphania, and delivered it to the council of the righteous.
These four men, whom the great men of Gath bore, were in the hand of David, and in the hand of his servants.
It happened in the ninth year, when the Passover was approaching, that his father and his brothers were passing through Jerusalem.
Your bows are gone forth. All the oaths of these tribes are true. Selah. You have divided the land by the river.
This is the way which Yahweh your God commanded you: do it; that you may live, and be blessed, and that you may be long in the day that you shall inherit the land.
But you, this son, the soothsayer, have divided you to all his possessions; and when he comes, you shall kill the fattened bull for him.'
They all marveled, saying, All his works were good, and he made the deaf to hear, and the mute to speak.
Jacob lifted up his eyes, and saw Esau coming, and four hundred men with him. He divided the children, and gave them to Leah, and to Rachel, and to the two handmaids.
I will keep your statutes. Don't forsake me completely.
All the Levites who were numbered of them, even Moses, Aaron, and the princes of Israel, by their families, by their fathers' houses,
For he has established your doors, And blessed the children of your midst.
Thus says Yahweh, Am I Yahweh who is near, and not far off?
Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign; and he reigned thirty-one years in Jerusalem.
My love, your lips are like the honey of a cave, and your tongue like honey. The fragrance of your garments is like the fragrance of Lebanon.
You shall give the fifth part to Pharaoh at the harvest, and the fourth part to you, for a seed of the field, and for food for you, and for the men of your houses, and for your little ones.
There was a man of Judah at the bow of Susan, Mordecai by name, the son of Jail, the son of Shimei, the son of Kish, a Benjamite.
The sword shall come on Egypt; and the Ethiopians shall be afflicted when the slain of Egypt fall; and they shall take all his people, and break down his foundations.
Let your wrath be poured out on nations that don't know you, And on nations that don't call on your name.
King Solomon appointed men out of all Israel; and the number of the men whom he appointed was three hundred thousand.
If from the counsel of the elders there are not two or three witnesses, they shall not be witnesses.
The deep says, It is not with me. The sea says, It is not with me.'
The fish of the river shall die, and the waters of the river shall be boiled up; and the Egyptians shall abhor the waters of the river.
The Lord commanded, and commanded that the good news should be preached to the women.
Aaron shall put his right hand on the head of the living goat, and shall declare on him all the evil of the children of Israel, and their disobedience, and all their iniquities, on the head of the living goat; and they shall send them into the wilderness.
Isaac lived in Rameses, when he had come from the way of Pharaoh Jehoiah.
The priest's heart was glad, and he took the priest's ephod, and the idols of the house, and the images of the engraved images, and walked among the people.
Pharaoh awoke from his sleep, and he knew that he was dreaming.
Thomas also, whose name is Titus, is one of the twelve. When Jesus came, he didn't stay there.
The word of Yahweh tested him until he had fulfilled his promise.
Then Ezra the priest arose, and said to them, You have sinned: you have taken foreign wives, and have multiplied the sins of the children of Israel.
But the children of Israel trespassed and prayed, thinking that they might be justified by the law, and not by God.
There was no end to all the work of Joseph's hand: for Yahweh was with Joseph, and he prospered in all that he did.
Now I tell you, brothers, concerning David the prophet, he is dead and buried, and his tomb is here this day.
Six days shall work be done; but the seventh day shall be a great day of rest, a holy day to Yahweh. He who works on the Sabbath day shall surely be put to death.
He shall kill the ram of the trespass offering, and the priest shall take a little of the blood of the trespass offering, and put it on the right ear of him who is to be cleansed, and on the thumb of his right hand, and on the thumb of his right foot.
I, Jesus, have sent my angel to these assemblies, to show you these things, that I am the father of David, and the son of his seed, a radiant light.
Therefore whoever denies me in the sight of man, I will deny him in the sight of my Father.
Jehoshaphat said, Isn't there here a prophet of Yahweh, that we should inquire of Yahweh by him? The servant of the king of Israel answered, Here is Elisha the son of Shaphan, who poured out the waters in the hand of Elijah.
It happened, when Abner had returned to Hebron, that Joab brought him to the gate of the city, pretending to speak to him; and he snared him there, and he died for Asahel his brother's sake.
Be strong and of good courage, for you will give this people the land for an inheritance, which I swore to their fathers to give them.
But Yahweh delights in him, and makes him afflicted; and when his life is a sin offering, he shall see his seed, and shall increase his life; and the things which Yahweh delights in him shall prosper in his hand.
Moses listened to the commandment, and took a rod before Yahweh.
The woman took Joseph's garments, and put them on him, until his lord came.
His lord said to him, Well done, good and righteous servant. I will set you over many things, though you are little. Come in and rejoice with me.'
They said to Baruch, Tell us now, With what do you write all the words that he has spoken?
They called to the king's scribe, and said, Peace be to the king of Darius.
The wind shall go where it goes, and where it goes; and you shall hear a voice, and shall not know where he comes from, but where he goes: and so shall every man who comes out of the Holy Spirit.
He went from Rameses, and passed through Bethel, and came to the midst of Bethel, and of Ai; and they sat in tents before them.
and you will send the vessels of his house before you, and you shall drink them, you, and your princes, and your stewards with you: and you shall praise the gods of silver, and of gold, and of brass, and of wood, and of stone, which you shall not see, nor hear, nor know: but you shall not glorify the God of your righteousness, who has ruled over your mouth.
Therefore hear, you who have this affliction and this iniquity, and don't do it because you have sinned.
From now on, let no one despise me, for my flesh bears the wounds of Jesus, that he may know that I am his servant.
If you will keep all the commandments which I command you this day, and will walk in them, and love Yahweh your God, and walk in his ways continually, then you shall make three cities for your house.
It happened in that day, that Achish gave him Ziklag: therefore Ziklag was king over Judah to this day.
The kings of the earth, and the rulers of it, and the captains of it, and the rich, and the wise, and all the servants, and the free, went up to the top of the hill, and to the top of the hill.
My eyes shall not preserve you, neither will I afflict you; but I will requite you according to your doings; and your abominations shall be in the midst of you. You shall know that I am Yahweh.
His lord came and said to Pharaoh's daughter, Is it good that I have come into the midst of the Hebrew women to call a nurse, and to gird you this little one?
I saw, and behold, the cherubim on their heads, and the expanse of the sky, were like precious stones, and the appearance of a throne like the appearance of a throne.
Let them pass away like a snare. Let their arrows be broken when it is about to be cut off.
My soul trembles in me. When I sit still, the fire comes up, and I speak with my mouth.
They appointed them elders in every assembly, and fasted, and prayed, and delivered them up to the Lord of their faith.
No one who calls on my Lord, the Lord, will enter into the Kingdom of Heaven; but whoever believes in my Father, he will enter into it.
Thus says Yahweh to me, Go, stand at the gates of all the people, from which the kings of Judah enter in, and go forth; and you shall stand at the gates of Jerusalem:
He brought silver and gold from Tarshish, and silver and gold from Uriah; all of them made of wood, both of silver and of silver; and blue and purple were for the garments; all of them marvellous works of art.
Now we have heard from the Son of God, and will proclaim to you this truth: God is light, and there is no darkness in him.
Hear with your ears the words of the wise. Receive my knowledge with all your heart.
Let it be said to me, Woe to you! He who is consumed with shame!
Those who desire to walk in Christ Jesus will be persecuted,
David took with him one thousand seven hundred horsemen, and two hundred footmen: and David cut off the chariots from his feet, and left him one hundred chariots.
The children of Israel said to Moses, Behold, we are dead, and we are destroyed, and we are destroyed.
Zedekiah the king sent Pashhur the son of Malchijah, and Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest, to Jeremiah, saying,
It happened after this, that David struck the Philistines, and subdued them; and he took Gath and his incense out of the hand of the Philistines.
They took him, and brought him to Anath, for he was a high priest of the people, and a doctor of Caiaphas the same year.
One of his servants answered the king, and said, Send us five horses left over, which are left in the city: behold, they are left in the city as the children of Israel; behold, they are destroyed as the children of Israel; and let us see.
His dominion is great, but not from his own dominion; and he shall do exceeding destruction, and prosper, and shall do according to his own will; and he shall destroy the rulers and the holy people.
A certain man's name was Eliezer; for Moses said, The God of my father helped me, and delivered me out of the sword of Pharaoh.
His branches shall be broken, and the woman shall burn them. For this people are fools. Therefore their God will not be merciful to them, Neither will he be gracious to them who created them.
If the pomegranate hasn't grown in its place, and hasn't been borne in its place, the priest shall pronounce him clean.
Yahweh did according to his will in heaven, and on earth, and in the midst of the sea, and in all the depths of the deep.
I will enlarge the nations, and all the nations shall come, and I will fill the house with glory, says Yahweh of Armies.
I will be to him a Father, and he will be to me a son; and I will not leave my loving kindness from him, as I did to a king from the way before me.
When he saw a fig tree by the way, he sat down, and said, There is no fruit in the tree, but a sycamore tree. He said to the fig tree, You shall not produce fruit from now on. The fig tree dried up immediately.
Then Jesus called the multitudes and the disciples to himself, and said to them, If anyone desires to follow me, let him leave his cross, and follow me.
I will make Jerusalem a heap of dust, and a dwelling place for the wild donkeys; and I will make the cities of Judah a desolation, and no man shall dwell therein.
All the loving kindness and the truth which you have shown to your servant, even the youngest, I haven't gotten. I took my rod, and passed over this Jordan, and am now two great men.
Joshua rose up early in the morning, and all Israel with him, from Shittim, and came to the Jordan; and before he had passed over, he slept there, until he had passed over the river.
Samson said to them, This time I have hurt the Philistines, and they have not sinned against me.
On Mount Zion shall flee, and shall be sanctified; and the house of Jacob shall possess it.
It happened a day later, that Eli slept in his own place: and his eyes were closed, and he could not see.
Therefore the promise is by faith, that the promise may be preserved in the grace of God, which is open to all the seed of Abraham, not just those who are circumcised, but also those who are bound to the faith of Abraham, our fathers.
It happened in the first month, on the first day of the seventh year, in the first day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Pharaoh prepared his chariot, and took his people with him,
God said to him who was clothed in linen, Go in, and take the cherubim in the midst of the wheel of the journey, and take the two sticks full of the fire of the cherubim, and lay them on the wall. Then my eyes were opened to see the man go in.
You shall take a wife, and other shall be with her; and you shall build a house, and shall not stand in it: and you shall plant vineyards, and shall not eat the fruit of it.
Saying, Where is the promise of the Lord? All our fathers are dead, but all things are new from the foundation of the world.
They came to Philip the Bethsaidite, who was in Galilee, and begged him, saying, Sir, we want to see Jesus.
The lord said to him, I tell you, I will increase the man who is found, and all that is found of him will I take away.
Samson struck them with great violence, and burned their dead bodies. He went down to dwell on the stone of Etam.
One man has faith in a spirit, and another has healing in a spirit.
Prepare yourselves, and prepare yourselves, you, and all the army that is with you; and be their captain.
Yahweh preserves all those who love him; But he will destroy all those who do evil.
Don't you remember that I made four thousand men to eat seven loaves, and to gather the remnant of them in sackcloth?
We sat by the river of Babylon, and when we saw Zion, our eyes fell on it.
For the Levite has no portion nor inheritance among you: he shall eat of it, he, and the foreigner, and the fatherless, and the widow, who dwell in your gates; so that Yahweh your God may bless you in all that you do.
When they were disappointed for their hope, they were dismayed, and came to the end.
Gideon brought the people down to the water. Yahweh said to Gideon, He who eats and drinks, as he eats, let him stand alone; and he who drinks and goes down to drink, let him stand alone.
All the vows of it, and the oath of the covenant, he shall afflict himself; and his husband shall establish it, and his wife shall cut it off.
When Jesus was angry, one looked at them, and was grieved because of them. He said to the man, Stretch out your hand. He stretched out his hand, and it went out.
Yahweh spoke to Moses the same day, saying,
He is a desolation in the waters. Their weight is cursed on the earth. He doesn't turn again to walk in the vineyards.
He will die in his youth, And their life will be as a child, And their soul will be stricken with evil.
For Israel has forgotten to build their lord. They have set their sights. The house of Judah has built strong cities. I will send a fire on them, and will burn their camp.
When he had made an end of speaking these words to them, he was taken up into heaven, and sat on God's right hand.
I will put a moss on your head, And a blue stone on your foundations, You who are afflicted, And a snare to those who can't be comforted by the wind.
When you cry with a loud voice, that your gathering may save you, the wind shall sweep them away, and the breath shall blow them up; but he who trusts in me will possess the land, and will inherit my holy mountain.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: I will judge you, house of Israel, according to all that you have done: turn from all your iniquities, that sins may not consume you.
Those who were speaking to him, they marveled at his understanding and his answer.
and he was king in the plains of the Jordan between Succoth and Zalethon, in the land of clay, and he adorned it with clay pots of clay.
He measured his length twenty cubits, and his breadth twenty cubits, before the house: and he said to me, This is the most holy thing.
Saul was very angry, and didn't delight himself in it; and he said, Give ten thousand to David, and ten thousand to me; but leave me only the remnant of the kingdom.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and serve him; and you shall swear by his name.
She cried with a loud voice, Woe to you! Woe to Babylon! Now this city is become a dwelling place for the mighty, and for all the snares of the demons, and for all the afflicted animals that are unclean and abominable.
But if a man doesn't believe in his heart, he will not receive it with joy. He who comes near to God must believe in his presence, and that he will reward those who seek him.
Nevertheless I didn't forsake them, nor abhor them, when they were in the land of their enemies; but I destroyed them utterly, so that they rebelled against my covenant which I made with them; for I am Yahweh their God.
Take heed to yourselves; for they shall deliver you up to the council, and you shall be struck in the synagogue: and you shall stand before the magistrates and the kings for my cause, to testify against them.
Then you shall lift up your face without blemish; and you shall stand, and shall not be afraid.
As he was sitting on the Mount of Olives, looking toward the temple, Peter, James, John, and Andrew asked him secretly, saying,
Egypt is full as the Nile, and its waters are as the rivers flowing. His words say, I will gird myself, and I will cover the whole land. I will destroy the cities, and the inhabitants of it.
Thus says he, not because he cares for the poor, but because he is a thief, and because he steals his authority continually.
The children of Israel and the children of Judah arose, and cried, and pursued after the Philistines to the gates of Kadesh and Ekron: and the wounded Philistines fell in the way of Shalaim to Gath and Ekron.
He also sealed us for a sign, and gave us the Holy Spirit for a bond in our hearts.
Ezra the scribe stood on the pillar of wood that they had prepared for this matter: and on the right hand of him stood Mattaniah, Shemaiah, Ananiah, Uriah, Hilkiah, and Maaseiah; and on the left hand of him Petaiah, Mishael, Malchijah, Hashim, Hashtabanah, Zechariah, and Meshullam.
A man lies down on his bed, and sleeps, until he awakes, in the dream, and in the vision of the night;
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
You shall make shields of faith at all times, that you may destroy the fire of evil birds.
When I speak to you in the darkness, speak you out of the light. When I speak to you in the ear, prophesy out of the house.
When I sing to you, My lips will lift up their voice with joy, My soul with which you have redeemed me.
But if there be a reconciliation among you, let your differences be reconciled one to another. As the Lord has reconciled you, so you also shall reconcile one to another.
The joy of a trumpet is gone, and the joy of a feast is gone, and the joy of a harp is gone.
I have made your gates of rubies, and the gates of your gates of rubies, and the border of your borders of rubies round about.
and for the sons of Aaron, the priests who lived outside of their cities, and in every city the names of those who were named, to divide the portion of the men who were to be given to the priests, and of all the Levites who were to be given to the fathers' houses.
You shall do as we commanded you, and shall be a living creature of peace, and shall bear your burdens as a worker of your own hands, and shall be a living creature of your own,
In the day of our king's feast, the princes were afflicted by the multitude; and he stretched out his hand with the multitude.
They multiplied their power, and came every man to Zion to meet God.
He who kills a man hates the upright, But he who is upright preserves his life.
Therefore my harp is a cry of mourning, And my snorting a cry.
The apostles and the believers who lived in Judea heard that the Gentiles also received the word of God.
Samuel anointed him with the oil of his horn, and anointed him among his brothers. The Spirit of Yahweh came greatly on David that day. Samuel departed, and returned to Ramah.
If you listen to the voice of Yahweh your God, and keep the commandments of the law, which are written in this law, and sanctify yourself to Yahweh your God with all your heart and with all your soul;
But our God did all things in heaven, as he desired.
It happened in the days of Josiah, that Baron Ekron king of Egypt went up against the king of Assyria against the Euphrates: and Josiah went up against him: and when the king of Egypt found Josiah in Megdoon, he killed him.
Yahweh, you are my lamp. Yahweh will shine in my darkness.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Our fathers would not listen to him, but rejected him, that he might return into Egypt.
Now therefore, O king, accept my affliction with joy, and turn away your iniquities with righteousness, and put away your transgressions with compassion for the poor; that your peace may be extended.
and cut off the horns of its young lions, and brought them to the rams, and put them in the cities of the horsemen.
It happened in the first year of king Cyrus, that Cyrus the king issued a decree concerning the house of God which is in Jerusalem, saying, Build the house, that it may be a place for the sacrifice, and that the foundations of it may be established: the height of it shall be sixty cubits, and the breadth sixty cubits;
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: If a prince gives his inheritance to one of his sons, it is his inheritance, and passes it on to his sons, they shall inherit it.
The Kingdom of Heaven was like a parable: ten virgins went out with lamps to meet the bridegroom.
Thus will I break down the walls of your blood, and will break them to the floor, so that the walls shall fall, and you shall perish therein; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Isaac was born eight days old, and Abraham circumcised his son according to the commandment of God.
He gave the one thousand pieces of silver to his mother; and she said to him, I have given the money out of my hand to Yahweh for my son, that I may write a song, and sing a song; and I will continue to deliver it to you.
or the image of a bird in the sky, or the image of a creeping thing on the earth, or the image of a fish in the waters of the earth.
But of the tribe of Levi you shall not number; neither shall you number their portions among the children of Israel.
As it is written, God has cloaked their spirit to this day, and their eyes have not seen, nor their ears heard.
Hear me, house of Jacob, All you who are left of the house of Israel: From birth you have made me dead, From the womb you have made me sick.
Son of man, set your face toward the mountains of Israel, and prophesy against them;
The woman is grieved when she bears a child, because her period is past. When the child is born, she forgets the affliction of a child, because she delights in the birth of a child in the world.
All the people will hear, and fear. They will walk no more steadfastly.
The seven angels who were numbered of them came to me, one of them, saying, Come, and I will show you the great prostitution, which is built in the great city, which is to be judged by the river.
But as for the Jews, I was a hypocrite to Caesar, but I didn't intend to testify against my own people.
Be merciful to me, Yahweh, That I may rise again and be strong, That I may repay them.
The princes put it in the chamber of Elishama the scribe, and went in to the king into the court, and told all these words to the king.
Pharaoh said, Tomorrow. Moses said, Let it be according to your word, that you may know that there is none like Yahweh our God.
But the king of the children of Ammon would not listen to the voice of Jephthah, who sent to him.
He entered into Jerusalem, and entered into the temple, and looked around, and saw a sign. When it was evening, he went out with the twelve, and came to Bethany.
Jotham slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David: and Ahaz his son reigned in his place.
It happened at the threshing floor of Kidron, that Uzzah stretched out his hand over the ark, because the ox fell.
All our enemies have opened their mouths to us.
Blessed is he who helps the needy. Yahweh will deliver him in the day of trouble.
In midst of you will be revealed the nakedness of your father; and in midst of you will be profaned the uncleanness of the month.
He who lives and believes in me will never die. Do you believe?
So the children of Israel prayed, and said, You are Yahweh, but you are Yahweh: you have made heaven and the heaven of heavens, and the army of the sky, the earth and the earth, the sea and the sea; and the army of the heavens worshiped you.
and they sacrificed to the graves of it, and burned incense to the graves of it, because they had obtained from them fat and beautiful portions, and goodly food.
But you, brothers, are not in darkness. That day will not come to you like a thief.
He hears in the field things which he can't speak, things which a man can't speak.
But if they will listen, and every man departs from his evil way, I will bring their evil on them, for their wickedness which they have done.
But if you are of this world, the world will love you, because you are not of this world, and I have chosen you out of the world; therefore the world will hate you.
Don't be like them; for your need is known to the Father, before you ask.
God came to Balaam, and said to him, Who are these who are with you?
If the spirit of the dominion is against you, don't depart from your words; for the river won't endure great calamity.
Pharaoh said to him, What lack have you here, that you should return to your own country? He said to him, I lack nothing, but let me return.
He said to me, Great love, Daniel, understand what I have said to you. Arise, for I am sent to you. When he had spoken to me, I stood up straight.
Joram took all the chariots, and passed over to Zerui, and rose up early in the night, and struck the Edomites who surrounded him, and the captains of the chariots; and the people fled, and returned to their tents.
The liars and the honorable are the first, And the prophets who teach lies are the last.
Be strong, that God may consider you a robber, a lowly worker, and a faithful witness of the truth.
that I may rejoice in the day of Christ; for I am not a liar, and none of my labor is vain.
Solomon built the cities which Hiram had given Solomon, and made Israel to dwell therein.
Give thanks to Yahweh with a harp, And praise him with ten cymbals.
He called all the chief priests and the scribes of the people together, and said to them, Where is Christ born?
Arise, sword, against my shepherds, and against him who is with me, says Yahweh of Armies: strike the shepherds, and the flock shall be scattered; and I will turn my hand, and strike the little ones.
When all Israel saw that the king didn't listen to them, the people said to the king, What portion have we in David? We have nothing to do with the sons of Jesse: return, Israel, to your tents, David; and the children of Israel returned to their tents.
Now therefore choose you out of the tribes of Israel twelve men, one man out of each tribe;
They said to Joshua, We are your servants. Joshua said to them, Who are you? From where have you come?
Remember, Yahweh, how I have walked before you with a perfect heart, and with truth, and with the good that you have seen. Hezekiah wept bitterly.
For one man's disobedience, all men are sinners; and for another man's obedience, all men are righteous.
The money that is redeemed from the house of the people shall be Aaron's and his sons'.
He was fearful of God, a man of godliness, and a man of a multitude of the poor and needy, and prayed continually to God.
He had a son, Saul by name, a mighty man of valor, and a good looking head; and there was none like him in Israel: and he had a higher head than all the people.
Samuel said to Saul, Why do you frighten me, and raise me up? Saul said, I am afflicted to the end; for God has not departed from me, neither has he answered me with prophets, or with dreams: therefore please come, that I may show you what I shall do.
But Jesus answered them, Come after me, and go out and bury those who are dead, and bury them.
The word of Yahweh came to Jonah the son of Amittai, saying,
Then I will make this house like Shiloh, And this city a curse to all the nations of the earth.'
But if these are in my heart, they are hidden from my face.
But David, the ark of God, was brought from Kiriath Jearim to David for his preparation; for he had pitched a tent for God in Jerusalem.
Come, let us walk in the darkness and in the shadow of death, Let our feet enter into the way of peace.
I lifted up my hands toward heaven, and said, I tell you my eternal life:
A fool is wise if he holds his peace, But he who doesn't hold his peace is wise.
but Solomon was made king.
So the field and the fields were given to Abraham for an inheritance from the Hittites, for a burial ground.
But his heart was proud, and his holy one proud; and he walked in pride: and he took away his throne, and took away his glory.
Jacob took the green trees, and the palm trees, and the sycamore trees, and the olive trees, and the pomegranates; and he covered the innards with white, and made the branches of the innards white.
He who blesses Yahweh will inherit the promised land. He who curses him will perish.
There is great fear for the wicked, But God is in the midst of the righteous.
He delivered their livestock to hail, And their flocks to lightning.
It happened in those days, that after two full years his horn came out for the plague, and he died; and his people didn't burn his offerings, as they burned his fathers.
Therefore, beloved, you all have obeyed me when I was with you: now I am not with you, but you obey. Be afraid, trembling, and bringing your salvation to pass.
It happened on the first day of the first month, that he traveled from Babylon, and on the fifth day of the fifth month he came to Jerusalem; for the hand of God was kindled on him.
Go, gather together the elders of Israel, and tell them, Yahweh, the God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, of Isaac, and of Jacob, has appeared to me, saying, Most assuredly I have listened to you; and I have seen what they have done to you in Egypt.
But he who hates his brother or his sister lives in darkness. He lives in darkness, and doesn't know his fortunes, because the darkness has blinded his eyes.
These are the boards of the tent of meeting, and the bars of it, and the pillars of it, and the troughs of it, and all its vessels, and all its service:
Therefore the first priests, and all those who went in to the house of Ashdod, didn't tread on the first stumbling block until this day.
I give you my full attention, lest my labor in the midst of you fail.
This is Yahweh who answers me, Who subdues the peoples.
He said, If you will listen diligently to the voice of Yahweh your God, and to do that which is right in the eyes of Yahweh, and listen diligently to his commandments, and to keep all his statutes, then you shall not find what I have caused to happen to the Egyptians; for I am Yahweh who heals you.
He made the altar of burnt offering of acacia wood. Its length was five cubits, and its breadth five cubits; and the height of it was three cubits.
Thus says Yahweh: As I have brought this great evil on this people, so will I bring on them all the blessing that I have promised them.
I shall die in this land, and I shall not pass over the Jordan; but you shall pass over to the good land.
Pharaoh said, I will let you go, and sacrifice to Yahweh your God in the wilderness; but don't go far; but pray to me.
These are the statutes and the ordinances, which Yahweh, the God of your fathers, gives you to walk in all your days in the land which Yahweh your father gives you to possess it:
Their kings and their princes shall go into captivity together, says Yahweh.
Job answered,
The wicked will be in Sheol, And the nations that don't remember God will be like them.
For Yahweh your God, he who goes with you, will fight against you and against your enemies, and will save you.
But you shall not build a house; but the son of your seed shall build a house for my name.'
The wind came out of Yahweh, and blew the sand from the sea, and fell on the edge of the camp about a day's journey, and on the edge of the camp about a day's journey: and all the camp died round about, and you were about two cubits away.
Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, to build him a house, with cedar wood, and with dust, and with water.
Yahweh is my light and my salvation. Who am I afraid of? Yahweh is the strength of my life. Who am I afraid of?
You shall eat no blood; so shall you do that which is right in the eyes of Yahweh; and you shall be blessed, you, and your seed with you.
Beloved, don't believe any spirit, but testify to him, that he is not of God; for many false prophets have appeared in this world.
The cloud arose out of the tent, and behold, Milam was leprosy like snow. Aaron saw Milam, and behold, he was leprosy.
Cry aloud, you shepherds! Claim it in the midst of the fire! For the day of your slain and of your dispersed is at hand. You will fall like a man's kneading trough.
For I say this, every man has his own interpretation. Some say, I am Paul's; some, Apollos'; some, Peter's; and some, Christ's.
For Yahweh is he who made the heavens, and he is God, who sits on the earth, and works them out, and strengthens them; he is not vanity, but he who makes them to dwell. Thus says he, I am Yahweh, and there is none else.
He rebuked the sea, and dried it up, and made all the rivers clean: and Bashan and Carmel were destroyed, and the flower of Lebanon was destroyed.
You shall not go in to a drunken man, Neither shall you go in to a drunken man.
So the king of Israel and the king of Judah and the king of Edom went on their way seven days: and the army and their livestock had no water to drink.
It happened, when the princes had come near, that all the virgins slept.
Thus and thus says Yahweh: Who will entice Ahab, that he should go up to Ramoth Gilead, and die there?
The children of Gershon were numbered by their families and by their fathers' houses.
He who saves a man from his wrath brings shame on himself. He who rebukes the wicked brings shame on himself.
Remember how you threw me into the mire. Did you cause me to return to the mire?
The Spirit entered into me, and made me stand up. He spoke with me, and said to me, Go, and shut yourself up in your house.
The children of Israel did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, and they forgot Yahweh their God, and served the Baals and the Ashtaroth.
Because they were many, and couldn't come near to Jesus, they tore a piece of the wall that was over Jesus' house, and threw down the stumbling block.
and from the rulers of the Good News, because you will receive them, and they will be rejected; therefore they are God's enemies; and from the rulers of the judgment, because God has proclaimed to their fathers the promise; therefore they are God's beloved.
As for the earth, the bread comes forth from it. Its surface is like a burning fiery furnace.
Though sin is sweet in his mouth, Though he is hidden in his tongue;
All the nations shall say, Yahweh is king. The world shall be established, and shall not shake. He will judge all the peoples according to justice.
I will make Judah my bow, and Ephraim my anchor on the bow: and I will raise up your people against the people of Javan, Zion, and will make you like the sword of a mighty man.
You shall command our own men to learn good things, that they may help those who need them, that there may be no fruit.
If you will keep all the commandments which I command you, and do them, and love Yahweh your God, and walk in all his ways, and keep his ordinances;
one male goat for a sin offering;
Yahweh, you will bless the righteous. You will cover him with kindness like a shield.
Of the tribe of Zebulun twelve thousand, Of the tribe of Joseph twelve thousand, Of the tribe of Benjamin twelve thousand.
We had sailed many days, and were very cautious, because the fast was past.
They ate Jezebel in the field of Jezreel, and no one buried her.' The young men opened the gate, and fled.
You shall number seven and seven days for yourselves; and from the time that you cut off the thorns from off you, you shall number seven and seven days.
He said, Yahweh has sworn. Yahweh will fight with Amalek continually.
Have any said to God, I have been rebuked, and have not sinned?
The wall of the city was made of acacia wood; and the city itself was made of pure gold, like fine twined linen.
There shall be habitation in it, and there shall be no curse any more; and Jerusalem shall be in peace.
When Jesus heard that John was taken into custody, he fled into Galilee.
This shall be a statute forever; and he who sends a man away with a lame sin shall wash his clothes; and whoever touches the lame sin shall be unclean until the evening.
It is a day appointed by Yahweh. Let us rejoice and be glad in this day.
So Judah went, and Yahweh delivered the Canaanites and the Perizzites into their hand.
He said to another, Follow me! He said, Lord, let me go and bury my father.
I have sinned. Why do I labor in vain?
You shall obey Yahweh your God, and fear him, and keep his commandments, and hear his words, and serve him, and remain in him.
Behold, Zion, the city of our feasts! Your eyes shall see Jerusalem as a quiet house, and as a tent of unleavened bread: its bars shall not go forth, neither shall its cords be broken.
saying, If Esau comes against this great one, then the other great one shall flee.
There you shall remember your ways and your doings, which you have profaned from them, and shall abhor yourselves for all your wickedness which you have done.
When you offer this to Yahweh for your life's sake, don't let the rich go out of it, neither let the poor go out of it, and everyone out of his good cup.
He built an altar there, and called his name El Erohe, Israel.
Saul's servants rebuked him, saying, Thus and thus has David spoken.
For I am with you to deliver you, and to utterly destroy the nations from which I have driven you, says Yahweh; but to utterly destroy you will I rebuke you, and will not requite you, says Yahweh.
They desire to be high in the feasts, And high in the synagogues;
So the people went out to take the camp of the Syrians: and the fine flour was one shekel, and the barley one shekel, according to the word of Yahweh, both of them.
For the house of Israel and the house of Judah play the prostitute against me, says Yahweh.
Cursed be he who sits with the elders. All the people shall say, Amen.
When you have fulfilled all these days, stand on your right hand, and bear the iniquity of the house of Judah: and I will give you forty days, one day, and a year.
Brothers, concerning the Lord's coming and his coming, I will not write in a book.
The inhabitants of this city shall come to the city, saying, Let us hurry, and seek the favor of Yahweh, and seek Yahweh of Armies; and if it be me, I will also go.
He makes you humble, and makes you hungry. He gives you a manna that you didn't know, that your fathers didn't know, that you may know that man doesn't live by bread alone, but by all the words of Yahweh's mouth.
Call thus, and I will answer; Or tell me, Answer me.
He has a cloud over the sky. He has prepared the waters for the earth. He has made the mountains swell.
Solomon answered him according to all that he asked him, and there was nothing that Solomon didn't know to tell him.
By the help of the Holy Spirit, you also are made a dwelling place for God.
Thus shall you do, as you have done this day, says Yahweh, to make atonement for you.
For I know that he who redeems me is the living God. He will stand on the ground in the daytime.
But you shall preserve the young women who are with men in the flesh for your own sake.
Be careful, for you don't know what day is coming to your Lord.
For all hidden things will be revealed. All secret things will be revealed.
The border shall go up from Abbin to the brook of Egypt, and shall go up to the sea.
It happened, when he saw it, that he baked bread on the flame, and a pitcher of water was on his head; and he ate and drank, and fell down afterward.
Sing, you who don't have a son. Sing, you who don't have a son. Sing, you who don't have a son. Sing, you who don't have a son. For a woman who has a husband has a son more than a wife, says Yahweh.
Go up to the house on the mountain, and plant it, and I will rejoice in it, and be glorified, says Yahweh.
You shall not take it for money, neither shall you take it for bread.
Jeroboam said in his heart, Now will this kingdom be over the house of David.
I have not taken the oxen from your herd, Nor the goats from your flock.
For you don't remember Yahweh your salvation, Nor the rock of your strength; Therefore you know the fig tree of your heart, And the other trees that are therein.
A man comes and tells his master, Don't you plant a good seed in your field, my brother? Where are the pigeons?'
When the morning had come, Jesus went away into a deserted place, and a multitude came to him, and when they found him, they left him, saying, Don't let him go from them.
Sing to Yahweh, praise his name! Declare his salvation day and night!
His forest and the glory of his fruitful land have consumed him from the soul even to the flesh, and his body is become like a man who is sick.
If they are ashamed of all that they have done for themselves, write you before their eyes all the plagues of this house, and its appearance, and its outward place, and its outward place, and its outward appearance, and its outward appearance, and its outward appearance, and its outward appearance, and its outward appearance; that they may do according to all their plagues, and according to all their outward appearance.
So they took every man his censer, and put fire in it, and put the censer on it; and Moses and Aaron stood at the door of the Tent of Meeting.
They have given me a savior, I and your spirit. Honor such a man.
Woe to you! For you are a tomb to the prophets who were slain for your fathers!
Therefore I tell you, don't wait for your life to eat and to drink, or for your body to put on anything. Isn't your life more precious than food? Isn't your body more precious than clothing?
There will be on the earth a nation like your people Israel, whom Yahweh has redeemed to be his people, to give you a name exceeding great and mighty; for you have driven out your people from before your people, whom you have redeemed to come out of Egypt.
David said to Solomon his son, Be strong, and do it; don't be afraid, neither be dismayed; for Yahweh God, my God, is with you; he will not leave you, nor forsake you, until all the work of the house of Yahweh be accomplished.
Many of the multitude prophesied about him, saying, He is a good man. Others said, No, but he stirred up the multitude.
I appoint Saul king for his sake, because he has turned away from following me, and has not kept my commandments: and Samuel prayed to Yahweh with all his heart all the night.
The children of Benjamin didn't drive out the Jebusites who lived in Jerusalem: and the Jebusites remained in Jerusalem with the children of Benjamin to this day.
Others tried to deceive him, asking him to do signs out of heaven.
He fell at his feet, and rose up before the sun, and didn't know it. He said, Let no man know that a woman is come to the threshing floor.
Now therefore we know that you know all things, and don't let anyone ask you. For this cause we believe that you are from God.
He said to them, Go and tell the donkey, Behold, this day, and tomorrow, I will execute my work, and I will be sick, until the third day.'
You also came down on Mount Sinai, and spoke with them out of heaven, and gave them a righteous law, and a righteous law, and good statutes, and commandments;
Thus shall you tell the prophet, What has Yahweh answered you? What has Yahweh said?
Then the king of Israel called a ruler, and said, Go, call Micaiah the son of Imlah.
From the rising of the sun, and from the going down of the sun, it shall be known that there is none other than me: I am Yahweh, and there is none else but me.
All your enemies have opened their mouth to you. They have lifted up their hands, and lifted up their mouths, saying, We will swallow him up. This is the day of our hope. Now we have found it, and we have seen it.
All these things are abominations of poverty and affliction.
He brought Aaron's sons; and Moses sprinkled some of the blood on their right ear, and on the thumb of their right hand, and on the big toe of their right foot: and Moses sprinkled some of the blood on the altar round about.
They were numbered by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the males: and the number of those who were numbered of them from a month old and upward was six thousand two hundred.
The temple of God opened in heaven, and the temple of God saw the ark of his covenant; and there came down thunders, and cymbals, and thunders, and cymbals, and tumults.
They looked around, and didn't see any, but Jesus was with them.
For Damascus was the head of Syria, and Rezin the head of Damascus: in sixty-five years Ephraim shall be destroyed, so that it shall not be a nation.
On the seventh day the priest shall examine him; and if it spreads on the skin, the priest shall pronounce him unclean. It is leprosy.
If there be a grievous thing, they shall stand and judge; and they shall judge according to my judgment; and in all my Sabbaths shall I keep my statutes, and my Sabbaths shall be holy.
He returned with his father and his mother to Nazareth, and bore them. His mother wrote all these words in her mind.
We will not have possession with them on the other side of the Jordan any more; for our possession is on this side eastward of the Jordan.
Most assuredly, I love to speak with the Almighty. I delight in the ways of God.
Yahweh, the God of Israel, why is this in Israel this day, that there is a tribe in Israel?
For when they went into the valley of Eshcol to see the land, they made Israel to burn it, and they didn't want to go into the land which Yahweh gave them.
On the south side, according to their divisions, was the great day of the camp of Reuben: and Elizul the son of Shitiul was prince over the children of Reuben.
But Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem humbled themselves, because they were proud, so that the wrath of Yahweh didn't come on them in the days of Hezekiah.
If the rewarder pursues after him, they shall not deliver the slain man into his hand; for he has slain his neighbor wrongfully, and doesn't hate him at all.
and it was told me that Saul was dead, and that he had taken him for a good sabbath; and I killed him in Shechem; for I had given him for a sabbath.
You shall make a covering of fine linen for them, and you shall feed their nakedness: and you shall stretch out your waist even to the thigh.
You have made us a prey among the nations, And made all the peoples to shake their heads at us.
Therefore Solomon sought to kill Jeroboam; and Jeroboam fled to Egypt, and came to Sishak king of Egypt; and he abode in Egypt until Solomon was dead.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: This people spoke of the house of Yahweh, and that time has not come.
The Moabites were slain at that time about a thousand men of valor, all of them mighty men of valor: there was not a man who escaped.
Yahweh is my rock, and he is worthy to be praised. He has stretched out my hand, and fought, until there was a scourge and a murder in my seed.
Son of man, prophesy, and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh concerning the children of Ammon, and concerning their deeds: The sword, and the sword that comes forth, have come forth to kill, and to destroy, as a lightning that devours.
Joash slept with his fathers, and was with the kings of Israel in Samaria: and Jeroboam his son reigned in his place.
You shall take of every offering a sacrifice to Yahweh for a wave offering; and it shall be given to the priests who offer the blood of the peace offerings.
The ship traveled many days, and came into the sea of Canaan. Because the wind was strong, we believed in the side of Canaan, and went over from Samoa.
The Gileadites, and all the princes of Gilead, said one to another, Who shall go first against the children of Ammon? The man shall be chief of all Gileadites.
But the men didn't listen to him; and he took his young lady away from them, and they fought with him, and made him a reproach all night, and let him go until the morning light.
Peter brought them into the house, and let them stay all night. On the next day Peter went with them, and some of the brothers of Joppa followed him.
It happened on the next day, that Moses entered into the Tent of the Exodus; and behold, the rod of Aaron, of the house of Levi, was broken, and the blood was shed, and the blood was poured out.
David reigned over Israel forty years; and he reigned seven years in Hebron, and thirty-three years reigned he in Jerusalem.
David inquired of Yahweh; and Yahweh said, Don't put your trust in anyone; but turn your ear toward them, and strike them with your right hand and with your left.
He who enters into the world, and dies, will also die; and he who is a thief will die; for he who is a thief will sin.
Whoever forgets God's servant, his way is the same. He who is ungodly, his hope is gone.
The heavens were opened, and many died, and their bodies rose up.
The king's counsellors, who carried the king's letters, and his princes, went through the land of Israel and Judah, according to the king's commandment, and said, Return again to Yahweh, the God of Israel, you children of Israel; and he will return to the remnant of the kings of Assyria from under the hand of the kings of Assyria.
As the whirlwind passes by, As the eagle flies by,
Esther's counsel and her supplication came to him: and the king was grieved, and put on his garments, and put them on Mordecai's garments, and wanted to take off his robe; but he took it.
I will speak to you, and you shall speak to the people who are therein, and to the elders of my people: if you will redeem it, redeem it; and if you will not redeem it, tell me; for you have no other to redeem it; and he said, I will redeem it.
Every man had blue, purple, scarlet, linen, goats' hair, and any skin of rams, and sea cow hides.
Yahweh did according to the word of Moses: and all the frogs that were in the house among them died.
So all Israel departed from David, and went after Sheba the son of Bichri: but all Judah remained after his king from the Jordan to Jerusalem.
When the kings of Hadarezer saw that they were slain before Israel, they cooperated with Israel, and subdued them: and the Syrians would not help the children of Ammon any more.
David commanded to gather together the strangers who lived in the land of Israel, and to set aside the stones for the building of the house of Yahweh.
Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and the rest of the people, escaped out of the hand of Johanan, and fled into the land of Ammon.
One of the young men came and told Moses, saying, Ildad and Bedad prophesy in the camp.
There is a way that is right in your eyes, And a way that leads to death.
For he doesn't allow any to come to him concerning men's affairs, For he knows the hearts of men.
You shall not eat the blood of a bird, or of an animal, in all your dwellings.
David went and struck Moab, and put them on the ground; and he measured with the rod, and measured two lengths of cord, and put him to death; and he measured one length of cord, and lived. The Moabites turned to David, and glorified him.
Ask a sign from Yahweh your God, That he may ask him in the depths of the deep, and in the heights of the sky.
Turn us, Yahweh, to you, and we will turn again. Refresh our days, as in the days of old.
Run out of Jerusalem, men of Benjamin, and blow a trumpet in Tecumah, and let the smoke go out of Beth Hachimerem; for evil and great destruction are come down from the north.
Some of them will go as fast as a sword, And will go as fast as a sword, And will devour the afflicted of the earth, And the poor of the world.
Then the king will tell those who are on the other side, Depart from me, you cursed men, and enter into the eternal fire prepared for the devil and for his angel.
For we are not many who slander the word of God, but one faithful man, sent by God, who prophesies in Christ.
We will cut down trees from Lebanon, as you desire, and put them in baskets in the sea, and will bring them to Joppa; and you shall bring them to Jerusalem.
Daniel said, I have seen visions in the night; and behold, the four winds of the sky are whirling, and they are blowing on the great sea.
The snares shall not be right for him, Nor the snares of the sea shall be counted any more.
He broke down his yoke like a flower, And destroyed the place of his assembly. The appointed feasts and the Sabbaths are forgotten in Zion. Yahweh has made it so, And has defied kings and priests in his wrath.
Then he looked at those who sat around him, and said, These are my mother and my brothers.
Yahweh was angry with Aaron, to destroy him; and I also prayed for Aaron that same hour.
For this reason, I have set my heart on you, that you may be blessed in yourselves.
They didn't understand the saying, for they had hidden it from them, so that they couldn't understand it. They didn't ask him about the saying.
It happened in the third month, in the first day of the month, when the children of Israel had come forth out of the land of Egypt, that they came into the wilderness of Sinai.
Remember what happened to the wife of Lot.
Nathan spoke to David according to these words, and according to the signs.
For everyone of you has the right to proclaim the word of God, to learn and to teach, and to be in fellowship with one another.
They shall teach Jacob your law, and Israel your law: and they shall put incense before you, and all these burnt offerings on your altar.
and the children of Israel went in, and struck two men, the men who struck the man and his wife. So the pestilence ceased among the children of Israel.
The king gave to the king one hundred twenty talents of gold, and many spices, and precious stones; and no spices were given to the king, as did the king of Solomon, who gave to the king of Sheba.
Moses and Aaron went in, and said to Pharaoh, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Let my people go, that they may watch me in the wilderness.
Every herd, and every flock, and every firstborn, and every work, you shall sanctify to Yahweh your God: the firstborn of any herd shall not work, nor the firstborn of any flock shall have no gate.
Therefore don't set your face against a feast, or against a feast, or against a Sabbath, or against a Sabbath.
You have killed many in this city, And filled the streets with dead bodies.
Tamar said to him, Don't do so; for you have driven me out to kill me more than you have dealt with me. But Amnon would not listen to him.
Judge your servants in heaven, and put the iniquity of the wicked on his head, and the righteousness of the righteous on his righteousness.
Thus says Yahweh to me: Can a man fall, and not rise up? Can a man run, and not return?
He led them through the desert, and they didn't find them. He brought forth waters out of the rock, and the rock was broken, and waters came out. The wicked shall not be in peace, says Yahweh.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, You shall not go down to your bed again, but shall surely die.' Elijah went.
Then Hanani the prophet came to Asa king of Judah, and said to him, Because you trust in the king of Syria, and don't trust in Yahweh your God, therefore the army of the king of Syria has escaped out of your hand.
Don't let him who is in trouble say, I am blasphemed by God; for God doesn't blaspheme, neither does he himself blaspheme.
Let one evil man rule over him, And one enemy stand on his right hand.
In the twelveth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel began Ahaziah the son of Joram king of Judah to reign.
Asa did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh his God, and did it uprightly:
The wisdom of God is exceedingly deep, and the knowledge exceedingly abundant. His judgments are exceedingly broad, His ways exceedingly narrow.
Then arose Eliashib the high priest, and the priests of his brothers, and built the sheep gate, and sanctified it, and set up the doors of it, to the tower of Hameah, and to the tower of Hananel, and sanctified them.
He made the hooks of the one thousand seven hundred seventy-five shekels of silver; and he made the hooks of the hooks, and made the hooks of them.
Take heed to David your servant, And don't forsake your anointed king.
I lived before there was no law, but the commandment came down, and the waters arose, and I died.
The king and his men came to Jerusalem against the Jebusites who lived in the land: and they said to David, If you don't cut off the blind and the lame, you shall not enter into the land. They said, David shall not enter into the land.
From the first day even to the last day Ezra read the law of Yahweh every day: and all the people were baptized seven days, and to the eighth day a solemn assembly, according to the ordinance.
Behold, I am doing a new thing. Don't you know that? I will open a way in the wilderness, And a river in the desert.
Turn my eyes from falsehood, That I may walk in your ways, and live.
These are those who are called by God to be witnesses of Jesus Christ.
I have appointed Aholiab the son of Ahisatbuat, of the tribe of Dan, to be with him: and to every wise heart I have given wisdom in their heart, that they may do all that I command you.
Yahweh said to Joshua, I have taken away this day the reproach of Egypt from you. So the name of that place was Gilgal to this day.
You have multiplied the land which I tread. My feet haven't trodden.
The man said to my father, You have borne a son. It makes him glad. Let him be cursed.
Herod was exceedingly angry with Tyre and Sidon. Therefore they gathered themselves together to Herod, and bowed themselves down to the river by Barassitoth the king's servant, who was over the king's house; for they were exceedingly puffed up from the king's dominion.
You shall take a rod, and you shall gather the congregation together with Aaron your brother; and before their eyes you shall command the rock to give water; and you shall cause the water to come out of the rock for the people, that the congregation may drink of it, and their livestock.
They arose out of Midian, and came to Balaam; and they brought some men with them out of Balaam to Egypt, to Pharaoh king of Egypt: and Pharaoh gave them a house to dwell in, and gave them food to eat, and gave them land.
A foolish son is sorrow to his father, And there is no joy in the father of fools.
They talked about the things which they had done.
For you did not do so; for Yahweh our God has rebuked us, because we didn't seek him according to our appointed way.
He made two pillars of brass before the house: their height was thirty-five cubits, and the height of all the pillars was five cubits.
Samuel said to the potter, Take the pot which I have given you, and bring it out.
Then the prophet said to him, I am also a prophet, and I am with you: and the angel has said to me in the word of Yahweh, Bring him with you to your house, that he may eat bread and drink water.' The prophet has deceived him.
But I rebuke you for a thing, that you have forsaken my love.
My fellow workers, Micah, and Aristarchus, and Tema and Reka, greet you.
On every side of the throne were twenty-six lords, and on every side twenty-six elders, clothed in white, with crowns of gold around their heads.
Yahweh builds the earth with wisdom, And the heavens with understanding.
Then they called to the gatekeepers of the city, and said to them, We have come to the camp of the Syrians, and behold, there is not a man there, neither is there any prophet; but there is a horse, and a donkey, and the tent is as it is written.
The Kingdom of Heaven is like a vineyard, where a master goes out to work early in the morning.
They prayed, and said, Lord, you know everyone's heart, show us which of these two is yours.
When I scatter them among the nations, And scatter them among the nations, They shall know that I am Yahweh.
Whatever you do, do it with your whole heart, as you serve the Lord, and not men.
Remember the old things. For I am God, and there is no other. I am God, and there is no other who is worthy of me.
They baked the Passover in the order of their appointment with fire. When they had made their sacrifices with pots, and with kneading troughs, and with plowshares, they hurried, and brought them to the people.
When Asa heard these words, and the prophecy of Ogdiat the prophet, he arose, and took away all the abominations from all the land of Benjamin in Judah, and from all the cities of the hill country of Ephraim, and built the altar of Yahweh before the door of Yahweh.
Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and the priests of his brothers, and Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and his brothers, rose up, and went up to the altar of the God of Israel, to offer burnt offerings thereon, as Moses the servant of Yahweh had written in the book of the law.
Is Abraham righteous in the moment? Is he circumcised, or is he? Is he circumcised, or is he?
The people mourned for Benjamin; for Yahweh raised up a horn for the tribes of Israel.
The feast of unleavened bread, also called The Passover, is at hand.
It happened, when Jerusalem was in trouble, that the Edomites said, Break it down! Break it down to the foundations! Remember that day, Yahweh.
But this seed has no depth, neither does it live; but when it is afflicted and perishes, immediately it is forsaken.
God said, Gather the waters of the heavens together to a place, and they shall appear on the dry land. He did so.
You shall be blessed above all peoples: there shall not be a male among you, neither shall there be a female among you, neither shall there be a male among you.
It happened, when David came to Ziklag, that he took the rod out of the midst of the spoil, and sent it to the elders of Judah his friend, saying, Behold, these have been taken from the enemies of Yahweh, and given you for a present.
The Philistines gathered themselves together, and encamped in Shunammite; and Saul gathered all Israel, and encamped in Gilboa.
There were four brass hooks in each one, and four brass sockets in each one; and the four corners of the basin had snuffers, and they were snuffers under the basin, and on every socket was a lintel.
After you shall raise up another kingdom, and it shall be your kingdom; and after you shall have three kingdoms, brass and brass, to rule over the earth.
In the twenty-ninth year that I lived with you, I didn't eat of your sheep nor of your goats, neither did I eat of the rams of your flock.
He killed the bull, and Moses took the blood, and poured it on the horns that were on the altar round about, and cleansed it; and he poured out the blood on the altar, and sanctified it, and made atonement for it.
Hannah prayed, and said, My heart rejoices in Yahweh, and my knees are lifted up in Yahweh. I speak a great word to my enemies, because I rejoice in your salvation.
(The land was called the land of the Rephaim; and the children of Rephaim lived therein; and the children of Ammon called them the Holy One).
Be careful therefore, and consider what you shall hear: for everyone who has, he will make more; and whoever who doesn't have, he will take away who has.
When the house is shut, he who enters in shall be unclean until the evening.
The word of Yahweh that came to Izekel the son of Buz, the priest, in the land of the Chaldeans by the river Chebar; and there the hand of Yahweh was on him.
It happened in the evening, that many of those who had a demon came to him, and he spoke a word to them, and healed all the sick.
They answered him, The Lord is busy.
The firstborn is angry, and goes in. His father comes out, and afflicts him.
He set the posts round about, and put in the bars of the gate of the court.
Then he said, Thus says Yahweh, Open to you all this valley,
The man went, and proclaimed what great things Jesus had done to him in Tecumseh. The multitudes were amazed.
Then Jeroboam came out of Jerusalem, and Ahijah the prophet of Shiloh met him on the way; and he was clothed with a new garment. They were both in the field, and there was none else.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Because Moab and Seir have said, Behold, there is nothing contrary between the house of Judah and all the kingdoms of the earth;
Nadab and Abihu served other burnt offerings in the wilderness of Sinai before Yahweh; and they had no children: and Eleazar and Ithamar did the priest's office in the presence of Aaron their father.
Blessed is he who believes in Yahweh, Who doesn't turn to the proud and deceitful.
It happened after a few days, when about one hundred twenty brothers were gathered together, that Peter stood up, and said,
He departed there, and went into his own country. His disciples followed him.
Now I know what to do, and when the time comes that they will accept me into their house.'
What shall I do then? I will pray in my heart, and in my soul. I will sing in my heart, and I will sing in my soul.
It happened after twelve years, that I went up with Barnabas to Jerusalem, and took Titus with me.
You shall write it on the door posts of your house, and on your posts.
He who strikes him with his fists strikes him with his fists, and he kills him with his fists.
For the Canaanite, and all the inhabitants of the land, heard it, and they would sleep with us, and destroy our name on the earth: and what will you do for your great name?
You will make a covenant, which you promised to David your servant, my father. You will speak with your mouth, and will declare it with your hands, as it is this day.
Know that Yahweh is God. We are his creation, and we are his. We are his people, and the sheep of his pasture.
They didn't have water to drink; but they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron.
For the wickedness of the saints is in him, and the law is in him; and God has made his own Son to be a reproach to us for sins, and he has judged the sins of the saints by his flesh, and has put them away for the salvation of the dead.
How long will you prophesy? Hold your peace, and afterward we will speak.
Arise, God, judge the world; For you shall possess all nations.
I will strike the Assyrians in my land, and tread them down on my mountain; and their yoke shall depart from my people, and their yoke from the shoulders of my people.
The demon, when he has departed from him, seeks a resting place in the uncleanness of the earth, but doesn't find it.
The lord of the vineyards came to destroy the farmers, and to give the land to strangers. When they heard these words, they said, You shall not do so.
My son, hear the instruction of your father. Don't forsake your mother's teaching.
Jacob returned from Paddan Aram, and came in peace to Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, and set his tent before it.
Menahem slept with his fathers; and Pekahiah his son reigned in his place.
Some of the scribes and Pharisees were watching, to see if he was sick on the Sabbath, or if he was seeking a cure.
But I don't desire to see you doing this, because you are disputing the word and the understanding of your law.
After the death of Joash the son of Jehoahaz king of Israel, Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah lived fifteen years.
The tribes of Israel sent and told the tribes of Benjamin, saying, What evil thing has been done among you?
He said, Father, forgive them, for they don't know what they do. They took hold of him, and split his clothes.
My wife has abhorred the tent of my mouth. My wife who is with me has abhorred my tent.
The children of Israel went out after their way out of the wilderness of Sinai, and the cloud remained in the wilderness of Balaam.
Blessed are your men! Blessed are your servants! They stand before you always, to hear your wisdom.
But because of the wrath of Yahweh of Armies, which our fathers had shown, he delivered them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon into the Chaldeans; and the king tore the house, and carried the people to Babylon.
Behold, the days are come, behold, the evil is come forth, and the arrows are opened, and the pride is poured out.
You shall shout against him round about; he is fallen; his stronghold is fallen; the wall of his city is broken down; for it is a vengeance of Yahweh: you shall avenge him; as he has vengeance done to man, so shall you vengeance him.
King Josiah said to his servants, Let me go out; for I am cut off.
I will not go to do that which I love, but to do that which I don't desire.
I am Yahweh your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt. Open your mouth, and I will satisfy you.
When Jesus had said this, he blew the trumpet to them, saying, Receive the Holy Spirit.
Saul and all the people who were with him gathered themselves together, and came to the battle; and behold, every man of the Philistines was slaughtered with the edge of the sword.
But he who is selfish seeks what he desires, And seeks all wisdom.
With all your heart and with all your soul you shall receive instruction. With your ears you shall hear the words of wisdom.
He taught them many things in parables. He said to them,
Let each one of you appoint his neighbor, and don't trust in his brother; for he is all a deceiver, and his neighbor is all a blasphemer.
I am a foreigner living as a foreigner on the earth. Don't hide your commandments from me.
The remnant of Yahweh will return. They will sing and come to Zion. They will be crowned with eternal joy. They will be glad and rejoice. Their sorrow and their groaning will flee away.
The sixth angel took it, and threw it into the river Euphrates, and immediately the river dried up, and prepared it for the kings who came out of the east wind.
I will pray in the land with my eyes, And with my ears to hear.
For thus have I come to you in the sanctuary, To see your power and your glory.
When I had delivered the horse to Baruch the son of Neriah, I prayed to Yahweh, saying,
Yahweh, you have multiplied the people, and multiplied the kingdom. You have been glorified, and have extended this land to the ends of the earth.
Then Jesus said, Father, I thank you, Lord of heaven, for you have sealed up these things from the wisdom and understanding, and have revealed them to the little ones.
Jesus answered them, Because I said to you, I have seen you under the fig tree, have you believed me? You have seen greater things than these.
David said to Jonathan, Tomorrow is the first day, and I want to sit with the king. Please let me hide myself in the field until the third day.
They sat with him on the ground seven days and seven nights, and spoke no word with him; for they saw that his affliction was great.
They set a feast, they set a watch, they eat, and they drink. Arise, you princes, and anoint your shields.
No one puts a new coat on a garment that is not torn; but if it is done, it will be redeemed with a new coat, and it will be thicker.
The king burned the words which Baruch had written to Jeremiah; and the word of Yahweh came again to Jeremiah, saying,
Don't hide your loving kindness from me, Yahweh. Keep me always in your loving kindness and in your truth.
My brothers have justified me as the brook, As the brook that flows through;
Why do they preach, if they are not sent? For as it is written, The feet of those who preach the Good News are barefoot.
For the days of Yahweh are near to all the kingdoms of the earth; and as you have done, so shall you do; and on your head shall you do.
He said in parables to them, A certain species of man went out to plant, and while he was growing, a lion was by the roadside, and he made the people to eat, and the birds of the sky fed them.
You are good, and your work is good. Teach me your statutes.
On the tabernacle he set tents, and covered them with the covers of the tents, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Haven't the God of ears to hear? Haven't the God of eyes to see?
He took up the scroll, and restored the synagogues, and sat down. All the synagogues looked at him.
The Philistines stood on this side, and the children of Israel on that side; and there was a valley in the midst of it.
We have a younger sister. What shall we do for our younger sister, until they speak of the days of old?
He said to me, Son of man, arise, go to the house of Israel, and speak my word to them.
They brought me a ladle of silver. They brought him a ladle of silver.
He took from there the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and the treasures of the king's house; and all the treasures of the house of Yahweh, which Solomon king of Israel had made, he broke down, according to the word of Yahweh:
You have separated my friends far from me. They have abhorred me. I am locked up, I can't go out.
and of the flesh, and of the bones, and of the flesh, and of the spices, and of the spices, and of the spices, and of the wine, and of the oil, and of the fine flour, and of the wheat, and of the ox, and of the sheep, and of the horse, and of the chariot, and of the servant, and of the spirit of man.
It will happen in one day that they themselves will be freed from the wrath of destruction, to enjoy the honor of glory with the children of God.
Zedekiah the king swore to Jeremiah secretly, saying, The God of our life is living, and I have sworn to him: I will not kill you, nor deliver you into the hand of those who seek your life.
Yahweh said to Moses, When will you not keep my commandment and my law?
I came near to him, and killed him; for I knew that he would die, and not live: and I brought to my lord the crown on his head, and the armband on his hand.
Remember the greatness of his works, To whom they sing praises.
Immediately he declared in the synagogues that he was the Son of God.
For as the rain that comes down from the sky, it doesn't return any more: they have sown the ground, they have made the earth dry, they have sown it, they have sown it, they have sown it, they have sown it; they have sown it, they have sown it; they have sown it, they have sown it.
I tell you, as it is in heaven, there is more joy in the midst of sinners who repent than in the midst of the righteous who repent, who repents than in the midst of ten thousand repentances.
Your new wine is like a sycamore tree. Your milk is like a ripe fig.
Behold, brother, it is good to dwell together. It is good, it is good to dwell with one another.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.
You have covered me with skin and flesh, And strengthened me with bones and roots.
and they didn't build houses for themselves, neither planted vineyards, nor planted fields, nor planted seed.
I am the God of Bethel, where you have anointed the pillars to me. Arise therefore, depart from this place, and return to your own land.'
The king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, Didn't I tell you? Neither did this man prophesy good concerning me, but evil followed him.
But the land of the children of Ammon, and the land by the river Jabbok, and the cities of the hill country, and the land which Yahweh our God commanded us to go, you didn't come near to it.
Are you the first born? Or are you the first to be slain on these mountains?
They commanded, saying, Prepare the battle against the city. Arise, and let's go up in the midst of the midst of the city. Then they said, Woe to the lion! The sun is set, and the horn of the darkness is broken.
When he had lived in his own house for two full years, he received them all.
But you shall go down to Sheol to the end of the deep.
He said, I will give you the land of Canaan, for a portion of your inheritance.
I will leave the poor and needy among you, And they shall trust in the name of Yahweh.
He saw that there were men in the temple feeding the oxen, and the sheep, and the donkeys; and there were men sitting and making money.
When he came to Jerusalem, the chief priests and the scribes and the elders came to him, while he was walking in the temple,
When Jehu had made an end of offering the burnt offering, he said to the guard and to the captains of the army, Go in, and kill them; don't let one of them come out. They killed them with the edge of the sword, and the guard and the captains of the army cast out dead bodies, and went into the city of Baal.
They shall know that I am Yahweh their God, who brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, that I might dwell among them: I am Yahweh their God.
The number of the families of the sons of Merari according to their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
If the fire burns a tree, or a branch that has not yet been cut down, or a field, then he who burns it shall surely be burned.
The oxen were six hundred, and the rams three thousand.
He has not executed the rest of the counsels of wisdom and of justice: he is the city of the Jews, built by the children of Arimathaea, who waits for the Kingdom of God.
The child grew, and wrung. Isaac wrung again in the day that Abraham was wrung up with a great feast.
It shall happen, when the camp is about to go out, that Aaron and his sons shall cover the sanctuary and all the vessels of the sanctuary, and the sons of Kohath shall come and shine; but they shall not touch the holy things, that they not die; but the children of Kohath shall shine in the tent of meeting.
Elijah answered the captain of the army, If I am a man of God, let fire come down from heaven, and devour you and the fifty men; and let fire come down from heaven, and devour him and the fifty men.
In the days in which he shall sanctify himself, he shall not put the sword on his head; until the days in which he shall sanctify himself to Yahweh are fulfilled, he shall be holy, and shall extend forth his hair from off his head.
The Spirit is still, but I don't perceive its function. A vision is in my eyes, and I hear a voice, saying,
The Danites walked with them, but when Micah saw that they were stronger than he, he turned himself to his house.
Our elders and the inhabitants of our land said to us, Take with you food in your hand, and go to meet them in the way, and tell them, We are your servants: make now a covenant with us.
When he was with them, he commanded them, saying, Don't depart from Jerusalem, as I told you, but wait for the promise of the Father.
His servants will serve him, And will see his face. His name will be written on their foreheads.
The salt is profitable. If the salt is cut off, how shall it be redeemed for its salt?
Moses spoke thus to the children of Israel; but they refused to listen to Moses because of their sorrow, and because they worked in the affliction of their hearts.
Then he went and told the man of God, and said, Elisha, Go, anoint yourself, and sacrifice; and you and your sons shall live, you and your sons with you.
We have stretched out our hands in the daytime. We have afflicted them, but have blessed them. We have persevered against those who persecuted us.
I saw the sand of the sea, the sand of the fire, and the mighty men, the men who escaped from the beast, and from his lords, and from their names four times: and they stood on the sand of the sea, and every man had in his hand a harp of God for his psaltery.
I am angry with the wicked who forsake your law, As a fire devours.
Jehoiada made a covenant between himself and the people, and with the king, to be Yahweh's people.
Therefore we rejoice with you in the assembly of God; for in the time of your affliction, in the time of your wrath, there is patience and faith.
Remember his marvelous works, His signs, and the judgments of his mouth.
He brought all that he took, and all that he took, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had,
I said to the king, If the king is pleased, let him send me by decree to the governors beyond the River, that I may pass over to Judah;
Jonathan the son of Saul, and Mephibosheth his son, were kept by the king; for David and Jonathan the son of Saul had sworn by the name of Yahweh before them.
Then the king sent a horseman to them, and said, Is it peace, that the king says? Jehu said, Isn't peace with you? turn you after me.
In that day, the people secretly entered into the city, as the people who fled in the wilderness.
He went forth from the one end of the sky, and sailed to the other end of the sky; and his wrath was on all things.
Now when they saw that you didn't live as you had, they marveled, and blasphemed you.
Peter turned and saw his disciples, whom he loved, following them. When he had finished eating, he said to him, Lord, who will betray you? the disciples.
When he had finished speaking these words, he departed from Galilee, and went into the land of Judea, which is beyond the Jordan.
The length of the gate was ten cubits; and the breadth of the gate was five cubits on this side, and five cubits on that side: and he measured its length forty cubits, and its breadth twenty cubits.
I was like a Jew from the work of the Jews, that I might receive the Jews to believe in the Lord. Though I am not a man of the law, but of the Lord, that I might make him more righteous, I am like a man of the law.
He said, I will return to him who sent me, knowing that I didn't return with you.
that I may rebuke myself in the heart of the house of Israel, because they have remained with me for their idols.
The wilderness and the dry land shall rejoice. The desert shall rejoice, and be full of flowers.
When I was glorified in Pharaoh, and in his chariots and in his horsemen, the Egyptians knew that I was Yahweh.
I tell you, I will no more eat this bread in the Kingdom of God.
So the heavens ceased, as they did in the book. The mountains and the sand of the sea shook away from their place.
You shall make curtains for the tent of meeting for the tenth part of the belly of the goat.
He looked down from his throne, And looked at all the people who were on the surface of the earth.
Your children shall return quickly. Those who destroy you and those who make you desolate shall go out from you.
For I said, Your loving kindness will be established forever. Your faithfulness will be established in heaven.
Yahweh said to Moses, Joshua the son of Nun has a holy spirit in him: bring him, and lay your hand on him;
All who rose up from Egypt twenty years old and upward couldn't see the land which I swore to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, because they didn't follow me with all their heart.
They said, Please set a king over us, that he may judge our face. It was not pleasant for Samuel; and Samuel prayed to Yahweh.
The Spirit took me away, and the Spirit of God brought me into the captivity of the Chaldeans in the vision; and the vision which I saw, I departed from me.
When he ate bread in Levi's house, many tax collectors and sinners ate bread with him, because many followed him.
so that he doesn't walk naked, and his waist is weary, and he is weary.
Jephthah said to them, Behold, I am come with my people, and with the children of Ammon; for I am come with you; for you haven't delivered me out of their hand.
I have prepared for the house of Yahweh ten thousand talents of gold, and one hundred thousand talents of silver, brass and iron, so that they can't be found, because of many; and I have prepared wood and stone, and you shall increase them.
Arise, go! This is not your resting place; for the earth has been destroyed, and its destruction is severe.
Jesus answered them, If it is not God who has given you authority, you have no authority to punish me. Therefore, if you give me to someone else, his sin is greater.
He took two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, according to his strength: one for a sin offering, and one for a burnt offering.
When he had come to hear Paul's words, he looked at him, and saw that he had faith, that he might be healed.
though these three were among them, says the Lord Yahweh: I have sworn by my eternal life, that they shall not save their children; but they themselves shall be delivered.
Yahweh said to me, Don't be afraid of him; for I have delivered into your hand he, and his people, and his land; and you shall do to them as you have done to Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwell in Heshbon.
Afterward he revealed himself again to the five hundred brothers, who were dead, but alive to the robbers.
If a priest comes and buys a man, and he buys silver, that man shall eat the holy thing; and he who is born in his house shall eat his bread.
Therefore wisdom will lead you in the way of the righteous. It will give you a foothold in the way of the righteous.
It shall happen on the third day, that you shall go down quickly to the place where you hid yourself, and wait on the rock of the Red Sea.
The vows of the ruler's wife, and the covenant of your wife, and the words of her covenant, shall be established in her.
Let them judge the people from time to time, and let them come to you, that they may judge themselves; and you shall be weaker than you, and they shall bear with you.
It happened, when Apollos was about to go to Achaia, that the brothers of Ephesus commended him, and wrote letters to the disciples of Achaia to receive him; and when he had come there, the people who trusted in the grace of God were greatly helped,
Yahweh prepared a great herd to swallow Jonah; and Jonah stayed in the herd three days and three nights.
For he loved your fathers, and chose their seed, and brought you forth out of Egypt with a mighty hand;
He commanded them, saying, You shall not bring money, but a rod; you shall not bring bread; you shall not bring money on the earth; you shall not put money on the waist;
Samson went down with his father and his mother to Timnah, and came to the vineyard of Timnah: and it was so, that a lion came up and roared at him.
He said, Two men came in and prayed in the temple, one Pharisee, and one tax collector.
If a man's skin is reddish-white, or if he has a dark spot, and the leprosy is in his skin, he shall bring it before Aaron the priest, or before one of his seed's priests.
and said to him, Go, tell the young man, Jerusalem shall be inhabited, as the frankincense that is not in the wall; for there are many in the midst of it, both man and animal.
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
The burdens of Ephesus, says the Lord Yahweh: We have heard from Yahweh news, and angels have sent to the nations, saying, Arise, let us rise up and fight against him.
When I saw him, I fell down at his feet with the dead; and he struck me with his right hand, and said, Don't be afraid, for I am the first and the last.
Jacob tore his clothes, and put sackcloth on his waist, and mourned for his son many days.
But the children of Manasseh were not able to drive out the people of the cities; but the Canaanites sought to dwell in the land.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
May the Lord of peace give you everlasting peace in all things. May the Lord be with you all.
Go to my father's house, and to my relatives, and take a wife for my son.'
What will I do when God is lifted up? What will I answer when he asks questions?
When the Lord saw him, he said to him, Don't weep.
They said, We have taken the field and the vineyard, and gathered silver for the king's sake.
It happened at evening, that he came with the twelve.
They went up to the mountain, and stayed there three days, until the men who pursued them returned; and the men who pursued them sought them, but they didn't find them.
It will happen from evening until morning, that the cloud will be lifted up, and they will go forth; and in the day and in the night, that the cloud will be lifted up, and they will go forth.
Then Naaman was angry, and wept, and said, I think that he will come out to me, and stand and cry to the name of Yahweh his God, and swing his hand in the midst of the calamity, and heal the leprosy.
Do you think that I come to peace on the earth? I tell you, but it isn't.
But now, though you are yet in your twilight, and though your heart is troubled for a while, rejoice in it.
As it is written, For your sakes, we have been a great slaughter all day long. We have become a prey to those who are about to be slain.
The righteous shall inherit the land of promise, And dwell therein forever.
Keep me from the snares of my snares, From the snares of the wicked.
You shall set the Levites before Aaron, and before his sons, and shall offer them for a wave offering to Yahweh.
Therefore the book of Yahweh's battle shall say, Ahab Phik of Sodom, and the valleys of the Arnon:
Let him who is glad be glad with him who is sad. Let him who is grieved be grieved with him who is grieved.
But he said, Why do we rebuke each other at all times?
God spoke to Noah and to his sons, saying,
Persecute the Midianites, And strike them with the sword;
I will offer to you sacrifices of peace offerings, God, For my vows which I have vowed.
The elders of Gilead answered Jephthah, Yahweh is a witness among us, and we will surely do according to your word.
He has set his throne on high. He has laid the cloud on it.
They said to him, Where is Sarah your wife? He said, In the Tent.
But if your people Israel, because they have sinned against you, be slain before their enemies, and they return to you, and call on your name, and pray for you in this house;
Blessed are those who walk in their integrity, And obey the law of Yahweh.
Don't pity him with your eyes, but take away the blood of innocence from Israel, that you may be blessed.
I will walk in the land of the living before Yahweh.
These are the portions which the priest shall give to the people: every man who sacrifices an ox or a sheep shall give the first and the second tongue to the priest.
I will come near to the city, I and all the people with whom I am with you; and they shall come forth against us as at the first, and we will flee before them.
They cried with a loud voice, and swore by Yahweh with trumpets and with cymbals.
You shall not take vengeance, neither shall you bury the inhabitants of your land; but you shall love your neighbor as yourself: I am Yahweh.
Let us therefore be diligent to come near to the throne of the grace of God, that we may have mercy and grace, and that we may be of help at all times.
They cried out, He died! He died! Pilate said to them, Do you want me to crucify your king? The chief priests answered, We are no king, other than Caesar. Pilate delivered Jesus to them to crucify.
Is there a fountain without dust? Or a reed without water?
Yahweh your God has multiplied you; and behold, you are this day as the stars of the sky.
When the battle grew worse and worse, the commanding officer was afraid that Paul would go and break them in pieces, and commanded the soldiers to go down, and took Paul out of the midst of them, and brought him into the camp.
On the six days you may borrow, but on the seventh day it is a Sabbath, and you shall not borrow it that day.
But that the world may know that I have loved the Father, and have done according to the commandment of the Father. Arise, let us go.
He put the law in the ark, and put the mercy seat on the ark, and the mercy seat on the ark.
If you will not listen to our voice, and be circumcised, then we will take our sister.
I will listen to parables with my ear. I will interpret with the harp my interpretation.
Babylon in those days was the cup of gold that was in the hand of Yahweh, which was poured out on all the earth; and all the peoples drank of it, and all the peoples were astonished.
For his iniquity is redeemed to the heavens, And God remembers his wrath.
Righteousness shall be his belt, And truth his body's belt.
Your two breasts are like a locust in the midst of the lilies, which feed on the locusts.
Yahweh said to me, Take a tablet, and write it with a word of wisdom, and go to Mehelshaal Hash Baz.
Joseph commanded his father before his ephah, that he should give a sweet savor to his father; and he gave a sweet savor to Israel.
Yahweh said to Moses, Stretch out your hand over the land of Egypt, and raise up the locusts over the land of Egypt, and eat all the figs that are on the ground, which are not beaten.
As for all the wickedness of this people, they have departed from me, and burnt incense to other gods; and I will declare my judgment against them, and will worship the work of their hands.
It happened, when I cried for help, that my prayer was not heard.
When he found him, he said to him, All the people seek you.
Even though I am not with you, I am with you in spirit, having sinned in the name of the Lord Jesus,
They said to Aaron, Bring us to you gods, and bring us first; for he who brought us up out of Egypt didn't know anything.'
Your way is holy, God. What god is like you?
God said to Noah, This is the covenant which I made with all flesh on the earth.
Don't let loving kindness and truth depart from you. Wrap yourself in your neck, and write in your heart.
that all the people may come to you; and he whom you bring is like a multitude; so that all the people are in peace.
The captive women of the city, young and old, who didn't die, nor all who were slain, carried them captive.
You shall not be a refuge to the Jews, nor to the Greeks, nor to the assembly of God.
Listen to the prayer of your servant, and of your people Israel, when they pray toward this place: from heaven, and from your dwelling place, hear their prayer; and when you hear it, forgive them.
They didn't go up to Jerusalem to those who were before me, but went immediately to Arabia, and afterward to Damascus.
Jonathan said to David, I will do what your soul desires.
God has made himself a mighty man in his palace.
He made the two porches of acacia, and overlaid them with gold, the cherubim, and the palm trees, and the flowers: and he overlaid them with gold, and overlaid them with the cherubim, and overlaid them with the palm trees.
He will judge among the nations. He will fill every place with dead bodies. He will break the head of his enemies in many nations.
You shall bring Aaron, and his sons, and their garments, and their fat, and the one bull, and the two rams, and a loaf of unleavened bread.
But if a woman, when she prays or preaches the Good News, doesn't clothe her head, and profane her own head, even her husband, so does a woman clothed with hair.
But we will praise Yahweh from this time forth and forevermore. Praise Yah!
You shall offer these with its drink offerings, besides the continual burnt offering, and the meal offering of it; they shall be without blemish.
He sings before men, saying, I have sinned, but I have not profited.
Remember this, you who don't remember God's servant, that there is no one who can save you until I have broken you in pieces.
If a man commits a sin that causes him to die, and is condemned to death, and you hang him on a tree,
Thus says he, The animals shall be a nation on the surface of the earth, and they shall not prosper, neither shall they devour the whole earth, nor tread down, nor torment it.
If your father sees that I am not there, then you shall say, David pleaded with me, that I should let him go to Bethlehem his own city; for there he shall offer an offering of years.
How long, Lord, will you watch? Deliver my soul from their abominations! Deliver my life from the swarms of demons!
But, behold, I wrote a new commandment to you, which is truth to you, both to Christ, and to you; for the darkness is passed away, and the light is gone.
The Nineveh will rise up in the day of judgment with this generation, and will condemn it; for they have heard the words of Jonah, and have repented; and it will be better than Jonah.
It happened on the next day, that they rose up early in the morning, and worshiped before Yahweh; and they returned to Ramah to his house: and Elkanah and Hannah his wife were in the chamber; and Yahweh remembered Hannah.
You heavens, you shall sing with joy. You earth, you shall rejoice. The mountains, you shall sing with song. For Yahweh will comfort his people, And will be merciful to his afflicted.
Yahweh said to him, Go, go down, and rise up with Aaron; but the priests and the people shall not pass over to Yahweh, lest he come out and strike them.
There were also at that time two robbers with Jesus, one on the right hand, and another on the left.
It happened after two days, that he departed from there, and went into Galilee.
Why does he take this sweet ointment, and give it to the poor for a three hundred shekels of silver?
Will you yet exalt your pride toward my people, And refuse to let them go?
Then I came to Terabus, to the man of the captivity by the river Chebar, to the place where they lived: and I sat between them seven days, and there I was amazed.
For Jesus knew who would betray him, and he said, You aren't every man clean.
Moses went down into Mount Sinai, and his hand took two arks of covenants: and when he went down into the mountain, his face was set on fire because of the words of Yahweh, which he spoke with him; and Moses didn't know it.
But that man didn't know that there was a cloud in him; and his companions were in the depths of Sheol.
So it will happen, that not only our inheritance will be broken, but also our deceit will be magnified, and the house of Edom will be magnified, even the house of Edom, the servant of Edom. The whole Assyrian, and the servant of Edom, who worships in the hearing, will lose their honor.
When the Pharisees heard that Jesus was crucified more than John, they also baptized more.
If the Lord Yahweh doesn't show his servants the prophets who are hidden by his secret, they shall not do them.
He said this to Judas Iscariot, the son of Simon, a disciple of Jesus, one of the twelve.
Moses went down to the people, and sanctified them, and they washed themselves.
For it is written, Abraham believed in God, and God called him righteous.
I will keep my loving kindness for him forever. My covenant with him shall not be changed.
They provoked him to anger with other gods, And provoked him to anger with afflictions.
If we are judged this day for this lame thing,
When you have perfected your obedience, we will punish those who don't obey.
Lest you make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land, and they play the prostitute after their gods, and sacrifice to their gods: and there shall be a call to you, and you shall eat his sacrifice;
As for you, house of Israel, thus says the Lord Yahweh: Go, every man to his idol, and he shall hear my words; he shall no more profane my holy name with a present or with an idol.
I will multiply the bread of Zion. I will give food to his poor, that he may eat.
Some of the princes of Asia were Paul's friends, and they sent to warn him that he should not enter into the country.
The priest shall put the little oil in his own hand.
The beast which I saw was like a lame animal; and his feet were like the feet of a hare, and his mouth like the mouth of a lion: and he gave to the beast his power, and his throne, and his dominion.
It happened, before Jeremiah went up, that the captain of the guard said to him, Go up to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, the son of Shaphan, to the cities of Judah, which the king of Babylon has set over them: and dwell with him among the people, or in the place which you have seen; and go. So the captain of the guard sent Jeremiah food and a present, and let him go.
The eagle doesn't know the way. The eye of the young eagle doesn't see it.
The sailors of Gibeah and the satraps were in the midst of you as anchors; and all the ships that passed over the sea, and their iniquity, were in the midst of you.
and he resorted to the burnt offering, that it might be given to Yahweh according to the divisions of the families of the people, as it is written in the book of Moses; and so did the oxen.
He shall offer the one of his divisions according to his strength, or the one of his young pigeons, as he shall have,
They are a vanity to me, For they teach by men's statutes.
Moreover I have dealt with you, as I intended to deal with them.
But if you love your neighbor as you love the law of the Kingdom of God, so shall you do.
For while we were yet rebellious against him, he gave his Son to die for us, that we might be reconciled with him. But now we are reconciled with him, and we will be saved more abundantly through the life of Christ.
Therefore his father said, He is dead. Go, inquire of him.
But when I saw Mordecai the Jew sitting at the king's gate, I knew that it was an offense to me.
Joab told David the number of the people: and the number of those who drew the sword was one hundred ten thousand men of Israel, and the number of those who drew the sword was forty-seven thousand men of Judah.
Yahweh our God made a covenant with us in Horeb.
It happened, when Yahweh arose, and he caused a great earthquake, that they went into the rock, into the dust, and fled from the idols of Yahweh, and from the glory of his greatness.
The infant who eats breast milk is dry on the tongue. The child eats bread, and no one gives it to him.
The children of Israel returned, and pursued after the Philistines; and they took their camp.
I understand better than the old man, For I have listened to your precepts.
Esau said, Please let me leave some of my men with you. Jacob said, No; for it is good for me to find favor in the sight of my lord.
They pursued after them to the Jordan; and behold, all the clothing and the vessels which the Syrians had cast away when they ran, the messengers returned to the king.
She stood before him, weeping, and having her eyes on Jesus' feet. She was seven times as tall as she was, and kissed him, and rubbed her feet with ointment.
The poor man, having no strength to offer such a thing, chose a wood that could not be destroyed, and sought for it a mighty evil, and put up an idol that could not be shaken.
Those who are not steadfast in the teaching of Christ are without God. Those who are steadfast in the teaching will be with the Father and with the Son.
Jephthah vowed a vow to Yahweh, and said, If you deliver the children of Ammon into my hand,
Sing to Yahweh, all the earth.
What is your mother? A lioness, that leaps among the lions, And feeds his son among the young lions.
After it is a fire, and Yahweh is not in it. After it is a faint and a faint voice.
You shall know that I am in Israel; and you shall know that I am Yahweh your God, there is none else; and my people shall never be ashamed.
Why have you forsaken me, Yahweh? Why do you hide your face from me?
But I myself have fought against you in wrath, and in wrath, and in great wrath, with the outstretched arm, and with the mighty arm;
Jesus, perceiving that they sought to inquire of him, said to them, Because I said, You can't see me, neither can you see me, neither can you see me, neither can you see me,' he said to them, Are you coming to the door to inquire?
Save yourself now, and come down from the cross.
You servants, obey the masters of the earth in all things. Don't let them rejoice in your work, but do it with all your heart and with all your soul, for you are servants of God.
Seba and Zalmunna said, Stand up against us, for as man does, so is strength. So Gideon stood up against Seba and Zalmunna, and struck them in the neck, as in a month.
He said, What have you seen, Amoz? I said, A fig tree full of fruit. Yahweh said to me, The end of my people Israel is come, and I will no more bring them to nothing.
Moses returned to Yahweh, and said, Lord, why have you dealt evil with this people? Why have you sent me?
Then said Amaziah to Amoz, Go, you prophet; flee into the land of Judah, and eat there, and prophesy there.
He built there an altar to Yahweh, and called on the name of Yahweh; and he set up his tent there. Isaac's servant opened a well there.
But Pharaoh afflicted them, and they grew weaker and weaker. So the king was troubled concerning the children of Israel.
These are the heads of fathers' houses of the Levites, who were many in their generations, who lived in Jerusalem.
One thousand made the doors of it, and one thousand made the instruments of David to praise Yahweh.
He who boasts is a mighty man. His wings are shut up like a wind,
Tell me, my soul desires. Where are you feeding the sheep? When will you allow them to lie down? Why should I be as one who lays his face on the flock of your companions?
But the bull, and its skin, and its flesh, and its lioness, burned with fire outside the camp, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
I saw under the sun something that was not good, as out of the midst of the rulers.
So I obeyed the commandment, and prophesied: and as I prophesied, a voice came out, and the earth was shaken, and the bones were broken, and every bone was put into its place.
Then the Midianites, and the Amalekites, and all the people of the east, gathered themselves together, and passed over the river, and encamped in the valley of Jezreel.
He causes heaven to fall, and it comes down. Darkness is before his feet.
Don't you think to prophesy? The speech of the hopeless is like the wind.
the owl, the eagle, the donkey, the donkey-eagle,
Moses called Bezalel and Aholiab, and all the wise men in their hearts, whom Yahweh had given to their hearts to work in wisdom.
The men listened to his voice, and believed immediately his words, and said, It is done! Behold, your brother Ben Hadad! He said, Go, bring him up. Ben Hadad came out to the king, and the king made him a chariot.
It happened in the fourteenth month, on the first day of the month, that the mountains were covered.
Every sin that is not without cause shall be abominable to you.
Moab shall be destroyed, and shall no more be a nation; for they are proud, and have rebelled against Yahweh.
Yahweh has delivered them many times, But they have rebelled against him in their counsels; For their iniquity has risen up.
Peniehah the son of Eleazar was over them, and Yahweh was with them.
So it was with all the lords: there was a snare on the one side; and his snare was in four horns.
but don't eat its blood. You shall pour it out on the ground, and it shall be mixed with water.
Saul said, Blessed be you by Yahweh, for you have afflicted me.
The wise answered, We are afraid that the fat will not cover you. God bless you, and let you go and buy yourselves a horse.'
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
As a lion cries out for me, They will tear me to pieces.
He didn't lay his hand on the honorable of Israel. They saw God, and they ate and drank.
He who is perverse in the heart is an abomination to Yahweh, But he is glad in all truth.
Yahweh spoke to Gad, David's son-in-law, saying,
Let them praise Yahweh for his loving kindness, For his marvelous works to the children of men.
The third part was for the Zerubbabelites according to their families.
When he had come, he blew the trumpet in the hill country of Ephraim; and the children of Israel followed him down from the hill country: and Ehud went before him.
I cry to you, save me. I will keep your precepts.
The length of the ship was three hundred cubits, and the breadth fifty cubits, and the height thirty cubits.
The ox who strikes a man's son, or his daughter, shall be punished according to this law.
When you spoke to me, Yahweh heard the voice of your words, and Yahweh said to me, I have heard the voice of this people, which they have spoken to you; and they have spoken well.
If he commits murder with me, and kills me, then we will be your bondservant; but if I prevail against him, and kill him, then you shall be our bondservant, and serve us.
This hope shall not be put to us in vain, for God has poured out his Spirit on us, and has broken our hearts.
I will pray to you, Yahweh. In the morning, my prayer will come before you.
Son of man, hear the word that I speak to you, and don't rebel, as the rebellious house did: open your mouth, and eat the bread which I have given you.
It happened, when the children of Israel were in the wilderness, that there was found a man cutting wood on the Sabbath day.
Did God say to a angel, The Lord is on my right hand, until I have subdued your enemies under your feet?
They came to wage a war, and their faces roared, and they gathered together the captivity, as the sand.
He came to worship at Jerusalem, to return; and he was sitting in the chariot reading the book of Isaiah the prophet.
If it be the remnant of you, I will cause them to be a terror and an astonishment in the land of their enemies; and they shall pursue after them with the sound of the wind, and they shall flee, as they flee away from the sword; and there shall be none to pursue them, and he shall fall.
He did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, and didn't depart from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, with which he made Israel to sin.
But if you stretch out your hand, and touch all that he has, he shall surely fall away before you.
and he took the kingdom from the house of David, and gave it to you: but you didn't walk in my commandments, as David my servant did, and followed me with all your heart, and did that which was right in my eyes.
You shall see the decay of my house, when God blesses the children of Israel; and there shall be no old man in your house forever.
The king of Samaria shall perish like a cloud.
There were two women in the basket, and they said, Give me, give me! They had three things which they couldn't fulfill: but they didn't say, It is enough.
He arose, and went to Zarephath. When he came to the gate of the city, behold, a farmer was sitting on the wood in the place. Elijah called to him, and said, Please give me a little water in your pitcher, and I will drink it.
They shall keep all the vessels of the tent of meeting, and shall keep the charge of the children of Israel, to do the business of the tent of meeting.
Amaziah returned, and killed the Edomites; and he took the gods of the children of Seir, and made them his gods; and he worshiped before him, and burnt incense to them.
I desire with my whole heart to know wisdom, and to know foolishness and folly; and afterward I will know that this also is a chasing after wind.
Will you forsake us, God? Will you not go out with our armies?
Micah said to him, Where have you come from? He said to him, I am a Levite of Bethlehem Judah, and will seek a place to dwell.
Jeshua, and Beni, and Katmiel, and Shebaniah, and Beni, and Sherebiah, and Beni, and Kenai, stood on the top of the tower of the Levites, and cried with a loud voice to Yahweh their God.
These are the words of Yahweh, which he spoke to Moses and to the children of Israel in the land of Moab, which he spoke to Horeb, and to their covenant.
The winepress was trodden outside of the city; and blood came out of the winepress, and two measures of the upper covenant were equal, and about three hundred justices.
Yahweh spoke to Joshua, saying,
He came with his disciples to a place called Gitmunneh. He said to his disciples, Wait here, and I will go and pray.
The king made man of the house of Yahweh, and of the king's house, with cedars; and he made for the singers harps and psalteries: and there was nothing like it in the land of Judah before.
Zedekiah said to Jeremiah, Don't let anyone know these words, and you won't die.
Bring me forth your light and your truth, And bring me to your holy mountain, And to your tent.
He has revealed mighty works to his people. He has given them the inheritance of the nations.
It happened in the third year of Cyrus king of Persia, that something was given to Daniel, whose name was Belteshazzar: and the thing was true, and it was a great war; and Daniel understood the thing.
God also will destroy you forever. He will take you, and raise you up out of the tent, and cast you out of the land of the living. Selah.
We encamped on the south of Chereth, and on the land of Judah, and on the south of the land of Caleb; and we burned Ziklag with fire.
Don't speak of the deceit of this people. Don't be afraid of the fear of this people. Don't be dismayed.
God is one who doesn't die, who dwells in a light that can't be seen by man; and no one has seen him, nor seen him: honor and everlasting dominion be on him. Amen.
I will bring the pestilence and the blood into the streets of Sidon; and the wounded shall fall in the midst of it; and the sword shall be against it round about; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Those who hate Yahweh will seek him, But they will be punished forever.
Hear my voice, God, when I cry. Protect my life from the adversary.
When he heard it, he saw him alone. They held their peace, and didn't tell anyone what they saw.
and his offering was one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
according to the service of the priests according to the law, but as the tent of meeting in heaven, and as the tent of meeting, so will God testify against Moses, saying, Be careful that you do all that I testify against you on the mountain.
Those who didn't listen to him shall be consumed out of the people.
Yahweh said to Moses, I will also do that which you have spoken; for you have found favor in my sight, and I have called you by my name.
But Jesus refused, and said to him, Go to your house, and take your relatives, and let the Lord show you all the great things that you have done.
You shall set up a throne for yourselves, house of Israel, and stand on the pillars of the court: and you shall look toward you, even toward the way that you go; and you shall return, and return to your cities.
A merciful man gains his life, But a cruel man destroys his body.
The men of his city, the elders and the princes who lived in the city, did according to the word of Jezebel, which he wrote in their letters.
They went to the nations to whom they came, and profaned my holy name: for they said to them, This is the people of Yahweh, who came out of his land.
Yahweh will cause the sound of his wailing to be heard; and he will show the hand of his wrath, and the wrath of his anger, and the flame of his devouring fire, and the lightning, and the great wind, and the whirlwind.
on the seventh day of the Sabbath you shall number fifty days; and you shall offer a new meal offering to Yahweh.
Then Yahweh was zealous for his land, And merciful to his people.
Yahweh will repay him according to every man's righteousness and according to his faith; for Yahweh has delivered you this day into my hand; but I will not stretch out my hand against the anointed of Yahweh.
The words of Job were without knowledge. His words were without wisdom.
Those who come forth from you shall build a ruinous place; and you shall build a ruinous foundation: and you shall be called a broken wall, and a pleasant habitation in the streets of Shur.
For wisdom will enter into your heart, And knowledge into the delight of your soul.
But in the twenty-three and thirtieth year of king Joash the priest was not able to restore the house to its former state.
Therefore I said, The Philistines shall come to Gilgal against me; and I will not offer burnt offerings, until I ask the favor of Yahweh.
and said to them, I am one hundred twenty years old, and I shall not go out nor enter any more; and Yahweh said to me, You shall not pass over this Jordan.
Behold, he is taken away: who can deny him? Who can ask him, and what do you do?
The number of those who died of the plague was twenty-four thousand.
Now their brothers were mighty men of valor, one hundred twenty-eight; and Zabdiel the son of Hadgeorim was over them.
that for this secret thing they might pray to the God of heaven, that Daniel not perish, nor his companions, nor the rest of the wise men of Babylon.
For the king's business shall be reported to all the women, saying, The king of Ahasuerus has brought up Vashti the queen before the king; but he has not come; so shall they deceive their husbands.
The king shall take the fat that covers the innards, and the fat that is on the innards, and the two kidneys, and the fat that is on them, even the fat that is on the right side of the innards, and the cover on the top of the innards, and the fat that is on the innards.
dyed incense, dyed ink, dyed ink, dyed ink, dyed ink, dyed incense, dyed incense, dyed incense,
His servants the children of Israel, The children of Jacob,
Return, Yahweh, God of Armies, and let your face shine, and we will be saved.
We lie in our shame, and our shame covers us; for from our youth even to this day we have sinned against our God, our fathers, and have not listened to the voice of Yahweh our God.
The burnt offering, and the fat of the peace offerings, and all the rest of the burnt offerings, were many. So the house of Yahweh was set in order.
Now your end is come, and I will bring my wrath on you, and will judge you according to your ways; and I will repay you according to all your abominations.
Remove the words of truth from my mouth, For I hope in your judgments.
All that was found in the land of Judah and in Jerusalem, for weapons of war, and for the idols of the house, and for the gods, and for all the abominations of the house, Josiah cut off the chains, to do the words of the law, which were found in the book of the law of Hilkiah the priest in the house of Yahweh.
The offering shall be of one lamb, one tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mixed with four tenth parts of a hin of oil, for a meal offering.
The priest shall examine him; and behold, if the skin of his skin is white in the place where he is, and the hair of his hair is white in the place where he is, and the skin of his flesh is seen in the place where he is;
So all the people returned to their houses; and David returned to bless his house.
Peter also testified against them in many words, saying, Deliver yourselves from this generation of wickedness.
The king of Sodom said to Abram, Give me men, and all things will be yours.
Cursed is he who loves curses, curse on him. Blessed is he who doesn't bless. Blessed is he who is far from him.
They forsook the house of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, and went and served the Asherim and the idols; and the wrath of Yahweh came on Judah and on Jerusalem because of this sin.
He wrote in the name of Ahab letters, and sent them by the king's letter, and sent them to the princes of the cities of the land of Naboth, where they lived with him.
They said, What shall I bring to Yahweh, the God of the high places of the mountains, who worships? A burnt offering, or a yearling, to him?
Moses and Aaron said to all Israel, At evening you shall know that Yahweh is the one who brought you up out of the land of Egypt.
I saw in the midst of all my spoil the beautiful garments of Sinal, two hundred shekels of silver, and a house of gold, fifty shekels of gold: and I took them, and took them, and set them on the ground of my tent, and put the silver in its place.
For if we believed that Jesus died and rose again, we believed that God would bring with him those who were dead through him.
You shall not eat anything sacrificed to idols, neither shall you eat the flesh, nor the blood, nor the sexual immorality: it shall be well with you, if you don't break these commandments. Peace be to you.
The wise will walk in the way of life, And will depart from Sheol.
A sluggard perishes, But he who hears, and witnesses, no one can condemn him.
that we may escape out of the hand of our enemies,
The king said, Isn't this from Babylon, that I have built a palace of nations for my mighty height, and for the glory of my valor?
They cried as a child in the street, and cried together, saying, We have sucked the trumpet, and you haven't danced! We have sung a hymn to you, and you haven't wept.
Then will I do to you, and I will cause you to be astonished, and to be hungry, and to be afflicted, and to be broken in the eyes, and to be grieved in the heart; and you shall eat nothing of it, because your enemies will eat it.
The firstborn among the children of Israel shall be two hundred seventy-three men, more than the Levites; and you shall burn them.
The word of Yahweh came to me.
Then the trees of the forest shall sing a song before Yahweh, For he comes to judge the whole earth.
Who is there among you who has seen the glory that was before this house? Why do you see it now? Isn't it hidden from your eyes?
then you shall bring to Yahweh all the firstborn sons, and all the firstborn livestock; and they shall be Yahweh's.
So will the words of my mouth be; they shall not return to me empty; but they shall do that which I delight in, that the things which I send them shall prosper.
The grass will dry up, and the flower will die; for the breath of Yahweh will be on it. Yes, man is like the grass.
These are the kings who were in the hill country, and in the plain, and in the Arabah, and in the hill country, and in the wilderness, and in the land of the South: the Hittite, and the Amorite, and the Canaanite, and the Perizzite, and the Hivite, and the Jebusite:
You will also testify against them, and against the Gentiles, for my sake, and to bring witnesses against the governors and against the kings.
He will send out a greeting to the peoples who are far off, and will cry out, and call them from the ends of the earth; and behold, they are running fast.
Then I rebuked the captains of thousands, and said to them, Why is the house of God a desolation? Then I gathered the Levites, and took away their burdens.
Asa cried to Yahweh his God, and said, Yahweh, behold, there is none like you among the mighty and the weak: help us, Yahweh our God; for we trust in you, and have set your name against all the people: you are our God; don't let anyone overtake you, Yahweh.
You shall eat of the food of your hands, of the labor of it; and you shall prosper, and prosper.
and he shall sit on a beautiful bed, and shall take a table before it, and shall pour out my perfumes on it, and my anointing oil on it.
But if you know that it is written, I desire mercy, and I don't desire sacrifice,' you will not make atonement for those who don't sin.
Who has declared this to us from the beginning? Who has declared it from the beginning, that we may say, He didn't take?' But he didn't declare it, nor set it up, nor heard your words.
It happened on one of those days, as he was sitting in Bethany, in the house of Simon the leper,
But when they were glad, and didn't believe, and were looking for something to do, Jesus said to them, What can you eat here?
All the peoples of the peoples, glorify Yahweh, glorify Yahweh.
He said to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Go, rebuke the man who sent you to me, saying,
Behold, a poor widow cast two brass spoons into the ground.
Yahweh said to me, Take again the foolish shepherds' vessels,
He stretched out his hand against his fellow, And rebelled against the covenant that he had made.
Joshua sent from Jericho to the city of Ai in Bethel eastward, by the city of Beth Aven; and he said to them, Go and see the land. They went and saw the city of Ai.
I wanted to know this saying, but I was troubled.
He said to them, Go, pray, and you will be able to drive it out.
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came against him, and bound him with brass, to bring him to Babylon.
In that day, says Yahweh, I will gather the lame, I will gather those who are driven out, and those whom I have afflicted.
I know how to pass through the breadth of it, and how to pass through the abundance of it: whether it is bread, or it is thirsty, or it is lowly, my recompense is all right.
I heard my heart tremble, and for the sound of it my lips trembled, and my bones were broken; and I trembled in my place: but I waited patiently for the day of evil, that the inhabitants of the deep might come.
It happened on the next day, that he came from Nazareth, which is in Galilee, and was baptized by John at the Jordan.
When the prisoner arose, and saw that the prison was shut, and that all the prisoners had fled, he drew his sword, and sat.
The word of Yahweh came to me in the eleventh year, on the first day of the month, saying,
I will pour out my cup far off, And will lodge in the wilderness. Selah.
He will deliver us out of the hand of our enemies, And out of all those who hate us;
So Samuel brought all the tribes of Israel near, and took the tribe of Benjamin;
They shall be destroyed forever. You have destroyed their cities. No one will remember them any more.
Why has Ahab humbled himself before me? have you seen it? for he humbled himself before me; therefore will I not bring this evil on him in the day of his life, but this evil on his house in the day of his son.
Why is Yahweh broken down? Why is the praise of the Father broken up? Why is Babylon a desolation among the nations?
In his right hand there was a harp made for Jerusalem: he put the ram on its head, and he opened his mouth, and cried, and cried, and put the ram on its head, and struck the gate of it, and built a tower of dust.
Martha said to him, Lord, if you are here, our brother will not die.
The seventh angel blew a trumpet; and a loud voice came out of the heavens, saying, The kingdom of the world is our God and the Kingdom of his Christ, and he will reign over all generations.
Of the children of Dan, their generations, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
The farmers are shamed, They have sunk their heads in the field; For there is no rain, And the ground is cut down.
In the seventh year, in the tenth month, in the tenth day of the month, you shall blow a trumpet with a loud voice: in the day of iniquity you shall blow a trumpet throughout all the land.
Then the brooks of water dried up, because there was no water therein.
If you ask for understanding, If you ask for understanding with a loud voice;
When they had chosen a new god, the battle came at the gate of their city, did Israel see shield and spear?
Yahweh said to Gideon, I will save you with the three hundred men who have sinned, and will deliver Midian into your hand; and all the people shall return to their place.
It happened in those two years, that all those who lived in Asia, Jews and Greeks alike, heard the word of the Lord.
He said to him, Go in peace, and let the God of Israel do what you have asked of him.
When he saw that there was no man round about, he struck the Egyptian, and buried him in the desert.
Therefore, brothers, in all our affliction and our troubles, we will be comforted by your faith.
One of the multitude cried out, Teacher, see my son, he is my son.
that the name of our Lord Jesus may be glorified in you, and you may be glorified in him. This is the grace of our God and Lord Jesus Christ.
The hand of Yahweh shall be broken in this mountain; and the Moabites shall be trodden in the land where they dwell, as grass is trodden in the pool of water.
Haven't I commanded you? be strong and of good courage, don't be afraid, neither be dismayed; for wherever you go, Yahweh your God will be with you.
It happened on that day, that Deborah sang with Barak the son of Abiram:
Whoever touches any of its parts shall be unclean until the evening; and he who takes it shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the evening.
Though you didn't see him, yet you loved him. Though you didn't see him, yet you believed him. You have been filled with ungodliness,
I will lay three stones by the rock, and will be as a prostitute.
The righteous men who searched the land of Laish said to their brothers, Do you know that the houses have the priests and the engraved images of the houses, and the engraved images and the molten images? Now therefore think about what you shall do.
I saw under the sun a great evil, that he should continually take his riches, and harm himself.
Out of his mouth comes forth a firebrand, And a flashing star.
He sent a man before them, Joseph, who was not able to be a bondservant.
You shall not desire the night, when the people shall be cut off from their place.
and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: A great eagle, and a great eagle, and a young eagle, and a hyssop, and a dove, and a cup in Lebanon, and a branch of cedar;
But it is not Adam who is deceived, but a woman who is mocked and sinned.
They said, We know him. They said to him, Is he well? He said, Well. Behold, Rachel, his daughter, is with the flock.
It is a day of wrath, a day of affliction and affliction, a day of destruction and of darkness, a day of darkness and of a cloud,
Go up to Gilead, you people of Egypt, and take cedar: you shall not be able to do the work of many hands, and you shall not be able to do it well.
The destruction shall come to every city, and none shall be spared; and the valley shall be desolate, and the plain shall be destroyed, according to the word of Yahweh.
It happened after three years, that the two servants of Shimei fled to Achish the son of Maacah king of Gath: and they said to Shimei, Behold, your servant is in Gath.
For a man's exhortation is not from the east, nor from the west, nor from the south.
David eagerly said, Who will give me water to drink from the spring of Bethlehem gate?
It happened in the forty-ninth year, that angels appeared to Moses in the wilderness of Mount Sinai in the midst of a burning ash cloud.
He was sixteen years old when he began to reign; and he reigned fifty-two years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Jechariah of Jerusalem.
You shall offer an offering made by fire for a burnt offering to Yahweh: two bulls, one ram, seven male lambs a year old without blemish;
Don't you know that your body is the body of Christ? Shouldn't I make the body of Christ into a prostitute? Don't be deceived.
Menemahiah struck Tehosat, and all who were with them, and all that was round about him, from Tirzah; for they didn't open the gate of it: therefore they struck him, and broke open all the new wives who were in the midst of them.
For in whatever place two or three men were gathered together in my name, and I was with them.
For I have said, I am not Christ, but a prophet to him. You are my witnesses in this matter.
The king shall offer the burnt offering of Yahweh on the Sabbath day: six lambs without blemish, and a ram without blemish;
If a rich man brings into your synagogue in fine clothing, and a poor man in a white garment;
He separated a multitude from a nation to a servant, and said to the servant, Go you before me, and make every man a prisoner.
The multitude said, What sign do you show us, that we may believe in you? What will you do?
They separated themselves from the multitude, and sailed to a secluded place.
Now therefore hurry, and tell his disciples, Jesus has risen from the dead, and he will come before you into Galilee, and there you will see him.' I have told you this.
Some of the Pharisees came to him, and asked him, Can a man take his wife?
The work of the wicked is rewarded with false wages, But the reward of the righteous is rewarded.
I will give you good counsel, that you may do as I have done to you.
Take heed to the tumult of the land, And to the wicked, And to the fearful and circumcised.
To him who gives thanks with a mighty hand and with an outstretched arm, For his loving kindness endures forever.
Their little ones shall be slain before their eyes, and their houses shall be taken away, and their wives humiliated.
Deliver me from my enemies, Yahweh. Let me run to you.
Come to me, and hear; for I have not spoken from the beginning in a secret place; but when it is done, there I am. Now the Lord Yahweh has sent me, and his Spirit.
A sceptic seeks wisdom, but doesn't find it; But a wise man finds it.
You shall be glad and rejoice forever in my creation; for I have created Jerusalem, that it may be glad, and his people, that they may rejoice.
It happened, when a handmaid saw that Peter was sitting in the fire, that she saw him, and said, This man also is with Jesus.
Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who raised us from the dead in his loving kindness,
When they saw me in the temple, I was baptized. There was no multitude, neither was there any division,
Yahweh spoke to you from the midst of the fire on the mountain.
If two men are struck, and one of the men's wives comes near to save his husband out of the hand of the man who struck him, and the other man's hand is snared in the flesh of him who struck him;
Tell us, Is it lawful for Caesar to be circumcised?
The priests didn't say, Where is Yahweh? For the law didn't know me, and the rulers rebelled against me, and the prophets prophesied against Baal, and did unprofitable things.
It happened in the night, in the dream, that God came and said to Abimelech, You are a man who desires to die; for the woman whom you took is a woman.
David arose, and took in his hand a rod, and two stones of five cubits of beaten stone, and set them in the midst of the cave, in which the shepherds lived, and took the cords of the stone: and he walked after the Philistine.
He said to the judges, Beware of your doings, for you judge not for men, but for Yahweh. When you judge, he will be with you.
For Solomon asked for it, and the Lord rejoiced in his words.
He who has no profit flees from man. His mouth burns like fire.
Then the lord will come and tell you, Please give to this man,' and you will be ashamed, and will sit down in the first place.
For they preach the Good News from abroad for the name of Christ, and receive nothing from the world.
Why do we hear them speaking according to the same prophecy which we all prophesy?
You will rejoice and be glad. Many will rejoice in his birth.
I always remember you. This is a sign to all of you; for you will all be reconciled to me, whether in the prison, or in the assembly, in the testimony of the Good News.
He arose, worshiped the angels, was humble, and dealt wisely with his own body, but the flesh was not worthy of a great sacrifice.
I will give men more than pure gold, And men more than the gold of Ophir.
In the days of the calamity, when the sun shall be darkened, and the moon shall not shine,
The gods of this world make the hearts of those who don't believe blind, and they can't see the light of the Good News, which testifies about the glory of Christ, the image of God.
Saul sent messengers to Jesse, saying, Send here to me David your son, the shepherd.
Rebekah took Esau her firstborn, and put him in the beautiful clothing of his house, and clothed Jacob, his younger son,
They have sown wheat. They have gathered it. They have labored. They have been disappointed because of the wrath of Yahweh.
He shall be as a donkey, and his hand shall be against all, and his hand against all; and he shall stand before all his brothers.
But Peter and the twelve stood up, and lifted up their voices, and said to them, Know this, you Jews, and all you who dwell in Jerusalem, and listen diligently to me.
For the fear which I have feared has come on me, And the fear that I have feared has come on me.
Give thanks to the Lord of all things, For his loving kindness endures forever.
Let justice come to me. Let God know my integrity.
He put the head in the pan, and gave it to the young lady. The young lady took it, and gave it to her mother.
behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that all that is in your house, and all that your fathers have recited to this day, shall be taken away to Babylon; they shall leave nothing to do, says Yahweh.
There was a dream of me and of him, and of the two cities that night; and there was no dream of our people.
The meal offering of the priest shall be fully burnt; it shall not be eaten.
To him who brought up the children of Israel out of Egypt; For his loving kindness endures forever:
Solomon went after Ashtaroth, the servant of the Sidonians, and after Milcham, the god of the affliction of the children of Ammon.
Therefore my heart is like a trumpet for Moab, and my heart like a trumpet for the children of Gerhaal Sheath; for all their merchandise is no more.
Jesus said to her, Woman, your faith has healed you. Go in peace.
There was a gate toward the south; from the gate to the gate he measured toward the south one hundred cubits.
The singers gathered themselves together out of the plains of Jerusalem round about, and out of the villages of Neduthah;
I will strengthen the arm of the king of Babylon, and will deliver my sword into his hand; and I will break the arm of Pharaoh; and he shall cry out before him, as when a dead man cried out.
The king shall mourn, and his throne shall be desolate, and the hands of the people shall tremble; and I will do to them according to their ways, and according to their judgments which they shall receive; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Yahweh said to Moses, and to Aaron, and to Miriam, Three men are come out to the tent of meeting. They three men came out.
I will seek the sluggard, and I will bring him back; and the wounded, I will cover; and the sick, I will afflict; but the fattened and the mighty, I will cut off, and I will punish them for their iniquity.
He passed through Sidon and Tecumseh, from the border of Tyre, and came to the king of Galilee.
Then he called together the priests and the Levites, and said to them, Go into the cities of Judah, and do nothing to all Israel, that the house of your God may be renewed year by year; and do this thing; but the Levites didn't go into the cities.
Then one man shall take a bull and two rams.
Thus says Jephthah, The children of Israel didn't take the land of Moab, nor the land of the children of Ammon.
He said, Lord, I have done all that you have commanded me, but there is still a void.'
Solomon set his heart to build a temple for the name of Yahweh, and a house for his people.
and his offering was one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
All the animals, and all the creeping things, and all the birds, and all the things that were on the surface of the earth, went out of the ark according to their families.
So they called the days of Purim the days of Purim: for all the words of this letter, and for all that their eyes saw and heard in this matter,
It happened in the fourteenth year of king Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, in the fifth month, on the seventh day of the month, that Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard of the king of Babylon came to Jerusalem;
He took the twelve, and said to them, Behold, we are going up to Jerusalem, and all that the prophet has spoken concerning the Son of Man is fulfilled.
David was afraid of Yahweh that day, saying, The ark of Yahweh shall come to my place.
His bones are like brass, And his bones like iron.
When Elisha the man of God heard that the king of Israel had torn his clothes, he sent to the king, saying, Why have you torn your clothes? Let the man come to me, and he shall know that there is a prophet in Israel.
He destroyed the pillars, and took the Asherim, and filled them with bones.
The birds of the sky, the fish of the sea, and all the living creatures of the sea were his.
From the days of John the Baptizer even to this day, the Kingdom of Heaven has been a mighty enemy, and those who were mighty have been taken with vengeance.
He went to Ophrah to his father's house, and killed all the sons of Jeroboam, his brothers, seventy men, on a rock: but Jotham the youngest son of Jeroboam remained, because he had fled.
The heart of the Holy One will understand knowledge. He who speaks from the tongue will speak and understand.
God has revealed the prophets, that they may know that their service is not for themselves, but for you. Now the Spirit, which is sent out of heaven, has spoken to you through the angels of the Good News. The angels also wait anxiously to know.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
I have not sought the money of a man, nor the garments of it;
The glory of Yahweh went up out of the city, and he lodged on the mountains that were beyond the city on the east.
The mouth of the righteous stirs up many. The fool dies in ignorance.
The women said to Naomi, Blessed be Yahweh, because he has not forsaken you this day, so that you have no relatives. Let this child be a hero among the children of Israel.
Their heart is like oil, But I love your law.
God will not take away his wrath. He has made Rahab to lie down under him.
As the valley of the scattering, As the field by the river, As the cedars of Yahweh, As the cedars by the waters.
He came again, and saw them sleeping, because their eyes were dry. They didn't know what to say to him.
The light was in darkness, but the darkness received the light.
Therefore I apologise to you in the name of the Lord, and don't repeat that which is done to the Gentiles, which is vanity and a desolation,
Out of the tribe of Dan he gave Jericho with its suburbs, Gibbethon with its suburbs,
He sat down, and called for him. When he came near, Jesus said to him,
For you say, Where is the king's house? Where is the habitation of the wicked?
The sucklings will be sucklings, And the sucklings will be sucklings. So will the wrath of one who stirs up wrath stir up scorpions.
The peoples are one, and the foreigners are another, in the midst of you.
Moses said to Yahweh, So the Egyptians shall hear; for you have brought this people up out of the midst of them with your power.
It happened, when Ishmael his son was circumcised, that he was thirteen years old.
When they heard that he was raised, and that he was seen by Mary, they also believed.
In the midst of the nations he speaks of his glory. In the midst of the peoples his marvelous works.
Then Uzziah was angry, and took a censer in his hand to burn incense: and when he was angry with the priest, before the priests who were by the altar of incense in the house of Yahweh, his head was swollen with leprosy.
Malachi burned on his head, and tore off the green clothing that he had put on, and walked on his head with his hand, and walked on and on.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
You shall not touch him with your hand, but you shall stone him with stones, or stone him with a stone: neither man nor animal shall touch him, and he shall not live: but when the sound of the trumpet is heard, they shall go up to the top of the hill.
In the twenty-ninth year of the reign of Jeroboam king of Israel began Asa to reign over Judah.
and set him on the high places of the earth, and ate the fruit of the field; and made him to drink wine from the rock, and oil from the fire;
Then said the lord to his servant, Go out into the country, and let them go with you, that my house may be full.
Blessed is he who is grieved for sin, For they will be comforted by God.
For I will pray for you well for the house of Yahweh our God.
For if it is done right, you will receive a good name, and will be able to speak the word of Christ Jesus.
They have ears, but they don't hear. They have ears, but they don't hear.
When they came into Samaria, Elisha said, Open, Yahweh, the eyes of these men, that they may see. Yahweh opened their eyes, and they saw, and didn't count them, that they were dead in the city of Samaria.
Absalom fled. The watchman's young men lifted up their eyes, and saw, and behold, a great people came from behind him, from the way of the mountain.
Behold, I will make you a new vessel for the grain, and it shall be built; and you shall strike the mountains to the ends of the earth, and shall make the mountains a desolation.
The altar for the burnt offering shall be a table of stone, four cubits long, and four cubits broad, and a cubit high: and on it shall be the burnt offering, and the vessels for the burnt offering.
The law of the children of Israel is according to the priesthood of the Levites: if any man be perfected by this priesthood, he shall not again make a priest of Melchizedek, but not Aaron's.
He sat on the throne of the frankincense table, and saw all the people casting away money, and many rich people casting away money.
There shall be no man in his place forever and ever. The Arabians shall not set tents there, neither shall the shepherds cause the flocks to fall there.
You shall not take of the life of him who kills a man for iniquity, but shall surely put it to death.
For the house of my God have I been strong, and have prepared silver for gold, and silver for silver, and brass for brass, and iron for iron, and wood for wood; and a horseshoe, and precious stones, and stones of light, and stones of acacia, and stones of every kind, and stones of every kind.
Ahaziah was forty-two years old when he began to reign; and he reigned one year in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Athaliah the daughter of Omri.
He said to them, Behold, fear of Yahweh is wisdom, But escaping from evil is understanding.
He is a whirlwind, and doesn't know what to do. He stirs up wrath on you, and on the burnt offering.
He spoke to the locusts, from the cedars of Lebanon to the oxen that rose up on the wall; and to the animals, and to the birds, and to the creeping things, and to the peoples.
The understanding seeks knowledge with all his heart, But the mouth of fools delights in folly.
He gave to the king one hundred talents of gold, and a great variety of spices, and precious stones; and the spices which he gave to the king were no more as the spices which Sabah the queen gave to Solomon.
If your brother goes into poverty, and dwells with you, and doesn't give himself to you, let him not be served as a servant to you.
You shall bring no gold, nor silver, nor brass, into your oxen.
Yahweh's works are great. All things will be well with him.
So you will be our glory in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ, and we will be your glory.
When Joab saw that they had set the battle in array before him, he chose the army out of all the army of Israel, and set them in array against the Syrians.
Those who were round about him begged him that he would depart from them, because they were afraid. He sailed back.
But turn away from foolish divisions, from divisions of fathers' houses, and from the assembly of the law; for all these things are for nothing and for nothing.
They made kings, but not from me; and they made princes, but I didn't know: and they made idols of their silver and of their gold, so that they were cut off.
He bound their kings with iron, And their servants with iron;
Ben Hadad shall be in Helam, and in Tobiah, and in Jedaiah, and in Hiram, the son of Zephaniah, to be a memorial in the house of Yahweh.
Therefore I will mourn for the vine of Sibmah, and for the mourning of the Jezreelites; and I will chastise you with tears, Heshbon and Jeeraleh; for the cry of your harvest and of your grain comes quickly.
He cast them into the furnace of fire; and there they wept and shook.
Woe to him who is now satisfied! For he who is now hungry! Woe to him who is now stretched out! For he who is now weeping and weeping!
So the surface of the ground was covered with a covering of dust, and the appearance of everything was like the appearance of a carpet.
So my anger is exalted, and my wrath is ceased from them, and I am comforted; and when my wrath is ceased from them, they shall know that I, Yahweh, speak with zeal.
They sacrificed their sons and their daughters for a sacrifice to a demon;
I have returned from the fig tree of God, and have declared to those who have hope that I would preach the Good News of the Gentiles, that I should not turn aside from doing that which I have done, or that which I have done.
For many are disobedient, even those who speak deceitfully, even the circumcision.
This is the high priest which I have spoken, who sits on the right hand of the throne of God in heaven above.
Arise, go to Zerubbabel in Sidon, and dwell there: and behold, I have commanded a steward of the land to feed you.
The angel of Yahweh appeared to him in the midst of the burning of the thorns: and when he saw the thorns, behold, they were not burned with fire.
The word of Yahweh came to Zechariah the prophet, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo, in the twenty-first month, which is the twenty-first day of the month Seba, saying,
Therefore let's not feed one another with wickedness and wickedness, but let's sacrifice unleavened bread of pure and truth for a sacrifice.
Jehoiada was old and full of days. He died, and was one hundred thirty years old when he died.
The fullness of the kingdom, and the dominion, and the dominion of the kingdoms, shall be given to the highest of the peoples; and his kingdom shall be an everlasting kingdom, and all who have dominion shall serve him.
They gird themselves like a thorn, They drink like water, But they will burn like rotten grass.
He said to the man, Stretch out your hand. When he had stretched out his hand, he went out immediately as if he had stretched out another hand.
There were chambers toward the south in the wall of the court, and on the side of the gate, and on the side of the house, and on the side of the house.
He lived in the hill country of Ephraim, in Ramah, and in Bethel, under the oak of Debir: and all Israel went to him, and judged him.
Out of the tribe of Issachar, Zion with its suburbs, and Dabir with its suburbs,
The captain of the guard called Jeremiah, and said to him, Yahweh your God has spoken, to bring this evil on this place.
When you came forth out of Egypt, I made a covenant with you. Don't be afraid, because my Spirit is among you.
He who doesn't give a freewill offering, but gives a freewill offering, is like a wind, and there is no rain.
Their camels were forty-three hundred five; and their donkeys one thousand one hundred twenty.
The first living creature was like a lion, and the second like a young bull, and the third like a man, and so the third lived as an eagle.
They sacrificed on the mountain, and burned incense on the tops of the mountains, and under the oaks, and under the mighty oaks, and under the strong oaks; for their darkness was good: therefore your daughters have committed adultery, and your brides have committed adultery.
Jesus stood before the governor. The governor said to him, Are you the King of the Jews? He said to them, You say.
Woe to you, and weep, and shed tears, and turn your hands into mourning, and joy into groaning.
Then all those who sat in the midst of the assembly looked at him, and behold, his face was like the face of a god.
As for the prophets, my heart is grieved within me, and all my bones are broken. For Yahweh's sake, and for his holy word, I am as one who sins, as he who is made weak.
When the officers have preached to the people, then they shall set up the captains of the army to lead the people.
Sing to God, all the earth!
The cry of Heshbon and Jerealeh came to Jahaz. Therefore Moab cried out with the cry of the armor, and their heart trembled.
There passes a man from there, and behold, he is dead; and I have not found anything in my mouth.
If I say that I will forget my murmurings, That my laughter will be glad;
They brought up the ark of Yahweh, and the tent of meeting, and all the holy vessels of the Tent: and the priests and the Levites brought it up.
You shall count all the men of all the congregation of Israel by their fathers' houses, who shall go out to war from twenty years old and upward, all who are able to go out to war in Israel.
You want men to do to you, and so you do to men.
If evil comes on us, or a sword, or an armed man, or a pestilence, or a famine, or a calamity, then we will stand before this house, and cry to you before you; for your name is in this house, and you will hear our cry to deliver us.
then hear from heaven, and from your dwelling place, their prayer, and do according to all that the Gentiles ask of you: and let all the peoples of the earth know your name, and the fear of you, and of your people Israel; and let them know that I have made this house holy by your name.
There is none who is able to beat him. Who then can stand before me?
The apostles departed from the wisdom, from the joy of the heart; for they were found worthy to be reproved for the name of the Lord.
Moses said to Yahweh,
None of it. In all these things we have trusted in our God, and have received a perfect law.
Samson was thirsty, and cried to Yahweh; and he said, Though you have done great salvation in the hand of your servant, don't I now seek to die, and fall into the hand of those who are uncircumcised?
Ahijah was over the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and over the treasures of the holy things, among the Levites.
The woman conceived, and bore a son, and when she saw that she was a clean child, she put him in the womb three months.
But the Lord God didn't dwell in the house where he lived, as the prophet said,
Aaron ran to the assembly according to the word of Moses: and behold, the plague was in the people; and he gave them incense, and made atonement for the people.
Bezik in the plains of the wilderness for Reuben, and Rabbuath in Gilead for Gad, and Coran in Bashan for Manasseh.
For a strong city is become a desolation, And a desolate house is like the wilderness. The bulls will eat grass there, And there they will lie down, And the branches of the trees will be eaten.
All the people, even the officers who were with him, came near before the city, and encamped in the north of Ai: and there was a valley between it and Ai.
You shall come to the land which Yahweh your God gives you for an inheritance, and shall dwell therein;
They didn't burn the ephah, but every man according to his division received the spear, and the sword, and didn't flee.
There came a prophet to Ahab king of Israel, and said, Thus says Yahweh, Have you seen a great multitude? behold, today I will deliver them into your hand, and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Yahweh said, Take away my inheritance, Babylon; for you rejoice and are glad; for you gird up and gird up like a calf that treads on grain, and roar like a mighty horse.
Don't deceive yourself, for God is a reprobate. He shall receive according to the fruit of his labor.
I spoke to the priests and to all the people of this land, saying, Thus says Yahweh, Don't listen to the prophecies of the prophets which they prophesy to you: for they say, Behold, the vessels of the house of Yahweh shall not be brought again from Babylon; but they prophesy falsely to you.
I, Yahweh, have called you with righteousness, to take hold of your hand, and to keep you, that you may be a shield between you and the people, a light to the nations;
Now I tell you, don't form men, and let them go; for whatever they devise, and what they do, shall fail.
Put away the wicked from before the king, And his kingdom shall be established in righteousness.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and serve him; and you shall be with him, and swear by his name.
If I be afraid of the multitude, Or of the snares of the fathers' houses, So that I hold my peace, I will not go out;
For the Romans didn't receive, nor keep, the ordinances of the law.
It happened on the next day, that the Philistines came to the slain men, and found Saul and his three sons dead on Mount Gilboa.
He who was clothed in his garment was full of bread and blood. His name was The land of God.
It happened at that time, that when the king saw the writing on the king's desk and on the lampstand, that the king saw the writing on the king's hand,
You shall remember that you were bondservants in the land of Egypt; therefore I command you to do so.
If you will listen to the voice of Yahweh your God, The blessings of this blessing shall come on you, and shall be on you:
that you may be filled with the fullness of the love of Christ, which is revealed in the knowledge of him.
On this side were the faces of man, and their faces toward the right hand; and on that side the faces of lions, and their faces toward the left: so was the house round about.
If your people go out to fight against their enemies in the way which you have sent them, to the city which you have chosen, and to the house which I have built for your name, to pray to you;
The Jews sought Jesus in the midst of the feast, and said to him, Where is this man?
Declare the word of our Lord as a sign of salvation, which Paul, our beloved brother, gave him in God's wisdom, when he wrote to you.
He made ten brass vessels according to this measure: and their names, their names, their names, and their names were all written in the book of Revelation.
Yahweh will reign over all the earth. Yahweh will be known in that day. His name will be known in that day.
He is not the God of dead, but of living, for all men live for the Lord.
Leah conceived, and bore a son. She named him Reuben, because he said, Yahweh has seen my affliction. Now my husband loves me.
Many of my brothers are more confident in the Lord, and more confident in the word of God, because of my iniquity.
For they conspired against you to harm you, But they didn't succeed.
The offering is for a man to open his mouth, And to bring him before a great man.
I will offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving to you. I will call on the name of Yahweh.
Trust in the strong faith, and be steadfast in him; for you know the affliction of the sisters of the whole world.
So all the elders of Israel came to the king to Hebron: and David made a covenant with them in Hebron before Yahweh: and they anointed David, and made him king over Israel, as Yahweh had spoken by Samuel.
When you saw Nahash king of the children of Ammon coming against you, he said to me, No, but we are determined to have a king over us; and Yahweh your God is your king.
Most assuredly, I tell you, in the days of Elijah there will be three full years of affliction, and great famine in all the land; and there will be many in Israel at that time.
Joseph brought Jacob his father in, and stood before Pharaoh: and Jacob blessed Pharaoh.
I will bless those who bless you. I will punish those who curse you. In you all the peoples of the earth will be blessed.
Isn't it you who eat and you who drink, that you don't eat and you drink?
then shall your heart humble itself before Yahweh; for you have heard the words of his mouth against this place, and against the inhabitants of it; and you shall humble yourselves before me; and you shall tear your clothes, and weep before me; for I have heard your words, says Yahweh.
So you yourselves have established that you are the seed of the sons of those who have been slain by the prophets.
You have covered my feet with your knees. You have seen all my ways. You have commanded my steps.
When they had entered into the city, they drew near, and heard them: Peter, John, James, Antoleh, Philip, Thomas, Bartholomew, Mattai, James the son of Arphaius, Simon the son of Seloth, and Judas the son of Jacob.
My God, I will sing praises to you on the altar. I will sing praises to your faithfulness. I will sing praises to you on the altar of the Holy One of Israel.
They said to him, You are the disciple of the man, and we are Moses' disciple.
He said, Blessed be me. You have set me in the land of the South. Give me the springs of water. He gave him the springs of water, and the springs of water.
Sarah was afraid, and confessed, and said, I have no hand. The man said, Yes, you have no hand.
The children of Benjamin came again at that time; and the children of Israel gave them the young lady of Jabesh Gilead, whom he had left to live; but they didn't have enough.
For I appoint you a savior of the Lord, that you should appoint a savior of God.
Jehoshaphat the son of Asa became king after him, and he mighty against Israel.
not that he who confesses anything confesses it, but by the Spirit of God, and by the adversary of Christ; for you have heard that it is coming, but it is now come on the earth.
He touched his hand, and immediately the sun was setting, and he arose, and waited for him.
One head of the beast shall be like a death, and his death shall be healed; and all the people of the world shall marvel at it, and go after the beast.
He made the doors of the priest's office, and the doors of the court, and the doors of the court, and overlaid them with brass.
The waters were poured out on the earth forty days: and the waters lifted up the roof, and covered the ships with vines, and the ships were on the earth.
and if you seek understanding as money, and seek understanding as hidden treasures;
The elders of his city shall call him, and tell him, If he remembers, saying, I will not seek him,'
When they were baptized, he also came to be baptized. When he prayed, the heaven opened,
and Ain with its suburbs, and Utha with its suburbs, and Beth Shemesh with its suburbs; four cities in all: they gave them out of these two tribes.
They also, two of the convicts, went and died with him.
He who devises evil will be called evil-doers.
Laban and Bethuel answered, It is Yahweh's, and we can't speak to you good or bad.
So now I live, not as I am, but Christ dwells in me. I live, but I believe in the Son of God. Christ loves me, and has forsaken my life.
(There were on the one side thirty-three thousand five hundred sheep,
Jehoash king of Israel took Amaziah king of Judah, the son of Jehoash the son of Jehoash, in Beth Shemesh, and brought him to Jerusalem; and he broke down the wall of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim to the upper gate, eight hundred cubits.
Isn't it written, The Christ is the seed of David, who came out of Bethlehem, the city of David?'
As Yahweh destroyed the nations before you, so will you be destroyed; because you didn't listen to the voice of Yahweh your God.
Rejoice in the Lord continually. Yes, I say again, rejoice!
For if a tree is cut down, there is hope, and it fails, and the branches of it don't cease.
He saves others, but he can't save himself. Now he reigns over Israel. Come down from the cross, and we will believe.
Every man who perishes by himself is unclean in his bed. He is unclean in his work.
It happened in the ninth year, when the kings were gone out, that David sent Joab, and his servants, and all Israel: and they killed the children of Ammon, and overthrew Rabbah: and David lived in Jerusalem.
Hezekiah turned his face to the right hand, and prayed to Yahweh,
You shall not take the recompense of the man who fled to the city of refuge, and give him to die before the priest, and to dwell in the land.
Kill them, Lord, and crush their speech; For I have seen violence and divisions in my city.
For he will cause you to sin, and not sin, according to your word.
But the righteous shall rejoice, and they shall rejoice before God; and they shall rejoice continually.
He said to them, See what you hear. Whatever you measure, God will measure to you, and it will be multiplied to you.
I will take the silver of Samaria, and the great silver of the house of Ahab, and will put them on the walls of Jerusalem, so that seven pots shall be set up in Jerusalem; and seven pots shall be broken.
Elisha said to him, What shall I do to you? You tell me. What shall be in your house? He said to him, There is not a drop of oil left in your handmaid's house.
As you lived in these dreams, so did you walk in them.
There is the heavens, and there is the earth; but the light of the ear is not like the light of the earth.
Nevertheless my eyes are still on them, and I will not destroy them, neither will I destroy them in the wilderness.
The border went down to the river Canaan eastward, and the cities of Manasseh were in the midst of the cities of Manasseh: and the border of Manasseh was on the north side of the river, and went up to the sea.
For they have set a snare in a pit without a cover, A pit that will destroy my life.
Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you entered into a man's court for a man's sake, and he went from one end of the earth to another. But when he was in, you made him a more evil man than you.
It happened in the second year of Darius, in the ninth month, that the word of Yahweh came to Zechariah the prophet, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo, saying,
They speak proudly, But everyone who works iniquity is a liar.
I cut off the Amorites from before them, and they were great as cedars, and mighty as oaks; but I destroyed their fruit on the top of it, and broke down their roots on the bottom of it.
Thus did the captivity: and Ezra the priest, and certain of the heads of fathers' houses, were appointed by their fathers' houses according to their families; and they did this thing together in the tenth month, on the first day of the month.
That they may hear the song of thanksgiving, And speak of all your marvelous works.
Serve Yahweh with a joyful heart. Sing praises before him.
Therefore love the stranger; for you were also strangers in the land of Egypt.
They said, We will not drink wine; for Jonadab the son of Rechab, our prophet, commanded us, saying, You shall not drink wine, you, nor your seed forever:
But Jesus didn't give the priesthood to another, for he lived.
They divided my garments by lot. They divided my garments by lot.
You have been released from sin, and have become bondservants of righteousness.
I testify that he has labored diligently for you, and for the Greeks, and for the Greeks.
Don't give to the animal gentleness. Don't forget the life of the poor forever.
As for man, his days are like grass. His fruit is like the flower of the field.
He made the lampstand of pure gold, and the base of the lampstand, and the pillars of it, and the cups of it, and the branches of it, and the flowers of it, of beaten work.
A man shouts for a multitude of oppressors, And he cries for the oppressors of violence.
Yahweh answered the angel who spoke with me with good words and with comfort.
Behold, I will show them this, says Yahweh; and I will show them my arm and my might; and they shall know that my name is Yahweh.
But Job said to her, Why do you speak like these foolish women? Didn't we receive good from Yahweh, and not evil from him? He didn't sin from his mouth in all this.
The sword is delivered into the hand, and into the hand. It is in its place, and into the hand of the slain.
Samuel answered, I sacrifice to Yahweh for peace. Cleanse yourselves, and sacrifice with me. Samuel cleansed Jesse and his sons, and called them to sacrifice with me.
Give to man, and you shall receive; and you shall give to you a measure of the fruit of your covenant: lift him up, and shake him, that he may be full, and fall into your garments; for whatever measure you give to man, they shall return to you.
I know, Yahweh, that man's way is not his own; and he who walks in it can't put his own foot wrong.
and thirty-five thousand four hundred.
Now the life of my father is with the life of this child. I have returned to my father my servant, if the child isn't with us,
In the day of rain there is no water, Neither is there a woman who has a blemish.
He made a belt of fine twined linen, and blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
He put it on the throne, and put the power and the understanding in the throne.
So the waters were mixed with frankincense and frankincense. They were all in the golden oven.
They went out, and came into the city, and found all that Jesus had said. They prepared the Passover there.
They will tell you, At the end of the day certain men will be revealed who do ungodly deeds, and will slander other men's faith.
The old man lifted up his eyes, and saw men walking in the streets of the city; and he said to him, Where have you come from? Where have you gone?
Don't please the wicked, Yahweh. Don't let their counsel fail, that they may be proud. Selah.
The day of Israel's death came, and he called Joseph his son, and said to him, If I have found favor in your sight, lay your hand on me, and swear to me with loving kindness and truth; don't bury me in Egypt.
Adonijah was afraid because of Solomon, and arose, and broke the horns of the altar.
Jesus answered them, I will give him bread. The man was he. He gave him a loaf of bread, and gave it to Judas the son of Simon of Caledon.
The brother whom we love, and the faithful minister, Titus, will tell you my ways and my ways.
They inherited it, and inherited it from Jonah. They said to him, Tell us now, for who is the cause of this evil? What is your inheritance? Where are you from? Where is your place? What is your family?
that he might reconcile us to his sins, that we might be reconciled to him, and to the righteousness of God.
Now I tell you what I will do to my vineyard. I will break down the vine, and destroy it. I will break down the wall, and destroy it.
Behold, the words which you shall speak shall be very long; and when they shall long, they shall know that there was a prophet among them.
His bones are full of the strength of his youth; But he shall fall with him on the ground.
All the sons of Eleazar, and all the sons of Ithamar, were according to their families by their fathers' houses: they didn't divide the land among them: a land was prince in the sanctuary, and a land was prince in the sight of God.
Saul said to Jonathan, What have you said to me that you are dead? Jonathan said, Most assuredly I have sprinkled a little honey from my hand on my eyes. Will I therefore die?
This is love, which you heard from the beginning, according to the commandment of God, that we should live.
When I brought forth your fathers out of Egypt, you came to the sea, and the Egyptians carried their chariots and their horsemen, and pursued your fathers to the Red Sea.
He made poles of acacia wood, and overlaid them with brass.
Those who were numbered with the Gentiles were ten thousand, and those who were numbered with them, and those who were numbered with them, and those who were numbered with them, and those who were numbered with them, and those who were numbered with them, and those who were numbered with them, and those who were numbered with them, and those who were numbered with them, and those who were numbered with them, and those who were numbered with them, and those who were numbered with
But he was full of grace and power, and great wonders and signs among the people.
It happened at that time, that they brought sackcloth with them, to bring the sackcloth before him.
The princes of Moab rose up, and went to Balak, and said, Balaam will not come with us.
When I come to you, don't chastise me for you; for I will not chastise those who do the things which are written in the book of the testimony.
We roar like a harp, And call like a band of robbers. We hope for justice, but they don't find it. We hope for salvation, but they are far from us.
Grace to us, mercy, and peace from God our Father, and Jesus Christ our Father, that we may live full of truth and love.
I command you, daughters of Jerusalem, the rams and the ravens of the field: Don't let him be wet, neither be dismayed at my desire, until he has made an end.
All the silver that was found in the house of Yahweh was poured out, and delivered into the hand of the laborer and of the laborer.
He went out again in the morning, and saw a man standing on a great path,
For the king's ships went with the servants of Hiram to Tarshish; and the ships of Tarshish carried gold, and silver, and jewels, and armor, and vessels, three years.
It happened, when Joshua was dead, that the children of Israel inquired of Yahweh, saying, Who shall go up first against the Canaanites, who fight against us?
There was a lame man at Lystra, who sat at the table, and didn't walk, because he was a lame man.
He tore the tower of Penuel, and killed the men of the city.
I will declare to him my footstool. I will come to him as a king.
because they have persecuted you with a deceitful plan, in the matter of Bohol, and in the matter of Cozpah the daughter of Midian, with a deceitful plan; and this Cozpah has persuaded you with a deceitful plan in the day of pestilence; for the matter of Bohol has been uncovered.
When he had been slain, many witnesses showed him that he was alive. In forty days he appeared to the disciples, and spoke to them about the Kingdom of God.
If she said, I am not a vision, therefore I am not a body. She is not a body, because of this.
He came near, and gave them bread, and fish, and so he gave them.
Joram said, Take a chariot, and he took it: and Joram king of Israel and Ahaziah king of Judah went out, and they took every man his chariot, and went out to take Jehu, and found him in the field of Naboth the Jezreelite.
They cast out many arks, and anointed many people, and healed them.
He saw that Christ was more reproachful than the treasures of Egypt, because he longed for the reward.
For I don't want to repeat the things that were done to you, except Jesus Christ, who was crucified with him, and who was crucified with him.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Will your heart be strong in the day that I visit you? Will your hand be strong? Thus will you do, says Yahweh.
He had two wives: the name of the one was Hannah, and the name of the other Peninnah. Peninnah had sons and daughters, but Hannah had no sons and daughters.
Then he commanded the children of Benjamin, saying, Go, hide yourselves among the vines:
Adonijah said to him, Go in, for you are a liar, and you will be better than a good man.
They gathered themselves together in the temple day by day with one accord, and proclaimed the feast of the Sabbaths, eating and drinking, and praising God with one accord,
They answered him, Our fathers are Abraham. Jesus said to them, If you are Abraham's seed, you will do that which Abraham did.
I tell you that the camel is more abundantly than the rich in the Kingdom of Heaven.
If you offer an offering made by fire for a meal offering, you shall make unleavened bread of fine flour, fine flour mixed with oil, and unleavened cakes of oil mixed with oil.
He sent the young men of Israel, and offered burnt offerings, and sacrificed oxen for peace offerings to Yahweh.
The ox went straight ahead toward the way of Beth Shemesh; and he went straight ahead; he went forward and he went back and forth; he didn't turn to the right hand nor to the left; and the princes of the Philistines came after them to the border of Beth Shemesh.
Then Adoni-Sedith king of Jerusalem heard that Joshua had taken away the city of Ai, and had destroyed it utterly, as he had done to the city of Ai and to the king of it, as he did to Jericho and to the king of it: and he heard that the inhabitants of Gibeon had made a covenant with the children of Israel, and lived among them;
All the land of Egypt shall be before you; and you shall cause your father and your brothers to dwell in the most pleasant place of the land; and they shall dwell in the land of Goshen: and if you know the worse of them, you shall cause them to rule over my livestock.
Remember them, my God, for they have broken the covenant of the priests, the poor priests, and the Levites.
You will be hated by all men because of me.
I will set apart my people and your people, and this sign will be in the morning.'
Touch your tongue, and don't speak evil. Touch your lips, and don't speak deceitful words.
The Levites, the priests' sons, who bore the tithe, even the sons of Abraham, and all Israel with them, were brothers; yet they were commanded to bring in the tithe of the tithe from the people according to the law.
Then Judah was his sanctuary, And Israel his kingdom.
He saw two ships sailing by the sea, and they departed from the ship, and were bathing.
Whether you go into a city, or into a sanctuary, you shall hear who among you will beg you, and go up there, and dwell there, until you have departed from the threshing floor.
Oh that you would remember the prayer and the supplication of your servant, Yahweh my God, and would hear the supplication of your servant, which he has supposed before you this day.
You sons of mighty men, give glory and strength to Yahweh, and to Yahweh.
You have not bought for me silver, nor given me oil for your sacrifices; but have labored for your sins, and I have wept for your iniquities.
Judas Iscariot, the son of Jacob, and Judas Iscariot, the Caledonian, who betrayed him.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who enters into the service in the Tent of Meeting shall number himself.
I will establish him in my house and in my kingdom forever. His throne shall be established forever.'
When he was dead, a fox was by the roadside. When the bird came, he ate and drank of the seed.
Yahweh said to Joshua, Don't be afraid of them; for I have delivered them into your hand; and there shall not stand before you a man with them.
and all the sheep and the oxen, and the wild animals of the field;
Son of man, prophesy for it, and tell Gog, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Don't you know the day of rest for my people Israel?
From the River even to the land of the Philistines, even to all the kingdoms that were beyond the border of Egypt, Solomon overthrew them: and in the days of Solomon's life they stood up and served him.
The wounds of the friend are good, But the kisses of the enemy are treacherous.
The idol will be utterly destroyed.
He said to them, What are you talking about with them?
Don't forsake me, Yahweh. Don't be far from me, my God.
Jesus answered them, You don't know. You don't know the power of God.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: In the first month, on the first day of the month, take uncircumcised bulls, and purify the sanctuary.
Zedekiah the king commanded to put Jeremiah in the court of the guard, and to give him a male every day out of the house of the baker, until there was no male in the city. Jeremiah remained in the court of the guard.
The king said to all his people, Behold, this people Israel is greater and mightier than we.
Then they poured out their sacks, so that they couldn't see every man's money in his sacks; and when they saw their money, they and their fathers were afraid.
For you didn't circumcise the need of the saints, but multiplied the thanksgiving of God to many.
You shall dwell in one house wherever you go in, and you shall go out from there.
We are God's. He who knows God hears us, and he who doesn't know God doesn't listen to us. So we can discern between the Spirit of truth and the Spirit of righteousness.
He freed those who were afraid of death, and became bondsersers all the days of their life.
Let the king plead the cause of the afflicted, Save the poor, And lead the oppressed away.
Then Jesus went with his disciples to a place called Gad Samson. He said to his disciples, Sit here, until I come and pray there.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: Thus shall you tell the king of Judah, when he has sent you to me to inquire of me, saying, Behold, the army that came out to help you, the army of Pharaoh, shall return into the land of Egypt.
I write to you, Titus, who is my true son in our faith. Grace to you and peace from God our Father, and Christ Jesus our Savior.
But I will bring back the captivity of the children of Ammon, says Yahweh.
You have made your base in the garden of Eden, in the garden of God, of every precious stone, of ruby, and of gold, and of purple, and of scarlet, and of purple, and of scarlet, and of ruby, and of hyssop, which you sacrificed to you in the day that you were made.
Moses went up into the cloud, and Moses stayed on the mountain forty days and forty nights.
If you love one another, then all will know that you are my disciples.
There shall be no night nor day, neither shall there be the light of the lamp, nor the light of the sun; for the Lord God will shine on them, and they shall reign forever.
and the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mixed with the fourth part of a hin of oil, for a meal offering.
There is Assyria, and all his people; and their graves are round about him: they are all slain by the sword.
As for all the wicked neighbors, whom I have given to the house of Israel to possess it, thus says Yahweh: Behold, I will drive them out of their land, and I will drive the house of Judah out of the midst of them.
The princes, being angry with Jeremiah, struck him, and put him in the prison of Jonathan the scribe, because they had made him a prisoner.
He will judge the world in righteousness. He will judge all men in justice.
and the food, and the perfume, and the oil, and the honey, which I have given you, which I have given you, you shall set before them for a sweet savor, says the Lord Yahweh; and you shall surely do it.
The Lord said, We will not enter into the cities of the Gentiles, which are not of the children of Israel; but it is better for us to pass over to Gibeah.
From thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who enters into the service in the Tent of Meeting shall number himself.
The angel cast the pomegranates into the earth, and the vines into the earth, and the grapes into the winepress of God's wrath.
Yahweh your God will also gather you from there, and bring you again from there, you who are thrown down, and you who are in heaven.
I have spoken concerning a nation or a nation, to establish and to establish;
If he accepts you, the peace which you have blessed will be theirs. If not, take the peace which you have blessed.
He said, Beware, don't be deceived, for many will come in my name, saying, I am the Christ,' and, The hour is near. Don't follow them.
It happened after this, that Moab and the children of Ammon came together, and the Midianites to fight against Jehoshaphat.
Yahweh said to him, Take me three young bulls, three male goats, three male rams, three male lambs a year old, one male donkey, and one female donkey.
They said one to another, Didn't we bring bread, as he said?
He who commits iniquity is a deceiver; for the devil has iniquity from the beginning; but the work of the Son of God is to destroy the work of the devil.
You shall strike every strong city, and every beautiful city, and shall cut down every good tree, and shall bind all the springs of water, and shall stone all the good fields.
You have thrown forth a great famine. You have thrown down those who rise up against you. You have thrown forth a great wrath. You have burned them like grass.
They came very far from the way which I commanded them; and they brought down for themselves a bull, and worshiped it, and sacrificed to it, saying, This is the god that brought you up out of the land of Egypt.
God is our refuge and strength, And help in times of trouble.
Besides Jesus, they were not saved, for there was no name given among men in heaven, that we might be saved by that name.
Your eyes are the light of your body. If your eyes are gold, all your body is light; If your eyes are purple, all your body is darkness.
The fugitives' strength was tested, and they stood in the shadow of Heshbon: but the fire went forth out of Heshbon, and the fire out of Sihon, and consumed all the border of Moab, and all the head of the laborers.
I, Daniel, have seen this vision, and have sought to understand it: and there will be before me a man who will appear like a man.
My brothers, if it please you, don't swear by heaven, or by earth, or by any thing: if it is said, Yes, and not, so that you won't be judged.
I brought them into the midst of the peoples, and gathered them together to a place where there was not a man left: and they shall know that I am Yahweh their God.
Don't be far from me, Yahweh. Reach to me, Yahweh, my strength.
It happened in the morning, that Pharaoh's heart was troubled, and he sent, and took all the idols and the enchantments of Egypt: and Pharaoh told them what he dreamed, and there was no one who could tell Pharaoh's dream.
Simon Peter answered him, Lord, who are we to follow? For you have spoken a word of eternal life.
See if I have done any evil thing. Lead me in a way that leads to eternal life.
Hear, it is the voice of my beloved. Behold, he comes. He dances on the mountains, He dances on the bars.
It happened in the tenth year, in the seventh month, on the seventh day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
A voice shall be heard on the earth, for Yahweh will be with the nations, and he will deal with all those who are gathered; and if it be the wicked, he will deliver them to the sword, says Yahweh.
He had seven sons and three daughters.
But if there are those who do the little things, I will rejoice.
(Now Hannah cried in her heart, but her lips were stiff, and she didn't hear: therefore Eli became drunk.)
You shall not stand among those who flee among them; neither shall you deliver the remnant of them against their adversaries in the day of their calamity.
The children of his servants shall inherit the land, And those who love him shall dwell in it.
The rest of the families of the sons of Kohath, their cities, were ten cities with their suburbs.
Can a man profit from God? Yes, a wise man profits himself.
It happened, when Rachel had conceived Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, Send me away, that I may return to my place and to my land.
and the gold and the silver which the king and his servants pleased to offer, to give to the God of Israel, who dwells at Jerusalem;
You shall teach them to keep all my commandments which I command you; and you shall remember that I am with you until the end of the world.
He told him all that was in his heart, and said to him, The king hasn't slain my head with the sword; for I am a prostitute to Yahweh from my mother's womb; and if he lifts me up, my strength shall depart from me, and I shall be a reproach to others.
So shall he who is holy be clothed with white, and I will not blot out his name from the book of life; but I will utterly deny his name before my Father and his angels.
All your brothers greet you. Greet each other with a holy offering.
Israel said, Why do you tell the man that you are a brother, seeing you do so to me?
You will break them with a rod of iron, Like a rod that is driven by a whirlwind.
If I go up into heaven, there you are. If I lie down in Sheol, there you are also.
It happened, when Ramah heard a voice, that she wept and was grieved greatly, that Rachel wept for her sons and for her daughters; and she would not be comforted, for they were all gone.
When his brothers saw that his father loved him more, they hated him, and spoke pleasant things with him.
Ahimelech said to the king, Who is among your servants, who is worthy of David? He is the son of the king, and he is your counselor, and honorable in your house.
Is the man whose field is to be tilled continually? Or is he who sifts his ground continually?
David took Ahinoam the Jezreelite, and they were all his wives.
You shall take a small portion of the reed of it, and lay it on the earth, and you shall not shout at it.
For you, Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel, have proclaimed to your servant, saying, I will build you a house: therefore your servant has prayed graciously to you with this prayer.
Thus shall you say to them, Those who are not gods of heaven shall perish from the earth and from the air.
But he lay still in the stern, and his disciples called him, saying, Teacher, do we have no need for you?
The boy burned incense in his bowels; and he said, Why then have I seen such a thing as this? He went and inquired of Yahweh.
The elders of Jabesh said to him, Please allow us to stay seven days, that we may send to all the borders of Israel: and if none save us, we will come out and take you.
This grace calls us to forsake the life of ungodliness, and the love of sin, and to pass over the wrath of righteousness and of godliness in this world;
Those who are great have wisdom, but those who are modest have justice.
How is the house of God with the idols set up? We are the house of the living God. As God has said, I will dwell with my people, and walk among them. I will be their God, and they will be my people.
They have prospered all their days. A few days they have brought down Sheol.
Neither have I prayed for them, Neither have I prayed for the word which I preached to them,
Don't lie, and deceive; For you have redeemed your lords and your kinsmen,
Jesus, perceiving it, said to them, Why do you despise this woman? For she did good for me.
The one cherub was five cubits long, and went out to the other side of the house: and the other cherub was five cubits long, and the cherub's wings.
No matter what it is, it shall not be feared by the adversary, that they may perish, and that you may be strengthened; for all this is the work of God.
Then I said, My strength has perished. I have no hope in Yahweh.
David said to him, Who are you? From where have you come? He said to him, I am an Egyptian young man, a servant of the Amalekites; for I was sick three days ago, and my master left me.
The Levites shall cry out to all Israel with a loud voice, saying,
Rehoboam lived in Jerusalem, and built fortified cities in the land of Judah.
Reuben answered them, Didn't I tell you, Don't harm the child by committing iniquity? but you didn't listen. Therefore the iniquity of his blood is poured out on us.
When his brothers saw that their father was dead, they said, Is it possible that Joseph hates us, and does to us all the evil that we have done to him?
They found songs, and no one made them bread, nor comforted them for the dead: they died by their own will, and no one made them drink of the cup of comfort.
Behold, there stood before him a certain scribe.
He cried to all the army of Israel, and said to them, What will you do? Am I not a Philistine, and you not Saul's servant? choose one of you, and bring him down to me.
Many years shall a man live; many years shall he rejoice; but only to the days of darkness; for many are the days of darkness. All that shall come shall be vanity.
Son of man, why is this so to you in the land of Israel, saying, There is no vision in the day?'
I will make him a desolation, and he shall be no more sown, neither shall he be redeemed any more; but he shall be cut down and cut down; and I will command the cloud to not fall on him.
He has given us this blessing. He has made all understanding sound.
Aaron was one hundred twenty-three years old when he died on Mount Hor.
God said, The heavens of the heavens shall have a light, that they may separate them day and night, and that they may be for a sign, for a sign, for a sign, for a day, for a year,
If a man has two wives, one of whom he loves, and one of whom he hates, then he shall give him a son; but the first is the son of whom he hates.
The sons of Asa the singer stood by them, and kept the doors of the gates, as David, Asaph, Heman, and Jeduthun the king's son, commanded: they shall not depart from their work; for their brothers the Levites had prepared them.
David said to the men who were with him, Take swords every man. They took swords, and David took swords. There were about two hundred men who went up with David, and two hundred kept ten things.
When they go, I will cast my net over them. I will make them fall like a bird of the sky. I will mock them according to the word of their congregation.
But Zerubbabel and Eshai, and the elders of the children of Israel, said to them, We will build the house of our God, and you shall not hinder us: we will build ourselves for Yahweh, the God of Israel, as the king of Persia, the king of Cyrus, commanded us.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
On the seventh day wash your clothes, and you shall be clean; and you shall go into the camp.
Jehoiada the priest took a reed, and put it in a reed of a reed on the side of the altar on the right side of the house of Yahweh: and the priest who kept the gate of the house of Yahweh put the money that was brought into the house of Yahweh into the reed.
My face is darkened by my tears. There is a shadow of death in my eyes.
The priest shall offer the sin offering, and kill the man who is to be cleansed, and make atonement for his uncleanness, and kill the burnt offering.
For he who gives the sheep to my Father is better than all; and no one can take them out of the Father's hand.
In those days, when the house of God was in Shiloh, the Danites took for themselves the engraved images which Micah had made.
A day goes out to his father, And to those who are redeemed.
Jerusalem, Jerusalem, you have killed the prophets, and stoned the messengers who were sent to you, whom God had sent to you. I want to gather your sons and your daughters, as a woman gathers her sons and her daughters, but you don't.
Some of the Sadducees, who didn't believe, came to him.
Yahweh said to Moses, Declare all the heads of fathers' houses of the people before Yahweh on the first day of the week, that the wrath of Yahweh may be poured out on Israel.
But they rebelled against the angel of Yahweh, and defied his word, and blasphemed his prophets, until Yahweh's wrath was kindled against his people, and there was no remedy.
and those who were numbered of them, by their families, by their fathers' houses, were twenty-six thousand six hundred thirty.
The man said to him, What commandment? Jesus answered him, Kill no one, don't commit adultery, don't steal, don't be false witnesses,
Jesus answered them, Didn't I call you twelve? There was also a demon among you.
For it is better for a man to die for the righteous, Than for the righteous to die for the wrong.
I will open my mouth and speak parables. I will speak ancient parables,
Bring to me your father, and all your household; and I will give you the good things of the land of Egypt; and you shall eat the little sea of the land.
Moreover they made strangers to inquire, from small to great, and their eyes were dim, and they didn't see; and they sought, and didn't seek.
Jacob said to him, My lord knows that if a child is born prematurely, and a ram is born prematurely, and is driven away for a day, all the flock will die.
You labor in vain, because your land has not yielded its fruit, Neither has the tree of your land yielded its fruit.
Rejoice with him, you who love Jerusalem; rejoice with him, you who mourn for it; rejoice with him, you who mourn for it;
The elders of the congregation shall lay their hands on the head of the bull before Yahweh; and they shall kill the bull before Yahweh.
The nations shall be blessed, says Yahweh of Armies; for your land shall be a pleasant land.
It happened in the year of Jehoiakim, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up: and Jehoiakim served him three years, and rebelled against him.
and the children of the strangers who are among you, and the children of those who are with you, and the children of those who are with you, and the children of those who are born with you in your land, you may buy from them, and they shall be your inheritance.
Moses brought the people out of the camp to meet God, and they stood on the mountain.
You shall kill him on the north side of the altar before Yahweh: and Aaron's sons the priests shall sprinkle his blood on the altar round about.
His daughter's name was Seerah, who built Beth Horon, and Beth Horon, and Uzselah.
Paul, who was crucified for Christ Jesus, and wrote a letter to Philip, our beloved brother,
You have sown iniquity. You have redeemed iniquity. You have eaten a lying fruit. For you have trusted in your own ways. You have trusted in many mighty men.
Moses and Aaron fell before all the congregation of Israel.
Why do the nations prophesy? Why do the peoples devise vain things?
For you know that when he sought to be blessed, he was rejected by his father, because he didn't seek wisdom to change his father's heart, so that, though he cried out with tears, he couldn't be blessed.
Be dismayed, ship of Tarshish, for Tyre is laid waste, and there is neither house, nor man to enter in. This news shall be known to them from the land of Kittim.
But the Jews said, He said, You can't go to the place where I am going.' Shall he go to trial?
and with you, the young men and the virgins; and with you, the shepherds and their flocks; and with you, the farmers and their great herds; and with you, the governors and their officers;
I will bring you into the wilderness of the Gentiles, and there I will examine you.
The high priest said, Are these these things?
For the Lord heard the voice of the chariot and the voice of the horse, the voice of a great army, among the army of Syria. They said, Behold, this is the king of Israel, who bought the kings of the Hittites, and the kings of Egypt, to fight against us.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were fifty-two thousand three hundred.
It happened, as soon as he went up into the great land, that all the foundations of the prison trembled, and all the prison gates were opened, and the knees of the wicked trembled.
The seven priests who bore the seven horns of the ram went before the ark of Yahweh uprightly, and blew the trumpet: and the armored men went before them; and after the ark of the covenant of Yahweh the priests blew the trumpet again.
Most assuredly I tell you, when the heavens and the earth are shaken, and the law is reformed, the law is not shaken one at a time.
The king of Egypt said to them, Moses and Aaron, why do you let the people bear their burdens? go, do the work which you ought to do.
having received the Holy Spirit, knowing that before he had seen Christ, the promise of the Lord,
Don't let your fathers provoke your children to anger, That they don't perish in tears.
He made the hin of a sweet savor, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Behold, they go away from evil; the Egyptians will gather them, and the Moabites bury them: and they shall bring forth their wares for money, and their baskets shall bring forth their wares.
I am a Jew who was born in Damascus, in the city of Jerusalem, a disciple of Gamaliel, and a ruler of the kingdom that is here this day, to teach our fathers the law with all his heart and with all his soul.
When he had commanded the twelve, he departed from there, and went into the city, teaching and preaching the Good News.
Now there was a certain servant of the centurion whom he had appointed, who was sick and was about to die.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Take your rod, and stretch out your hand on the waters of Egypt, on their rivers, on their streams, and on all their springs, that they may be turned into blood: and there shall be blood in all the land of Egypt, in all the vessels of wood, and in all the vessels of stone.
David said to the servants who were with him in Jerusalem, Arise, let us flee; and if we don't flee, we can't escape Absalom: let us hurry, and come; lest he come near to pursue us, and destroy us, and kill the men of the city with the edge of the sword.
Know therefore that the word of God concerning salvation has been preached to the Gentiles, and they will hear and receive it.
Woe to you, nations, when your king is a child, And your princes rejoice in the morning.
He took him by the hand, and gave him thanks. This man was a Samaritan.
Your lips are like thorns. Your mouth is beautiful. Your lips are like open pomegranates in the womb.
Is it according to your commandment, that an eagle is crowned on high?
You fathers, don't provoke your children to anger, but strengthen them in the Lord's commandments and in his precepts.
It happened after this, that Jeroboam didn't depart from his evil way; but he set up a high priest out of all the people; and whoever desired to have him, he set him up as a high priest.
Then will I establish your throne, as I have made a covenant with David your father, saying, Your seed shall rule over Israel forever.
You shall not eat the bread of a robber, nor buy his good wine.
Every creeping thing that creeps on you, and that walks on your feet, is an abomination to you.
Isaiah said, Take a piece of fig bread. They took it, and laid it on the cot, and the king was well.
Jesus answered them, The seasons and the days are the commandments of the Father, which you don't know.
until Yahweh gives peace to your brothers, and to all who have given you it; and they shall receive the land which Yahweh your God gives to them beyond the Jordan; and you shall return every man to the land which I give to you for an inheritance.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
If a man doesn't keep one portion of the law, then he doesn't keep all the law.
For those who are circumcised and those who are uncircumcised are not circumcised; but those who are circumcised obey the commandments of God.
They answered before the king, Daniel, the captive of the children of Judah, he has not taken away your supplication nor your supplication, but he prays three times a day.
To him who created the light, For his loving kindness endures forever.
This is the history of Noah's generations. Noah was righteous, and perfect in his generation. Noah went with God.
and he spoke to him concerning these things, saying, The Hebrew servant, whom you brought to us from abroad, will come to me to make mention of me;
It happened in those days, when Mordecai was sitting at the king's gate, that there were in the king's guard two men who kept the gate: Benthon and Teresh, who were angry, and plotted against king Ahasuerus.
Pharaoh said, Behold, the people of the land are very many, and you will call them to nothing.
He drove out the nations before them, And measured the land of the Gentiles with a cord, And gave it for an inheritance, And made the tribes of Israel to dwell in tents of the Gentiles.
Grace be with you, Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
Yahweh said to Moses, When you go up into Egypt, do that which is right in your hand, and show it before Pharaoh: but I will harden his heart, and he shall not let this people go.
The young ladies of Zion are purer than milk, and whiter than milk, and their flesh is finer than a jewel, as the light of a sapphire stone.
As for Jehoiakim king of Judah, say you, Thus says Yahweh, You have burned it, saying, Why have you written in it, saying, The king of Babylon shall surely destroy the land, and cause the inhabitants of it, and the livestock, to die?
Yahweh said to Joshua, Arise, why do you fall thus on the earth!
Then his disciples came and asked him, Who is the greatest in the Kingdom of Heaven?
For your arrows pierced my flesh. Your hand held me tightly.
He went with him, and great multitudes followed him.
He overlaid the house with gold, and the cords, and the poles, and the walls, and the doors, with cherubim.
For thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will bring out the inhabitants of this land at this time, and will make them sick, and will make them fat.
that your days may be multiplied, and the days of your seed, in the land which Yahweh swore to your fathers to give them; as the day that the heavens covered the earth.
Rehoboam went to Shechem; for all Israel came to Shechem to make him king.
He commanded us to preach the Good News to all, that he might be judge of both the living and the dead.
and all the house of Joseph, and his brothers, and the household of his father; and their little ones, and their flocks, and their herds, were left in the land of Goshen.
You don't know him, but I know him. If I say that I don't know him, I am a liar. I know him, and have kept his word.
As we have grown in your love, let the Lord increase the love of your neighbor and the love of all men day by day.
When he had made peace, he called his disciples, and rebuked them. When he had reconciled with them, he went out into Macedonia.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David: and Joram his son reigned in his place.
Yahweh was angry with Israel, and gave them into the hand of the Philistines, and into the hand of the children of Ammon.
The handmaid is a sluggard, And the handmaid is a prostitute.
They kill widows and foreigners, And kill fatherless.
Joab the son of Zeruiah, and the servants of David, came out, and struck the pool at Gibeon: and they sat down, one on this side of the pool, and another on that side of the pool.
They poured out gold out of the ground, and weighed silver with their ear, and took silver for a signet, and fell on them, and worshiped them.
He enjoins all men, both small and great, rich and poor, free and servile, to keep them safe in the right hand and in the left.
Then his disciples said to him, Teacher, come and eat.
He took Aaron's garments, and put them on Eleazar his son: and Aaron died there, and went to his father's house.
The voice said to him the second time, Don't be defiled with the cleansing that God has given him.
For I eat my food with my mouth. I cry out like a flood.
The angel will cast him into a deep pit, and shut him up, and will shut him up with a whirlwind, that he may not return to the nations, until a thousand years are fulfilled; and after this he will surely be released for a while.
Break down your heart, and don't tear your clothes. Return to Yahweh your God; For he is gentle, merciful, without wrath, Full of goodness, and has redeemed his evil.
Yahweh said, I have sown a vineyard. There is none like me among all the people. I have sown it in my anger. I have sown it in my wrath. Their blood has poured out on my garments. I have made all my garments unclean.
Turn your yoke, and come near to me.
But he shall make the firstborn of the wife whom he hates, and shall divide the inheritance between them; for this is the beginning of his strength, and the name of the firstborn is he.
You shall not bond yourself with any animal; neither shall a woman stand before any animal; it is a holy thing.
For heaven and earth, and the earth, and all things that are in it, can't break the love which God has shown us through our Lord Jesus Christ.
A good head is better than a bad one. The strength of the heart is greater than pride.
Balak did according to the word of Balaam: and Balak and Balaam offered up a bull and a ram on every altar.
The children of Israel did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and Yahweh made Eglon king of Moab to be mighty against Israel; for they did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh.
the tent, its bed, its snuffers, its hooks, its snuffers, its snuffers, its pillars, its sockets,
The Lamb went on his way, and took the scroll out of the right hand of him who was sitting on the throne.
saying, Christ, you are a prophet. Now tell us, Who struck you?
Yahweh said to Moses, I will bring another evil on Pharaoh and Egypt, and he will drive you out of here. When he drives you out, he will drive you out from here.
Then I burned with fire your oxen which you swore to give, even your calf which you swore to give; and I made them ruddy and fine, and fine as dust; and I poured the dust on the brook that drew down from the high mountain.
He gave me a good cup, as I desired, and gave me a bowl to eat, that I might eat before my death, and bless you.
My son, offer my heart to you. Your eyes shall love my way.
Don't you, brothers, speak evil among yourselves. He who speaks evil of his brother, or he who judges his brother, is he who speaks evil of the law, and he who judges the law. But if you judge the law, you are not a lawmaker, but a lawmaker.
They said, We see that this man has deceived our people, and has made man a debtor, and a thousand a Christ, and a king.
He reigned forty-one years in Jerusalem: and his name was Maacah, the daughter of Absalom.
These are the words of Jeremiah the son of Hilkiah, the priest of Anathoth in Benjamin:
David ran, and fled to Ramah, and came to Samuel, and told him all that Saul had done to him: and he and Samuel went to Naioth.
Many friends will perish in their own time. A close friend will be nearer than a brother.
Don't the wicked know? They devour my people as they eat bread. They don't call on God.
David sent messengers to the men of Jabesh Gilead, and said to them, Yahweh bless you; for you have dealt graciously with Saul your lord, and have buried him.
He blessed Abram, saying, Blessed be Abram, Lord of heaven and earth.
Their eyes delight in robbery. They commit iniquity without end. They are a liar. Their heart is a greedy heart. They ought to be cursed.
Therefore we know that God loves us. God is love, and he who loves his life lives in God's presence.
Will you set the light on the four corners of the earth, And drive out the wicked?
When Jesus had finished praying, he stood up, and came to the disciples, and saw them, and fell asleep because of their sorrow.
The watchman said, I have seen the way in which Ahimaaz the son of Zadok flees before me. The king said, He is a righteous man, and he has come after good news.
All the acts of Asa which he did, from the beginning even to the end, were written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah and Israel.
In that day, says Yahweh, will I not destroy the wise from Edom, Nor the wise from Mount Esau?
In the day of my distress, I sought the Lord. In the night, I lifted up my hands, and didn't pray. My heart would not be comforted.
Yahweh has repaid me according to my righteousness, And according to the purification of my hands has he repaid me.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Joshua called at that time the Reubenites, and the Gadites, and the half-tribe of Manasseh,
He sanctified the Levites who were in Yahweh, and taught the children of Israel, saying, Put the holy ark in the house which Solomon the son of David king of Israel has built, and don't shine on your shoulders: now therefore serve Yahweh your God, and his people Israel.
One said to another, I have bought a field, and I must go and see it. Let it be known to you.'
I will stretch out my hand on Judah and on all the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and I will cut off from this place the remnant of Baal, and the name of Kamal, and the priests.
So your light shall go forth as the morning light, and your wound shall be healed; and your righteousness shall walk before you; and the glory of Yahweh shall be a shield before you.
Your children shall tremble in the wilderness forty years, and bear the iniquity of your prostitution until the destruction of your dead bodies in the wilderness.
I am the light of the world, when I am in the world.
The work of the wicked endures forever. Your judgments are in vain. He despised all his enemies.
This is not to say that we have our own possessions, but our possessions are of God.
All the six hundred men of the Danites stood at the door of the gate.
But there are some of the Jews who came out of Asia, who, if they wanted to kill me, should kill me before you.
For the children of Israel and the Levites shall bring their sacrifices, their new wine and their fat, to the chambers of the sanctuaries, the chambers of the priests, the porters, and the singers: so shall we not forsake the house of our God.
The five men who saw it went in, and took the engraved images, and the images of the priests, and the images of the houses, and the images of the vessels: and the priests and the six hundred men who were with them stood at the door.
Go, inquire of Yahweh for me, and for the people, and for all Judah, the words of this book; for Yahweh has provoked us to wrath, because our fathers didn't listen to the words of this book, nor did all that was written concerning us.
David went into the house of God in the days of Abiathar the high priest, and ate the bread of the altar, and gave it to those who were present; but the priest could not eat the bread of the sacrifice according to the law.
and their meal offering of fine flour mixed with oil, three tenth parts for each bull, and three tenth parts for each ram, and five tenth parts for each ram.
All the people praised Temurod, and the truth testified about him. We testified about him, and you know that our testimony is true.
Hear this word, if you understand it. Turn your ear to the voice of my words.
Let my tongue sing to your promise, For all your commandments are righteous.
The angel said, Don't lay your hand on this child, nor do anything to him; for now I know that you fear God, and that you didn't give your son, even to me who bore you.
He also argued with the Hebrews, who prophesied with him, and they conspired against him to kill him.
I will clothe your yoke with it, and I will gird up your waist, and I will give your dominion into his hand; and he shall be a father to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and to the house of Judah.
They sailed to the other side of Capernaum, but Jesus didn't come to them until the evening.
The father said to them, Where is he going from here? for his son saw the way of the servants of the God of Judah, which they had gone.
He said, Listen to me, for I am with you. Blessed are those who keep the words of this prophecy.
Moses turned and went down into the mountain; and he took in his hand two arks of a covenant: and the two arks were written, and the writing was on the one ark and on the other.
Yahweh is great, and worthy to be praised. His word is without blemish.
My dwelling place is taken away from me, as the tents of sheep; and I have taken my life, and made it equal with him; and he will break me from the beginning even to the end; and Yahweh has determined to redeem my life from morning to evening.
Jesus answered them, Be you in the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your soul.
Azariah the priest brought in after him eighty men of the mighty men of God.
Saul said, Take a bridle between me and Jonathan my son. He took a bridle.
Put away my reproach, which you have brought forth. For the snares of your hands I will be consumed.
Then the captain of the army found a ship that was coming from Aristarchus, that he might open to Jedaliah; and he called us to be captain of the ship.
The children of Israel slept in tents, and the nations after their armies, and the nations after their cities, and the nations after their great days.
Therefore the children of Israel ate no great bread to this day; for the man ate the great bread of Jacob.
Hezekiah commanded in the house of Yahweh that they should prepare grain. So they prepared.
What do you think about him? Whose seed is he? They answered him, The seed of David.
For I am in Christ Jesus. Therefore I am glorified in God.
and fifty-three thousand four hundred.
So if you don't forgive your brothers with all your heart, neither will my Father deal with you like this.
The waters ceased from the earth one hundred fifty days; and the waters ceased.
Then justice will dwell in the wilderness, And righteousness in the fruitful field.
As Jesus Christ our Lord has shown me, I myself know that the days of my departure are near.
The king answered, I know that you are liars, for you know that I have forgotten the dream.
that he should suffer, and rise from the dead, that the light of salvation may be preached to the Jews and to the Gentiles.
Now therefore, brothers, do good, and don't wait.
The Egyptians pursued after them; and all the horses of Pharaoh, and the chariots of it, and the horsemen of it, and all the army of it, pursued after them by the sea by the way of Pharaoh Philioth, over against Baal Zephon, in the place where the children of Israel encamped.
This was done in the second year of king Darius, in the sixteenth month, on the first day of the month, on the first day of the month, on the first day of the month, on the first day of the month, on the first day of the month, on the first day of the month, on the first day of the month, on the first day of the month, on the first day of the month, on the first day of the month, on the first day of the month, on the first day of the
They shall bring to this city the glory of the nations, and their honor.
For you know that anyone who commits sexual immorality, or commits adultery, or commits adultery (this is an idol), can't become a people of Christ, nor of the Kingdom of God.
They can't get from you the testimonies which they testify against me.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: I will bring many against them, and will cause them to be cast down and to be cast out, and to be cut off.
Balak took Balaam, and brought him up to the hill country of Sophia, and went up to the top of Pisgah, and built seven altars, and offered each one of them a bull and a ram.
So you also received the teaching of Nicodemus.
Moses commanded the children of Israel according to the word of Yahweh, saying, Let the tribe of the children of Joseph speak.
He took his father's or his mother's things, and said, This is not sin; but this man is a mighty man.
Therefore we say, Now let's build ourselves an altar, not for burnt offering, nor for any other sacrifice;
Save from Yahweh. Blessed be your people. Selah.
saying, If you are King of the Jews, save yourself.
Brothers, I have come to you without pretense, neither with wisdom, nor with beauty, to proclaim the word of God to you.
Then he hurried, and poured out the water of the chamber into the well; and he ran into the well, and poured out the water of all his camels.
Moses commanded them the way by which they went, according to the commandment of Yahweh: so they went their way.
When you walk, you shall not stumble. When you run, you shall not stumble.
I will stretch out my hand, and strike him with all the wonders that I will do in Egypt; and he shall go with you.
The captain of the guard took Shelaiah the high priest, and Zephaniah the second priest, and the three doorkeepers;
Another angel came out of the temple, and cried out from the top of the cloud, saying, Gather your reeds; for the harvest has come, and the fruit of the earth is come.
He cried with a loud voice at the entrance of the gate, and at the entrance of the gate, and at the entrance of the gate,
It will happen at that time, that the mighty people will be afraid, even the bright people who are from the east, who divide the land to tread on, and their land will be divided, and they will offer an offering to Yahweh of Armies, even to Mount Zion, where Yahweh has set his name.
They shall go out to see the dead bodies of those who rebel against me; for their plague shall not die, neither shall their fire extinguish; and all those who have them shall abhor them.
Rejoice in Yahweh, you righteous, And praise his holy name.
Beware of him, and listen to his voice, and don't disobey him; he will not forgive your disobedience, because he has come in my name.
When you say, It is,' it is,' and when you say, It is,' it is,' and when you say, It is,' and when you say, It is,' the rest of the house says, It is from the devil.
For thus says Yahweh, David shall have a man forever to sit on the throne of Israel.
But he who separates the hands of evil-doers, his fruit shall not be eaten: for you shall surely die in the day of eating.
But I will sing praises to your strength, and I will sing praises to your loving kindness in the morning; for you have been my stronghold in the day of trouble, my refuge.
You have multiplied your counsel, so that you are weary. Now rise up, and save you from the things that come on you, even all the angels, and those who see the stars, and who prophesy in the new moon.
Thus says Yahweh, Am I Yahweh who is near, and not far off?
Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign; and he reigned thirty-one years in Jerusalem.
My love, your lips are like the honey of a cave, and your tongue like honey. The fragrance of your garments is like the fragrance of Lebanon.
You shall give the fifth part to Pharaoh at the harvest, and the fourth part to you, for a seed of the field, and for food for you, and for the men of your houses, and for your little ones.
There was a man of Judah at the bow of Susan, Mordecai by name, the son of Jail, the son of Shimei, the son of Kish, a Benjamite.
The sword shall come on Egypt; and the Ethiopians shall be afflicted when the slain of Egypt fall; and they shall take all his people, and break down his foundations.
Let your wrath be poured out on nations that don't know you, And on nations that don't call on your name.
King Solomon appointed men out of all Israel; and the number of the men whom he appointed was three hundred thousand.
If from the counsel of the elders there are not two or three witnesses, they shall not be witnesses.
The deep says, It is not with me. The sea says, It is not with me.'
The fish of the river shall die, and the waters of the river shall be boiled up; and the Egyptians shall abhor the waters of the river.
The Lord commanded, and commanded that the good news should be preached to the women.
Aaron shall put his right hand on the head of the living goat, and shall declare on him all the evil of the children of Israel, and their disobedience, and all their iniquities, on the head of the living goat; and they shall send them into the wilderness.
Isaac lived in Rameses, when he had come from the way of Pharaoh Jehoiah.
The priest's heart was glad, and he took the priest's ephod, and the idols of the house, and the images of the engraved images, and walked among the people.
Pharaoh awoke from his sleep, and he knew that he was dreaming.
Thomas also, whose name is Titus, is one of the twelve. When Jesus came, he didn't stay there.
The word of Yahweh tested him until he had fulfilled his promise.
Then Ezra the priest arose, and said to them, You have sinned: you have taken foreign wives, and have multiplied the sins of the children of Israel.
But the children of Israel trespassed and prayed, thinking that they might be justified by the law, and not by God.
There was no end to all the work of Joseph's hand: for Yahweh was with Joseph, and he prospered in all that he did.
Now I tell you, brothers, concerning David the prophet, he is dead and buried, and his tomb is here this day.
Six days shall work be done; but the seventh day shall be a great day of rest, a holy day to Yahweh. He who works on the Sabbath day shall surely be put to death.
He shall kill the ram of the trespass offering, and the priest shall take a little of the blood of the trespass offering, and put it on the right ear of him who is to be cleansed, and on the thumb of his right hand, and on the thumb of his right foot.
I, Jesus, have sent my angel to these assemblies, to show you these things, that I am the father of David, and the son of his seed, a radiant light.
Therefore whoever denies me in the sight of man, I will deny him in the sight of my Father.
Jehoshaphat said, Isn't there here a prophet of Yahweh, that we should inquire of Yahweh by him? The servant of the king of Israel answered, Here is Elisha the son of Shaphan, who poured out the waters in the hand of Elijah.
It happened, when Abner had returned to Hebron, that Joab brought him to the gate of the city, pretending to speak to him; and he snared him there, and he died for Asahel his brother's sake.
Be strong and of good courage, for you will give this people the land for an inheritance, which I swore to their fathers to give them.
But Yahweh delights in him, and makes him afflicted; and when his life is a sin offering, he shall see his seed, and shall increase his life; and the things which Yahweh delights in him shall prosper in his hand.
Moses listened to the commandment, and took a rod before Yahweh.
The woman took Joseph's garments, and put them on him, until his lord came.
His lord said to him, Well done, good and righteous servant. I will set you over many things, though you are little. Come in and rejoice with me.'
They said to Baruch, Tell us now, With what do you write all the words that he has spoken?
They called to the king's scribe, and said, Peace be to the king of Darius.
The wind shall go where it goes, and where it goes; and you shall hear a voice, and shall not know where he comes from, but where he goes: and so shall every man who comes out of the Holy Spirit.
He went from Rameses, and passed through Bethel, and came to the midst of Bethel, and of Ai; and they sat in tents before them.
and you will send the vessels of his house before you, and you shall drink them, you, and your princes, and your stewards with you: and you shall praise the gods of silver, and of gold, and of brass, and of wood, and of stone, which you shall not see, nor hear, nor know: but you shall not glorify the God of your righteousness, who has ruled over your mouth.
Therefore hear, you who have this affliction and this iniquity, and don't do it because you have sinned.
From now on, let no one despise me, for my flesh bears the wounds of Jesus, that he may know that I am his servant.
If you will keep all the commandments which I command you this day, and will walk in them, and love Yahweh your God, and walk in his ways continually, then you shall make three cities for your house.
It happened in that day, that Achish gave him Ziklag: therefore Ziklag was king over Judah to this day.
The kings of the earth, and the rulers of it, and the captains of it, and the rich, and the wise, and all the servants, and the free, went up to the top of the hill, and to the top of the hill.
My eyes shall not preserve you, neither will I afflict you; but I will requite you according to your doings; and your abominations shall be in the midst of you. You shall know that I am Yahweh.
His lord came and said to Pharaoh's daughter, Is it good that I have come into the midst of the Hebrew women to call a nurse, and to gird you this little one?
I saw, and behold, the cherubim on their heads, and the expanse of the sky, were like precious stones, and the appearance of a throne like the appearance of a throne.
Let them pass away like a snare. Let their arrows be broken when it is about to be cut off.
My soul trembles in me. When I sit still, the fire comes up, and I speak with my mouth.
They appointed them elders in every assembly, and fasted, and prayed, and delivered them up to the Lord of their faith.
No one who calls on my Lord, the Lord, will enter into the Kingdom of Heaven; but whoever believes in my Father, he will enter into it.
Thus says Yahweh to me, Go, stand at the gates of all the people, from which the kings of Judah enter in, and go forth; and you shall stand at the gates of Jerusalem:
He brought silver and gold from Tarshish, and silver and gold from Uriah; all of them made of wood, both of silver and of silver; and blue and purple were for the garments; all of them marvellous works of art.
Now we have heard from the Son of God, and will proclaim to you this truth: God is light, and there is no darkness in him.
Hear with your ears the words of the wise. Receive my knowledge with all your heart.
Let it be said to me, Woe to you! He who is consumed with shame!
Those who desire to walk in Christ Jesus will be persecuted,
David took with him one thousand seven hundred horsemen, and two hundred footmen: and David cut off the chariots from his feet, and left him one hundred chariots.
The children of Israel said to Moses, Behold, we are dead, and we are destroyed, and we are destroyed.
Zedekiah the king sent Pashhur the son of Malchijah, and Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest, to Jeremiah, saying,
It happened after this, that David struck the Philistines, and subdued them; and he took Gath and his incense out of the hand of the Philistines.
Micaiah said, I have seen all Israel scattered on the mountains, as a flock without a shepherd. Thus says Yahweh, Every man who has no lord shall return to his own house in peace.
You shall take the veil, and put it in the outermost part of the veil, and bring the ark of the testimony into the veil; and the veil shall separate you from the sanctuary and from the most holy place.
When the eye is freed from the evil, and the lips are brought to the evil, he does it.
He gathered the congregation together to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and struck them: and the glory of Yahweh appeared to the congregation.
The land by the sea shall become pasture, with pasture of shepherds, and pasture of flocks.
Joshua the son of Nun was full of the spirit of wisdom; for Moses had laid his hands on him; and the children of Israel obeyed him, and did as Yahweh commanded Moses.
I have heard two things concerning God, the power of God, speaking one word,
Therefore turn to your God, and keep love, and justice, and wait patiently for your God.
Their rock is not like our rock, Neither is there any difference between us and our enemies.
Judah said to Israel his father, Send the child with me, and we will go out, that we may live with you, and with our little ones, and not die.
They came from Egypt, and from all places, and brought horses to Solomon.
David didn't go up into heaven, but he said, God said to my lord, You are my friend.
I write to Timothy, my beloved son. Grace to you and peace from God our Father and Christ Jesus our Lord.
As for me, I tell you as your own sons that you should be more like us, and that your heart should be more like us.
Haven't they taught you, And spoken to you the words of his heart?
I heard a word spoken to me out of the house. A man stood by me.
A greater sin can't destroy it, Neither can a great sin hide it: if anyone desires to possess it in all, he will surely be despised.
one young bull, one ram, one male lamb a year old, for a burnt offering;
Judge me, Yahweh my God, according to your righteousness. Don't let them boast against me.
There were overlaid armies in their hand, thirty-seven thousand five hundred, all of them of great might and might, to help the king against his adversaries.
But when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came to this land, we said, Come, and let us go up to Jerusalem, and escape from the army of the Chaldeans, and from the army of Syria; therefore we shall dwell in Jerusalem.
I know your affliction and your poverty, but you are rich; and I know that the ten thousand of the Jews have blasphemed you; but they are not Jews, but the apostles of Satan.
Cursed be he who doesn't believe the words of the law to do them. All the people shall say, Amen.
When the children of Ammon knew that they were abhorred by David, they sent, and took the Syrians of Beth Rehob, and the Syrians of Zobah, two thousand men, and one thousand kings of Maacah; and the men of Tob were two thousand men.
Son of man, because Tyre said to Jerusalem, Aha! The gate of the nations is broken, and it is turned to me; it is laid waste, and I am prospering.'
and his offering, one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
Praise Yahweh, Jerusalem. Praise your God, Zion.
Surely in those days there is a woman who is pregnant with a new born, and who feeds a child.
As the sparrow flees away, As the young donkey flees away, As the uncircumcised curse doesn't endure.
He who speaks wisely declares righteousness, But he who disobeys witnesses blaspheme.
My skin is dried up. My bones are burned because of the heat.
For whoever finds me will find life, And will find favor in Yahweh.
The king's treasures were Atsumabeth the son of Adiel; and over the field, and over the city, and over the fortress, and over the treasures of the city was Jonathan the son of Uzziah.
The people went to Gilgal, and made Saul king in Gilgal before Yahweh; and they offered sacrifices of peace offerings there before Yahweh: and Saul and all Israel rejoiced exceedingly.
Haven't you poured me out like milk, And made me spread out like a bottle?
For Yahweh hardened their hearts against Israel, and fought against them, and utterly destroyed them, and gave them no mercy, and utterly destroyed them, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
You say, No, but we will run on horses.' Therefore you run, and say, We will run on a very large animal.' Therefore those who pursue you will be very large.
Yahweh, your hand is high, and they will not see. They will see your shame and your wrath toward the people, And your fire will devour your enemies.
and unleavened cakes, and unleavened cakes of oil, and unleavened cakes of oil: you shall make them of fine flour.
Now these are the adversaries of the truth, as were the Tyre and the Midianites. Their hearts are broken, and their faith is not renewed.
For the ships of Kittim shall come against him, so that his heart shall be troubled, and he shall return; and he shall rebuke the holy covenant, and shall do as he shall desire; and he shall return, and shall counsel those who forsake the holy covenant.
You shall die in peace. You shall eat long days. You shall be buried.
They offered the spoil of the battle, that they might restore the house of Yahweh.
The prisoner called for a lamp, and went in, and trembled, and fell at the feet of Paul and Silas.
The fifth angel blew, and I saw a star falling out of the sky, a time when the star had found no deeper than the pit.
It happened in the morning, that David rose up early with his men, and went out into the land of the Philistines: and the Philistines went to Jezreel.
There appeared also in heaven a great moon, and a woman with a moon on her body, and a moon on her foot, and a crown of stars on her head twelve times.
that you may eat and drink with me in my kingdom, and sit on my throne, and judge the twelve tribes of Israel.
He who has a discharge shall wash his vessels, and his wood vessels shall be washed with water.
Speak to the people, saying, Behold, your brothers, the children of Esau, who dwell in Seir, pass over their border; for they shall fear you; therefore be watchful.
I know my transgressions. My sins are continually before me.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Behold, I will bring again the armor that you have, even you, outside of the city, with the king of Babylon, and the armor that covers the battle of the Chaldeans who surround you; and I will cause all these to be gathered together in this city.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh. Bring my cry before you.
As with your whirlwind, chase them, And make them afraid with your mighty wind.
When Jesus had finished speaking these words, he said to them, Lazarus, our friend, is sleeping, and I will come and call him.
They shall say, Because they have forsaken the covenant of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, which he made with them when he brought them forth out of the land of Egypt;
Now therefore don't count him guilty; for you are a man of understanding, and know what you shall do to him. Let his gray hairs fall to Sheol.
The children of Gad lived in front of Reuben, in the land of Bashan, even to Sarath.
Jonathan didn't hear that their father swore to the people: therefore he stretched out his hand on the rod, and put it into the basket; and his hand drew near to his mouth, and his eyes were on gold.
But who am I, that I should not obey the will of God, seeing he has given them the same gift of faith?
Now God has raised you up with Christ, because of the iniquity that was before, and because of the uncircumcision of the flesh. God has forgiven all our sins.
You shall fall by the sword; and I will judge you in the border of Israel; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Love is gentleness and loving kindness; Love is not jealousy, nor haughtiness, nor pride;
You shall teach them statutes and ordinances, according to the way in which they shall walk, and according to the work which they shall do;
Thus says he, not because he cares for the poor, but because he is a thief, and because he steals his authority continually.
The children of Israel and the children of Judah arose, and cried, and pursued after the Philistines to the gates of Kadesh and Ekron: and the wounded Philistines fell in the way of Shalaim to Gath and Ekron.
He also sealed us for a sign, and gave us the Holy Spirit for a bond in our hearts.
Ezra the scribe stood on the pillar of wood that they had prepared for this matter: and on the right hand of him stood Mattaniah, Shemaiah, Ananiah, Uriah, Hilkiah, and Maaseiah; and on the left hand of him Petaiah, Mishael, Malchijah, Hashim, Hashtabanah, Zechariah, and Meshullam.
A man lies down on his bed, and sleeps, until he awakes, in the dream, and in the vision of the night;
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
You shall make shields of faith at all times, that you may destroy the fire of evil birds.
When I speak to you in the darkness, speak you out of the light. When I speak to you in the ear, prophesy out of the house.
When I sing to you, My lips will lift up their voice with joy, My soul with which you have redeemed me.
But if there be a reconciliation among you, let your differences be reconciled one to another. As the Lord has reconciled you, so you also shall reconcile one to another.
The joy of a trumpet is gone, and the joy of a feast is gone, and the joy of a harp is gone.
I have made your gates of rubies, and the gates of your gates of rubies, and the border of your borders of rubies round about.
and for the sons of Aaron, the priests who lived outside of their cities, and in every city the names of those who were named, to divide the portion of the men who were to be given to the priests, and of all the Levites who were to be given to the fathers' houses.
You shall do as we commanded you, and shall be a living creature of peace, and shall bear your burdens as a worker of your own hands, and shall be a living creature of your own,
In the day of our king's feast, the princes were afflicted by the multitude; and he stretched out his hand with the multitude.
They multiplied their power, and came every man to Zion to meet God.
He who kills a man hates the upright, But he who is upright preserves his life.
Therefore my harp is a cry of mourning, And my snorting a cry.
The apostles and the believers who lived in Judea heard that the Gentiles also received the word of God.
Samuel anointed him with the oil of his horn, and anointed him among his brothers. The Spirit of Yahweh came greatly on David that day. Samuel departed, and returned to Ramah.
If you listen to the voice of Yahweh your God, and keep the commandments of the law, which are written in this law, and sanctify yourself to Yahweh your God with all your heart and with all your soul;
But our God did all things in heaven, as he desired.
It happened in the days of Josiah, that Baron Ekron king of Egypt went up against the king of Assyria against the Euphrates: and Josiah went up against him: and when the king of Egypt found Josiah in Megdoon, he killed him.
Yahweh, you are my lamp. Yahweh will shine in my darkness.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Our fathers would not listen to him, but rejected him, that he might return into Egypt.
Now therefore, O king, accept my affliction with joy, and turn away your iniquities with righteousness, and put away your transgressions with compassion for the poor; that your peace may be extended.
and cut off the horns of its young lions, and brought them to the rams, and put them in the cities of the horsemen.
It happened in the first year of king Cyrus, that Cyrus the king issued a decree concerning the house of God which is in Jerusalem, saying, Build the house, that it may be a place for the sacrifice, and that the foundations of it may be established: the height of it shall be sixty cubits, and the breadth sixty cubits;
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: If a prince gives his inheritance to one of his sons, it is his inheritance, and passes it on to his sons, they shall inherit it.
The Kingdom of Heaven was like a parable: ten virgins went out with lamps to meet the bridegroom.
Thus will I break down the walls of your blood, and will break them to the floor, so that the walls shall fall, and you shall perish therein; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Isaac was born eight days old, and Abraham circumcised his son according to the commandment of God.
He gave the one thousand pieces of silver to his mother; and she said to him, I have given the money out of my hand to Yahweh for my son, that I may write a song, and sing a song; and I will continue to deliver it to you.
or the image of a bird in the sky, or the image of a creeping thing on the earth, or the image of a fish in the waters of the earth.
But of the tribe of Levi you shall not number; neither shall you number their portions among the children of Israel.
As it is written, God has cloaked their spirit to this day, and their eyes have not seen, nor their ears heard.
Hear me, house of Jacob, All you who are left of the house of Israel: From birth you have made me dead, From the womb you have made me sick.
Son of man, set your face toward the mountains of Israel, and prophesy against them;
The woman is grieved when she bears a child, because her period is past. When the child is born, she forgets the affliction of a child, because she delights in the birth of a child in the world.
All the people will hear, and fear. They will walk no more steadfastly.
The seven angels who were numbered of them came to me, one of them, saying, Come, and I will show you the great prostitution, which is built in the great city, which is to be judged by the river.
But as for the Jews, I was a hypocrite to Caesar, but I didn't intend to testify against my own people.
Be merciful to me, Yahweh, That I may rise again and be strong, That I may repay them.
The princes put it in the chamber of Elishama the scribe, and went in to the king into the court, and told all these words to the king.
Pharaoh said, Tomorrow. Moses said, Let it be according to your word, that you may know that there is none like Yahweh our God.
But the king of the children of Ammon would not listen to the voice of Jephthah, who sent to him.
He entered into Jerusalem, and entered into the temple, and looked around, and saw a sign. When it was evening, he went out with the twelve, and came to Bethany.
Jotham slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David: and Ahaz his son reigned in his place.
It happened at the threshing floor of Kidron, that Uzzah stretched out his hand over the ark, because the ox fell.
All our enemies have opened their mouths to us.
Blessed is he who helps the needy. Yahweh will deliver him in the day of trouble.
In midst of you will be revealed the nakedness of your father; and in midst of you will be profaned the uncleanness of the month.
He who lives and believes in me will never die. Do you believe?
So the children of Israel prayed, and said, You are Yahweh, but you are Yahweh: you have made heaven and the heaven of heavens, and the army of the sky, the earth and the earth, the sea and the sea; and the army of the heavens worshiped you.
and they sacrificed to the graves of it, and burned incense to the graves of it, because they had obtained from them fat and beautiful portions, and goodly food.
But you, brothers, are not in darkness. That day will not come to you like a thief.
He hears in the field things which he can't speak, things which a man can't speak.
But if they will listen, and every man departs from his evil way, I will bring their evil on them, for their wickedness which they have done.
But if you are of this world, the world will love you, because you are not of this world, and I have chosen you out of the world; therefore the world will hate you.
Don't be like them; for your need is known to the Father, before you ask.
God came to Balaam, and said to him, Who are these who are with you?
If the spirit of the dominion is against you, don't depart from your words; for the river won't endure great calamity.
It happened, when the song was finished, that David sent and brought her into the house; and she became his wife, and bore him a son: but Yahweh was not pleased with the things which David did.
The angel said to David, The enemy is stronger than we, and he has come out against us into the suburbs, and we have struck him to the gate.
The land is rich in grain. Its first fruits are ripe figs, and afterward it is beautiful, and afterward it is redeemed.
The disciples were glad that they had taken him into the boat, and the boat sailed to the place where they were going.
But I tell you, as it is written, Elijah is come, and they have dealt with him according to their own will.
Hushai said, You know that your father is a mighty man, and that he who is with him is mighty; and their heart is troubled, as a snare in the field, and your father is a man of war; he shall not be with the people.
Take away the yoke that your father put on us, and the yoke that your father put on us, and the yoke that is on us, and add a little more, and we will serve you.
Neither have I made with you this covenant, nor this oath,
He said to them, Behold, at evening you will say, Because of the brightness of the sky, tomorrow will be good.'
The children of Israel traveled according to their divisions. This is their greatness.
Don't take away the gift of your soul, which was given you by the mouth of the prophets, and by the hand of the elders.
He shall come into the fat land of the holy land, when he shall have no mourning; and he shall do that which his fathers didn't do, and that which their fathers didn't do; and he shall divide the spoil of it, and the gain of it, and the goods of it; and he shall set up a battle against the abominations, until his time.
Moses said to them, Stand still, and I will hear what Yahweh commands you.
Jeroboam said to his wife, Arise, lie down, that they may not know that you are Jeroboam's wife. He went to Shiloh, and there was Ahijah the prophet, who said to me, I will be king over this people.
To gather the rich man's food from his feet, And the dog from the place where he sucks with his feet.
Then Azariah the high priest, of the house of Zadok, answered, From the people's possessions to the house of Yahweh we ate, and left a great multitude; for Yahweh blessed his people, and left a great multitude.
that those who love me may inherit, and fill their treasures.
If I do so, how will I remember this thing which is written in the Scriptures?
Everyone who has understanding knows it, And he who has knowledge is upright.
Now therefore, if it please the king, let the king examine the kingdom which is in Babylon, and see whether the king, Cyrus, will build the house of God in Jerusalem, or not. Let the king show us this thing.
But if we say that we don't sin, we deceive ourselves, and our heart is not truth.
In the day, the sun shall not scorch you; In the night, the moon shall not devour you.
The mountains were consumed by him, and the mountains melted away; and the earth arose before him, and the world and those who lived therein.
Shall you be struck again and again, because you are always rebellious? Your full head has broken in pieces, And your full heart is broken in pieces.
You shall eat, but shall not be filled; and your vanity shall be in you; and you shall wander, but shall carry nothing; and all that you shall carry, I will give to the sword.
Yahweh has spoken a commandment concerning the Assyrians; he says, Your people shall no more proclaim; and I will cut off the engraved images and the molten images out of your god's house; and I will prepare a cloud for you; for you are a prostitute.
He called the priests and the Levites, and gathered them together in a broad place on the east side,
Thus Yahweh commanded Moses; and he numbered the people in the wilderness of Sinai.
Let the stars of the night fall into darkness. Let them hope for the night, but they can't. Let them not see the morning light.
It will happen at the end of those days, that the mountain of the house of Yahweh will be established on the top of the mountains, above all the mountains; and all nations will be satisfied.
All the wise men among you shall come and do all that Yahweh has commanded you;
Will you open your eyes on such a man as this? Will you lead me in your judgment?
You shall leave it until the fourteenth day of the month, in the evening, when all the children of Israel shall kill the lambs.
Yahweh saw that Leah didn't have Jacob's love, and he put him to death; but Rachel didn't.
If you will not listen to me in anything that you do, then I will add to you seven times as much evil as you do.
We will possess all things, And fill our houses with the spoil.
For you are children of God, and God has sent into your heart the Spirit of his Son, that you may cry out, Father, Father!
You are a wild donkey, a wild donkey in the wilderness, a wild donkey with a strong heart. Who can stop him when he is young? Don't let him who seeks him labor, for in that month he shall find him.
One said to him, Your mother and your brothers stand outside, to see you.
The king who is wise in his work receives the king's favor, But he who is corrupt in his work is in wrath.
Moreover he was a father of circumcision, because they were not circumcised, but had faith in Abraham our father, before he was circumcised, and lived as a prostitute.
His servants rebelled against him, and killed him in the king's house.
My enemies have blasphemed me all day long. Those who hate me curse me.
For your law provokes wrath. For you have lifted me up, And cast me down.
But don't eat the blood, but pour it out on the earth, as water pours out.
Believe that I am in the Father, and the Father in me. If not, believe also in my works.
He who sent me was with me, and he didn't leave me alone; for I did that which pleased him.
Keep that which I command you this day. Behold, I will drive out the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Perizzite, and the Hivite, and the Jebusites from before you.
The love of my parents is greater than my brothers, and they are not my disciples. The love of my children is greater than my brothers, and they are not my disciples.
Please let us set up a chamber on the wall, and lay it there on the bed, and on the table, and on the lampstand, that we may come and stay there.
The sons of the prophets who were in Bethel came out to Elisha, and said to him, Do you know that Yahweh will take your master from you this day? He said, Yes, I know, and you shall raise up your voice.
If you don't give a pledge, It is not good.
David said to Ahimelech the Hittite, and to Abishai the brother of Joab the son of Zeruiah, Who will go down with me to the camp to Saul? Abishai said, I will go down with you.
But I do it for my name's sake, that my name not be profaned before the eyes of the peoples, who have seen that I brought them forth out of Egypt.
Have you turned aside from him? Have you sinned against God?
Brothers, don't let anyone deceive you.
The fruit of the flesh is death, and the fruit of the Spirit is life and peace.
In that day Yahweh magnified Joshua in the sight of all Israel; and the people feared him all his days, as they feared Moses.
In the midst of you shall be those who hate men, and those who shed blood; and on the mountains shall you eat sacrifices, and in the midst of you shall commit adultery.
It happened, when he came near to Jebus, that the sun was going down on the mountain, that the servant said to his lord, Come, and let us go into this city of the Jebusites, and lodge there all night.
It will happen, when he is rich and well nourished, that he will come to a place of restful rest. All the afflicted will lay their hands on him.
He went there, and struck the inhabitants of Debir; and the name of Debir was Kiriath Sepher.
The angel said to me, Write you now, and give to those who are hungry, that it may be well with you. He said to me, This is the truth of God.
So we shall do to them, and let them live, lest our wrath come on us for the oath that we have sworn to them.
He rebuked the sea, and dried it up, and made all the rivers clean: and Bashan and Carmel were destroyed, and the flower of Lebanon was destroyed.
You shall not go in to a drunken man, Neither shall you go in to a drunken man.
So the king of Israel and the king of Judah and the king of Edom went on their way seven days: and the army and their livestock had no water to drink.
It happened, when the princes had come near, that all the virgins slept.
Thus and thus says Yahweh: Who will entice Ahab, that he should go up to Ramoth Gilead, and die there?
The children of Gershon were numbered by their families and by their fathers' houses.
He who saves a man from his wrath brings shame on himself. He who rebukes the wicked brings shame on himself.
Remember how you threw me into the mire. Did you cause me to return to the mire?
The Spirit entered into me, and made me stand up. He spoke with me, and said to me, Go, and shut yourself up in your house.
The children of Israel did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, and they forgot Yahweh their God, and served the Baals and the Ashtaroth.
Because they were many, and couldn't come near to Jesus, they tore a piece of the wall that was over Jesus' house, and threw down the stumbling block.
and from the rulers of the Good News, because you will receive them, and they will be rejected; therefore they are God's enemies; and from the rulers of the judgment, because God has proclaimed to their fathers the promise; therefore they are God's beloved.
As for the earth, the bread comes forth from it. Its surface is like a burning fiery furnace.
Though sin is sweet in his mouth, Though he is hidden in his tongue;
All the nations shall say, Yahweh is king. The world shall be established, and shall not shake. He will judge all the peoples according to justice.
I will make Judah my bow, and Ephraim my anchor on the bow: and I will raise up your people against the people of Javan, Zion, and will make you like the sword of a mighty man.
You shall command our own men to learn good things, that they may help those who need them, that there may be no fruit.
If you will keep all the commandments which I command you, and do them, and love Yahweh your God, and walk in all his ways, and keep his ordinances;
one male goat for a sin offering;
Yahweh, you will bless the righteous. You will cover him with kindness like a shield.
Of the tribe of Zebulun twelve thousand, Of the tribe of Joseph twelve thousand, Of the tribe of Benjamin twelve thousand.
We had sailed many days, and were very cautious, because the fast was past.
They ate Jezebel in the field of Jezreel, and no one buried her.' The young men opened the gate, and fled.
You shall number seven and seven days for yourselves; and from the time that you cut off the thorns from off you, you shall number seven and seven days.
He said, Yahweh has sworn. Yahweh will fight with Amalek continually.
Have any said to God, I have been rebuked, and have not sinned?
The wall of the city was made of acacia wood; and the city itself was made of pure gold, like fine twined linen.
There shall be habitation in it, and there shall be no curse any more; and Jerusalem shall be in peace.
When Jesus heard that John was taken into custody, he fled into Galilee.
This shall be a statute forever; and he who sends a man away with a lame sin shall wash his clothes; and whoever touches the lame sin shall be unclean until the evening.
It is a day appointed by Yahweh. Let us rejoice and be glad in this day.
So Judah went, and Yahweh delivered the Canaanites and the Perizzites into their hand.
He said to another, Follow me! He said, Lord, let me go and bury my father.
I have sinned. Why do I labor in vain?
You shall obey Yahweh your God, and fear him, and keep his commandments, and hear his words, and serve him, and remain in him.
Behold, Zion, the city of our feasts! Your eyes shall see Jerusalem as a quiet house, and as a tent of unleavened bread: its bars shall not go forth, neither shall its cords be broken.
saying, If Esau comes against this great one, then the other great one shall flee.
There you shall remember your ways and your doings, which you have profaned from them, and shall abhor yourselves for all your wickedness which you have done.
When you offer this to Yahweh for your life's sake, don't let the rich go out of it, neither let the poor go out of it, and everyone out of his good cup.
He built an altar there, and called his name El Erohe, Israel.
Saul's servants rebuked him, saying, Thus and thus has David spoken.
For I am with you to deliver you, and to utterly destroy the nations from which I have driven you, says Yahweh; but to utterly destroy you will I rebuke you, and will not requite you, says Yahweh.
They desire to be high in the feasts, And high in the synagogues;
So the people went out to take the camp of the Syrians: and the fine flour was one shekel, and the barley one shekel, according to the word of Yahweh, both of them.
For the house of Israel and the house of Judah play the prostitute against me, says Yahweh.
Cursed be he who sits with the elders. All the people shall say, Amen.
When you have fulfilled all these days, stand on your right hand, and bear the iniquity of the house of Judah: and I will give you forty days, one day, and a year.
Brothers, concerning the Lord's coming and his coming, I will not write in a book.
The inhabitants of this city shall come to the city, saying, Let us hurry, and seek the favor of Yahweh, and seek Yahweh of Armies; and if it be me, I will also go.
He makes you humble, and makes you hungry. He gives you a manna that you didn't know, that your fathers didn't know, that you may know that man doesn't live by bread alone, but by all the words of Yahweh's mouth.
Call thus, and I will answer; Or tell me, Answer me.
He has a cloud over the sky. He has prepared the waters for the earth. He has made the mountains swell.
Solomon answered him according to all that he asked him, and there was nothing that Solomon didn't know to tell him.
By the help of the Holy Spirit, you also are made a dwelling place for God.
Thus shall you do, as you have done this day, says Yahweh, to make atonement for you.
For I know that he who redeems me is the living God. He will stand on the ground in the daytime.
But you shall preserve the young women who are with men in the flesh for your own sake.
Be careful, for you don't know what day is coming to your Lord.
For all hidden things will be revealed. All secret things will be revealed.
The border shall go up from Abbin to the brook of Egypt, and shall go up to the sea.
It happened, when he saw it, that he baked bread on the flame, and a pitcher of water was on his head; and he ate and drank, and fell down afterward.
Sing, you who don't have a son. Sing, you who don't have a son. Sing, you who don't have a son. Sing, you who don't have a son. For a woman who has a husband has a son more than a wife, says Yahweh.
Go up to the house on the mountain, and plant it, and I will rejoice in it, and be glorified, says Yahweh.
You shall not take it for money, neither shall you take it for bread.
Jeroboam said in his heart, Now will this kingdom be over the house of David.
I have not taken the oxen from your herd, Nor the goats from your flock.
For you don't remember Yahweh your salvation, Nor the rock of your strength; Therefore you know the fig tree of your heart, And the other trees that are therein.
A man comes and tells his master, Don't you plant a good seed in your field, my brother? Where are the pigeons?'
When the morning had come, Jesus went away into a deserted place, and a multitude came to him, and when they found him, they left him, saying, Don't let him go from them.
Sing to Yahweh, praise his name! Declare his salvation day and night!
His forest and the glory of his fruitful land have consumed him from the soul even to the flesh, and his body is become like a man who is sick.
Then he went and gave it to a man of the land, and he sent him into the field of the field to cut grass.
They said to them, They drink new wine, and are drunken.
I said to him, Stay with me all the days of your life: don't commit adultery, neither follow another man; and I will do the same to you.
Therefore he must be like his brothers in every way, that he may stand before God as a high priest of goodness and truth, that the sins of the people may be forgiven.
There is no one who can redeem his own brother, Neither can he redeem his life for money.
It happened in the morning, that he called his disciples, and chose twelve men out of them, and called them apostles;
They have laid you in the neck of the wicked for your false visions, and for your lies. Their iniquity is ended, and their days are fulfilled.
Absalom took the two hundred men, and brought them with him out of Jerusalem: and they were all uncircumcised, and didn't know the thing.
But the king of Assyria didn't do it, neither did his heart count it. His heart sought to destroy, and to destroy a great nation.
The possessions of the house are the remnant of the fathers, But the wives of the prostitutes are the gift of Yahweh.
Now, Israel, what has Yahweh your God to do to you? Doesn't he love you to fear Yahweh your God, to walk in all his ways, to love him, to serve Yahweh your God with all your heart and with all your soul?
If he offers a ram for a sin offering, he shall offer a female without blemish.
The man said, I will keep all these commandments, even as I am a child.
It shall happen, when the end of the nations comes, that the iniquity of men shall cease; and there shall rise up a king, full of iniquity, and deceitful words.
They brought the harp, and the clarinet, and the trumpets, to Jerusalem, to the house of Yahweh.
Therefore, brothers, what profit is it to you, if I come to you only to speak a word, and don't speak the word, nor the knowledge, nor the word, nor the doctrine?
Shall your wealth, and all your power, be accounted for so that you shall not be troubled?
All the people of the city gathered themselves together, and pursued after them; and they pursued Joshua; and they were driven from their cities by robbers.
Jacob went to Succoth, and built himself a house there, and pastured his livestock: therefore he named the place Succoth.
and said to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, who sent me before him to offer you what you asked,
They said one to another, Most assuredly, we have sinned against our brother. When he cried to us, we will see the affliction of his heart, and will not listen to his voice. Therefore the affliction will come on us.
It happened in the year of the children of Israel, that their inheritance was added to the inheritance of the tribes which they were about to inherit; so that their inheritance passed away from the tribe of our fathers.
You shall give the cities of the Levites, forty-eight; the cities, and the suburbs, shall you give them.
The word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah, saying,
Neither is it outside of the sea, that you may say, Who brought us over the sea for us, that we might hear and do it?'
He who keeps the days is for the Lord, and he who eats all of them for the Lord, because he gives thanks to God. He who doesn't eat all of them is for the Lord, and he also gives thanks to God.
If a man wants to talk with you, will he abhor you? But who can make himself known, and not speak?
and the dead body of Jezebel shall be as dung on the ground in the field of Jezreel; so that no man shall say that it is Jezebel.'
He who touches him shall put iron and spears in his hand, and shall cause the fire to burn in his place.
My son, keep your wisdom and your counsel. Don't let them go from your sight.
He has made affliction and sorrow, not of his freewill.
I am one of the least of the saints, having this grace, to proclaim to the Gentiles the uncircumcised Good News of Christ.
Praise, Yahweh, the praises of my mouth. Teach me your statutes.
Now therefore I have sent a message, and have commanded the people of the kingdom which I have ruled, to tremble and to tremble before the God of Daniel; for he is a living God, and everlasting, and his kingdom shall never perish; and his dominion shall not be exalted.
He took him, and gave him food; and he stood by him, and said to him, My sister, lie with me.
When she has drunk the water, and has not cleansed her husband, then the curse will enter into her, and she shall be a prostitute, and her abdomen shall be brittle, and her right thigh shall be broken, and the woman shall be a prostitute among her people.
Now there are seven brothers with us. The brother who took a wife died, and had no children, and left her to his brother.
It happened on the next year, that Nebuchadnezzar sent to Babylon, he and the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and set Zedekiah his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem.
Before the heart of Yahweh has worked, and before he has acted, his wrath will not cease, but you will understand it in the day.
Most assuredly I tell you, whoever you command on the earth, even in heaven, will command him; and whoever you command on the earth, even in heaven, will command him.
Let the house of Aaron say, His loving kindness endures forever.
Moses said to the judges of Israel, Kill every man who belongs to you, even he who is joined to Baal Peor.
He gave him strength in heart, and taught him, he and the tribe of Dan, and Aholiab the son of Ahisatbuat.
Therefore he shall sacrifice for himself, as he sacrificed for the sins of the people.
How will my mother accept me? Or will she give me milk to drink?
Before my prayer was finished, I felt for myself the first man whom I saw in the vision, Gabriel, when he was commanded to come up, about the evening meal offering.
You shall love one another as your brothers.
They shall offer no more sacrifices to the throne of their prostitution, which they have performed: it shall be a statute forever throughout their generations.
Who can bring forth a clean man from a man who is not clean? There is none.
But he said, You will not see my face any more, and it will be a great loss to them. They sent him into the ark.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were seventy-four thousand six hundred.
God said to me, Son of man, have you seen what they have done? The house of Israel has done great abominations here, that I have departed far from my sanctuary. But, behold, great abominations are yet before you.
From the days of old, he who didn't know, who was born blind, will see again.
Moses said, Give yourselves to Yahweh, and Yahweh bless you this day, every man against his son, and against his brothers.
The watchman answered, The hour comes, and the night comes; and if you will inquire, then inquire; and if you will inquire again, then inquire.
For he is the God who drives the sun, For his loving kindness endures forever.
In that day, says Yahweh, there will be a cry at the fish gate, and a cry out of the second place, and a cry of help from the mountains.
I will open the rivers in the desert, and springs in the valleys; and I will make the desert a spring, and the dry land a spring.
I will speak of the works of Yahweh. I will remember his signs.
Now therefore know, and count, and see what you will do; for it is appointed against our lord, and against all his house; and there is no one who can speak against him in his holy place.
So Jehu the son of Jehoshaphat the son of Nimshi rebelled against Joram: and Joram and all Israel took Ramoth Gilead, because of Hazael king of Syria;
For all the ways of man are before Yahweh's eyes, And he has taken away all the ways of men.
But they didn't depart from the sins of the house of Jeroboam, which the children of Israel had sinned; but they did so: and Asherim of Samaria was still alive.
Jeremiah returned from Tohudeh, where Yahweh had sent him to preach, and stood in the court of the house of Yahweh, and said to all the people,
The king's counsellors, who carried the king's letters, and his princes, went through the land of Israel and Judah, according to the king's commandment, and said, Return again to Yahweh, the God of Israel, you children of Israel; and he will return to the remnant of the kings of Assyria from under the hand of the kings of Assyria.
As the whirlwind passes by, As the eagle flies by,
Esther's counsel and her supplication came to him: and the king was grieved, and put on his garments, and put them on Mordecai's garments, and wanted to take off his robe; but he took it.
I will speak to you, and you shall speak to the people who are therein, and to the elders of my people: if you will redeem it, redeem it; and if you will not redeem it, tell me; for you have no other to redeem it; and he said, I will redeem it.
Every man had blue, purple, scarlet, linen, goats' hair, and any skin of rams, and sea cow hides.
Yahweh did according to the word of Moses: and all the frogs that were in the house among them died.
So all Israel departed from David, and went after Sheba the son of Bichri: but all Judah remained after his king from the Jordan to Jerusalem.
When the kings of Hadarezer saw that they were slain before Israel, they cooperated with Israel, and subdued them: and the Syrians would not help the children of Ammon any more.
David commanded to gather together the strangers who lived in the land of Israel, and to set aside the stones for the building of the house of Yahweh.
Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and the rest of the people, escaped out of the hand of Johanan, and fled into the land of Ammon.
One of the young men came and told Moses, saying, Ildad and Bedad prophesy in the camp.
There is a way that is right in your eyes, And a way that leads to death.
For he doesn't allow any to come to him concerning men's affairs, For he knows the hearts of men.
You shall not eat the blood of a bird, or of an animal, in all your dwellings.
David went and struck Moab, and put them on the ground; and he measured with the rod, and measured two lengths of cord, and put him to death; and he measured one length of cord, and lived. The Moabites turned to David, and glorified him.
Ask a sign from Yahweh your God, That he may ask him in the depths of the deep, and in the heights of the sky.
Turn us, Yahweh, to you, and we will turn again. Refresh our days, as in the days of old.
Run out of Jerusalem, men of Benjamin, and blow a trumpet in Tecumah, and let the smoke go out of Beth Hachimerem; for evil and great destruction are come down from the north.
Some of them will go as fast as a sword, And will go as fast as a sword, And will devour the afflicted of the earth, And the poor of the world.
Then the king will tell those who are on the other side, Depart from me, you cursed men, and enter into the eternal fire prepared for the devil and for his angel.
For we are not many who slander the word of God, but one faithful man, sent by God, who prophesies in Christ.
We will cut down trees from Lebanon, as you desire, and put them in baskets in the sea, and will bring them to Joppa; and you shall bring them to Jerusalem.
Daniel said, I have seen visions in the night; and behold, the four winds of the sky are whirling, and they are blowing on the great sea.
The snares shall not be right for him, Nor the snares of the sea shall be counted any more.
He broke down his yoke like a flower, And destroyed the place of his assembly. The appointed feasts and the Sabbaths are forgotten in Zion. Yahweh has made it so, And has defied kings and priests in his wrath.
Then he looked at those who sat around him, and said, These are my mother and my brothers.
Yahweh was angry with Aaron, to destroy him; and I also prayed for Aaron that same hour.
For this reason, I have set my heart on you, that you may be blessed in yourselves.
They didn't understand the saying, for they had hidden it from them, so that they couldn't understand it. They didn't ask him about the saying.
It happened in the third month, in the first day of the month, when the children of Israel had come forth out of the land of Egypt, that they came into the wilderness of Sinai.
Remember what happened to the wife of Lot.
Nathan spoke to David according to these words, and according to the signs.
For everyone of you has the right to proclaim the word of God, to learn and to teach, and to be in fellowship with one another.
They shall teach Jacob your law, and Israel your law: and they shall put incense before you, and all these burnt offerings on your altar.
and the children of Israel went in, and struck two men, the men who struck the man and his wife. So the pestilence ceased among the children of Israel.
The king gave to the king one hundred twenty talents of gold, and many spices, and precious stones; and no spices were given to the king, as did the king of Solomon, who gave to the king of Sheba.
Moses and Aaron went in, and said to Pharaoh, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Let my people go, that they may watch me in the wilderness.
Every herd, and every flock, and every firstborn, and every work, you shall sanctify to Yahweh your God: the firstborn of any herd shall not work, nor the firstborn of any flock shall have no gate.
Therefore don't set your face against a feast, or against a feast, or against a Sabbath, or against a Sabbath.
You have killed many in this city, And filled the streets with dead bodies.
Tamar said to him, Don't do so; for you have driven me out to kill me more than you have dealt with me. But Amnon would not listen to him.
Judge your servants in heaven, and put the iniquity of the wicked on his head, and the righteousness of the righteous on his righteousness.
Thus says Yahweh to me: Can a man fall, and not rise up? Can a man run, and not return?
He led them through the desert, and they didn't find them. He brought forth waters out of the rock, and the rock was broken, and waters came out. The wicked shall not be in peace, says Yahweh.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, You shall not go down to your bed again, but shall surely die.' Elijah went.
Then Hanani the prophet came to Asa king of Judah, and said to him, Because you trust in the king of Syria, and don't trust in Yahweh your God, therefore the army of the king of Syria has escaped out of your hand.
Don't let him who is in trouble say, I am blasphemed by God; for God doesn't blaspheme, neither does he himself blaspheme.
Let one evil man rule over him, And one enemy stand on his right hand.
In the twelveth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel began Ahaziah the son of Joram king of Judah to reign.
Asa did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh his God, and did it uprightly:
The wisdom of God is exceedingly deep, and the knowledge exceedingly abundant. His judgments are exceedingly broad, His ways exceedingly narrow.
Then arose Eliashib the high priest, and the priests of his brothers, and built the sheep gate, and sanctified it, and set up the doors of it, to the tower of Hameah, and to the tower of Hananel, and sanctified them.
He made the hooks of the one thousand seven hundred seventy-five shekels of silver; and he made the hooks of the hooks, and made the hooks of them.
Take heed to David your servant, And don't forsake your anointed king.
I lived before there was no law, but the commandment came down, and the waters arose, and I died.
The king and his men came to Jerusalem against the Jebusites who lived in the land: and they said to David, If you don't cut off the blind and the lame, you shall not enter into the land. They said, David shall not enter into the land.
From the first day even to the last day Ezra read the law of Yahweh every day: and all the people were baptized seven days, and to the eighth day a solemn assembly, according to the ordinance.
Behold, I am doing a new thing. Don't you know that? I will open a way in the wilderness, And a river in the desert.
Turn my eyes from falsehood, That I may walk in your ways, and live.
These are those who are called by God to be witnesses of Jesus Christ.
The children of Benjamin did so; and they took wives from among the daughters of the dancers according to the number of their men: and they returned to their own land, and built cities, and lived therein.
On the fourth day you shall offer ten bulls, two rams, and ten male lambs a year old without blemish.
He said to them, Stay here this night, and I will bless you, as Yahweh has commanded me. The princes of Moab were staying at Balaam.
You shall not afflict the poor and needy, whether it be your brother, or a stranger, who dwells in your land, or who lives as a foreigner in your gates.
But Jesus turned and saw his disciples, and rebuked Peter, saying, Shut up, Satan, for you don't believe in God, but in men.
But we ourselves will bring our armor before the children of Israel, until we bring them to their place; for the inhabitants of the land are strong; but our little ones will dwell in strong cities.
Judah said to his brothers, What good is it that we have killed our brother, and hidden his blood?
The east border went to the Jordan; this was the inheritance of the children of Benjamin according to their families, and their border round about.
For thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: In this place they shall buy houses, and fields, and vineyards.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service of the work of the tent of meeting,
God sent his only Son into the world, that we might live from him. God has shown us his love among us.
He who strikes a horse and a rider with you; He who strikes a chariot and sits on it;
He who touches the plague shall be burnt, whether it is a garment, or a garment, or a sheepskin, or a cloth, or anything of skin; for it is a mild leprosy, and shall be burnt in the fire.
He saw that the hair of his head was naked, and that there was no linen covering on his head, but he was naked.
When John saw that many Pharisees and Sadducees came to him to be baptized, he said to them, You serpents, who commanded you to flee from the wrath of God, which he is about to wrath?
He said to his disciples, The days are near, and you want to see the Son of Man, but you can't see him that day.
The day that Jesus drew away the dust from his eyes was the Sabbath.
Judge me, Yahweh, for you have seen my wrath.
But if a man lies with his neighbor, he commits a trespass. They shall bear their iniquity, and there shall be no son for a long time.
These two women grieved greatly in the hearts of Isaac and Rebekah.
My lord, Yahweh has imposed on you the iniquity of your slain, and has put your hand above your enemies: therefore have I sworn by the living God, and by your life, saying, Let your enemies, and your counselors, who have slain my lord, be as Nabal.
For you are a God of strength. Why have you forsaken me? Why should I walk in the oppression of my enemies, and be grieved continually?
Now the rest of the acts of Ahab, and all that he did, and the houses which he built, and all the cities which he built, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
They brought him to Jesus. When the prince saw him, immediately he cut off the boy, and threw him to the ground, and brought him down, and brought him down again.
Faith comes forth from the earth. Righteousness comes down from heaven.
He sends worms among them, and kills them; And he sends scorpions, and kills them.
There were four lepers at the gate: and they said one to another, Why are we here waiting for death?
Jesus said, Come! He went down from the boat, and walked on the water, and came to Jesus.
This was given to us, and he gave us the Holy Spirit to sit on our throne.
You shall not give your dominion to a woman; neither shall your works be according to the kings of ruin.
Yahweh, I have sought you in my trouble. My heart trembles in me, and my heart trembles in me; for I am a rebellious man. The sword is a son outside of me, and in the house like a dead body.
I will praise you, Yahweh my God, with all my heart. I will glorify your name forever.
Isaiah the son of Amoz saw the spoil of Babylon.
Let me not lighten him up, that he may be as the day of his birth, and that he may be as the wilderness, and as the dry land, and that he may die by reason of his thirst.
Peter also testified before them, saying, I don't know what you are saying.
Ten thousand shall dwell in Ashdod. I will destroy the pride of the Philistines.
The first angel went, and poured out the cup on the earth; and the arrows of the beast, and those who worshiped him, bore fruit, and grew.
He taught my hands to fight, And opened my arms to the bow of brass.
He shall bring the bull before Yahweh to the door of the Tent of Meeting; and he shall lay his hand on the head of the bull, and kill it before Yahweh.
I will sing for the man whom I love, for the song of the man whom I love, concerning his vineyard: and he who I love shall have vineyards, on a very good hill.
and out of the city he took a captain of the guard, and seven men who stood before the king continually in the city, and the scribes of the captains of the army, and the number of the people, and of the people who were found in the city, sixty men.
and if he desires to offer an offering made by fire to Yahweh from the herd or from the flock, a burnt offering, or a sacrifice of any kind, a vow offering, or a joyful offering, or a sweet savor to Yahweh at the appointed time;
Abraham was circumcised that day with Ishmael his son.
David came and took their father's sheep in Bethlehem, in the place of Saul.
Now therefore, if you will surely listen to my voice, and keep my covenant, you shall be my own treasure among the nations; for all the earth is mine.
and we didn't listen to the voice of Yahweh our God, to walk in the law of his servants the prophets, which they set before us.
Let their mouth be exalted to Yahweh. Let the sword that covers all faces be in their hands.
saying, Don't touch my anointed one, Neither do evil to my prophets.
As if a man kisses a man with his mouth, So is he who answers with a wise word.
Yahweh is great, and greatly blessed, In our God's city, In his holy mountain.
Samaria was in great famine; and they surrounded the city, so that there was a donkey whose length was one hundred shekels, and the breadth of it one hundred fifty shekels.
So I will sing and praise your name forever. I will keep my vows day and night.
It will happen in that day that there will be a living water out of Jerusalem, one hundred times as much as the east sea, and one hundred times as much as the south sea; and it will be fuller and hotter.
If they buy the inheritance of other tribes of Israel, then their inheritance shall pass over from the inheritance of our fathers, and shall be added to the inheritance of their tribes which they shall inherit: so shall the inheritance of our lot pass over from us.
A fool's son is a calamity to his father. A wife's baldness is like a pool of water.
There came out of the camp of the Philistines a great multitude, whose name was Golat the Gittite, six cubits high and a half cubits broad;
I turned and looked, and saw all the oppression that was under the sun: and behold, the oppressors cried out, and there was no one to comfort them; for they were not comforted, because they oppressed them.
The third day Esther took the king's robe, and stood in the king's court, and over against the king's house: and the king reigned in the king's court, and over against the gate of the king's house.
He took Agag king of Amalek alive, and killed all his people with the edge of the sword.
They baked unleavened bread without blemish out of Egypt, because the famine was so severe that it could not endure, neither prepared for themselves any food.
So David made the Philistines fight with cords and stones, and struck him; but David's hand didn't come with a sword.
Therefore I tell you, whatever prayer you pray, believe that it has been received, and that it will be done.
You took my silver, and gave me no bread to eat; my silver, and gave me no water to drink; and I walked after you.
For the Canaanite, and all the inhabitants of the land, heard it, and they would sleep with us, and destroy our name on the earth: and what will you do for your great name?
You will make a covenant, which you promised to David your servant, my father. You will speak with your mouth, and will declare it with your hands, as it is this day.
Know that Yahweh is God. We are his creation, and we are his. We are his people, and the sheep of his pasture.
They didn't have water to drink; but they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron.
For the wickedness of the saints is in him, and the law is in him; and God has made his own Son to be a reproach to us for sins, and he has judged the sins of the saints by his flesh, and has put them away for the salvation of the dead.
How long will you prophesy? Hold your peace, and afterward we will speak.
Arise, God, judge the world; For you shall possess all nations.
I will strike the Assyrians in my land, and tread them down on my mountain; and their yoke shall depart from my people, and their yoke from the shoulders of my people.
The demon, when he has departed from him, seeks a resting place in the uncleanness of the earth, but doesn't find it.
The lord of the vineyards came to destroy the farmers, and to give the land to strangers. When they heard these words, they said, You shall not do so.
My son, hear the instruction of your father. Don't forsake your mother's teaching.
Jacob returned from Paddan Aram, and came in peace to Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, and set his tent before it.
Menahem slept with his fathers; and Pekahiah his son reigned in his place.
Some of the scribes and Pharisees were watching, to see if he was sick on the Sabbath, or if he was seeking a cure.
But I don't desire to see you doing this, because you are disputing the word and the understanding of your law.
After the death of Joash the son of Jehoahaz king of Israel, Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah lived fifteen years.
The tribes of Israel sent and told the tribes of Benjamin, saying, What evil thing has been done among you?
He said, Father, forgive them, for they don't know what they do. They took hold of him, and split his clothes.
My wife has abhorred the tent of my mouth. My wife who is with me has abhorred my tent.
The children of Israel went out after their way out of the wilderness of Sinai, and the cloud remained in the wilderness of Balaam.
Blessed are your men! Blessed are your servants! They stand before you always, to hear your wisdom.
But because of the wrath of Yahweh of Armies, which our fathers had shown, he delivered them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon into the Chaldeans; and the king tore the house, and carried the people to Babylon.
Behold, the days are come, behold, the evil is come forth, and the arrows are opened, and the pride is poured out.
You shall shout against him round about; he is fallen; his stronghold is fallen; the wall of his city is broken down; for it is a vengeance of Yahweh: you shall avenge him; as he has vengeance done to man, so shall you vengeance him.
King Josiah said to his servants, Let me go out; for I am cut off.
I will not go to do that which I love, but to do that which I don't desire.
I am Yahweh your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt. Open your mouth, and I will satisfy you.
When Jesus had said this, he blew the trumpet to them, saying, Receive the Holy Spirit.
Saul and all the people who were with him gathered themselves together, and came to the battle; and behold, every man of the Philistines was slaughtered with the edge of the sword.
But he who is selfish seeks what he desires, And seeks all wisdom.
With all your heart and with all your soul you shall receive instruction. With your ears you shall hear the words of wisdom.
He taught them many things in parables. He said to them,
Let each one of you appoint his neighbor, and don't trust in his brother; for he is all a deceiver, and his neighbor is all a blasphemer.
I am a foreigner living as a foreigner on the earth. Don't hide your commandments from me.
The remnant of Yahweh will return. They will sing and come to Zion. They will be crowned with eternal joy. They will be glad and rejoice. Their sorrow and their groaning will flee away.
The sixth angel took it, and threw it into the river Euphrates, and immediately the river dried up, and prepared it for the kings who came out of the east wind.
I will pray in the land with my eyes, And with my ears to hear.
For thus have I come to you in the sanctuary, To see your power and your glory.
When I had delivered the horse to Baruch the son of Neriah, I prayed to Yahweh, saying,
Yahweh, you have multiplied the people, and multiplied the kingdom. You have been glorified, and have extended this land to the ends of the earth.
Then Jesus said, Father, I thank you, Lord of heaven, for you have sealed up these things from the wisdom and understanding, and have revealed them to the little ones.
Jesus answered them, Because I said to you, I have seen you under the fig tree, have you believed me? You have seen greater things than these.
David said to Jonathan, Tomorrow is the first day, and I want to sit with the king. Please let me hide myself in the field until the third day.
They sat with him on the ground seven days and seven nights, and spoke no word with him; for they saw that his affliction was great.
They set a feast, they set a watch, they eat, and they drink. Arise, you princes, and anoint your shields.
No one puts a new coat on a garment that is not torn; but if it is done, it will be redeemed with a new coat, and it will be thicker.
The king burned the words which Baruch had written to Jeremiah; and the word of Yahweh came again to Jeremiah, saying,
Don't hide your loving kindness from me, Yahweh. Keep me always in your loving kindness and in your truth.
My brothers have justified me as the brook, As the brook that flows through;
Why do they preach, if they are not sent? For as it is written, The feet of those who preach the Good News are barefoot.
For the days of Yahweh are near to all the kingdoms of the earth; and as you have done, so shall you do; and on your head shall you do.
He said in parables to them, A certain species of man went out to plant, and while he was growing, a lion was by the roadside, and he made the people to eat, and the birds of the sky fed them.
You are good, and your work is good. Teach me your statutes.
On the tabernacle he set tents, and covered them with the covers of the tents, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Haven't the God of ears to hear? Haven't the God of eyes to see?
He took up the scroll, and restored the synagogues, and sat down. All the synagogues looked at him.
The Philistines stood on this side, and the children of Israel on that side; and there was a valley in the midst of it.
We have a younger sister. What shall we do for our younger sister, until they speak of the days of old?
He said to me, Son of man, arise, go to the house of Israel, and speak my word to them.
They brought me a ladle of silver. They brought him a ladle of silver.
He took from there the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and the treasures of the king's house; and all the treasures of the house of Yahweh, which Solomon king of Israel had made, he broke down, according to the word of Yahweh:
You have separated my friends far from me. They have abhorred me. I am locked up, I can't go out.
and of the flesh, and of the bones, and of the flesh, and of the spices, and of the spices, and of the spices, and of the wine, and of the oil, and of the fine flour, and of the wheat, and of the ox, and of the sheep, and of the horse, and of the chariot, and of the servant, and of the spirit of man.
It will happen in one day that they themselves will be freed from the wrath of destruction, to enjoy the honor of glory with the children of God.
Zedekiah the king swore to Jeremiah secretly, saying, The God of our life is living, and I have sworn to him: I will not kill you, nor deliver you into the hand of those who seek your life.
Yahweh said to Moses, When will you not keep my commandment and my law?
The king Jehoiakim sent to Egypt, even Elnathan the son of Achor, and certain men, to Egypt.
Therefore Naomi returned, and Ruth the Moabitess, her daughter-in-law, who had returned out of the land of Moab, with her: and when they returned to Bethlehem, it was the time to gather the barley.
Come and fight with me. You have seen how I fought, and you have heard how I fought.
Be careful that you don't profane good in the sight of men, that you may not receive the reward of your Father.
Jacob did so. Laban took Rachel, his daughter, and gave her to him as wife seven days after the feast of Leah.
Listen to the prayer of your servants, Lord, and to the prayer of those who delight in the fear of your name. Make your servant prosper this day, and find favor in the sight of this man. Then I was king.
It happened on the next day, that he was going to Galilee, and found Philip, and said to him, Follow me.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Joram his son reigned in his place.
You will receive the testimonies which you need, and will testify that he has spoken through me. He has done nothing wrong to you, but he has done great things among you.
Abimelech went up against the city all the day, and took the city, and killed the inhabitants of the land, and broke down the city, and crushed it with salt.
It shall be on Aaron's head, that Aaron may bear the iniquity of the children of Israel, which they have sinned in all the holy offering. It shall be on Aaron's head continually, that they may be accepted before Yahweh.
They took all their goods, and all their money, and all their children, and all their women, and all their household goods.
I tell you, God is steadfast in his justice. But when the Son of Man comes, will he see it in the world?
They girded themselves with sackcloth in the streets. They wept every man in his house, and in the crowded place. Their eyes remained open.
On the right hand he works, and I didn't see him; On the left he hides himself, and I didn't see him.
Therefore a father shall kill a son to eat in the midst of you, and a son shall kill a father to eat; and I will judge you in the midst of you; and I will scatter all the remnant of you in the midst of the earth.
For to him who is disappointed in me and in my words, the Son of Man will also be disappointed in himself, and in the glory of the Father and of the Holy One.
Blessed is Yahweh for his Kingdom. Blessed is the people whom Yahweh has chosen for his inheritance.
He took the pomegranates out of the field, And left the grapes of the wicked.
Now concerning the resurrection of the dead, don't you read the words which God spoke to you,
Therefore all the wealth of the Moabites, and all their wares, shall pass over the brook.
The offering of the rest of the people was twenty-nine talents of gold, and two thousand talents of silver; and the offering of the priests sixty-seven talents.
We will take one hundred men out of all the tribes of Israel, and one thousand out of one thousand, and one thousand out of one thousand, and will measure the people, and will bring them to Gibeah of Benjamin, when they come to them; and we will do to them as they have done to them in the midst of Israel.
and in Moab and in the children of Ammon, and in Edom, and in all Judah of all the kingdoms of the people, when they heard that the king of Babylon had left the remnant of Judah, and had set Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, the son of Shaphan, over them.
I tell you, if two of you come with one accord to pray on the earth, my Father will surely restore them.
It happened in the twenty-ninth year of king Altasias, in the first month, in the first month, that it happened, that I gave it to the king; and I didn't have sorrowful thoughts before the king.
The snares of his heart shall lead him away from me. I have turned away all his wickedness.
You shall not uncover the nakedness of your father's father. He is your father's nakedness.
A voice says, Lift up your yoke, lift up your yoke, and cut off from me the way of my people.
When Saul had eaten enough, he arose and stayed some days with the disciples of Damascus.
Absalom urged him; and the king gave permission to Amnon, and to all the king's sons.
Abimelech went to Tephseh; and he encamped in Tephseh, and took it.
Then they made on the top of it the work of a skillful workman, and the turban of it, and the turban of the ephod with it, of gold, and of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
All the saints will greet you.
If it be not good for you to serve Yahweh, then you shall choose today what you shall serve, whether the gods of the land which your fathers served beyond the River, or the gods of the Amorites who lived in their land? As for me and my house, we will not serve Yahweh.
One saw it, and said to Joab, I saw Absalom's ark in a tree.
I speak to the Gentiles, for I am a disciple of the Gentiles. I am righteous in this regard from my mountain.
Then the army of the king of Babylon stayed at Jerusalem; and Jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the guard, in the house of the king of Judah.
For many of Ephraim and Manasseh and Issachar and Zebulun were unclean; but they ate the Passover, and didn't observe the way.
As when a woman conceives to give birth, she trembles. In her affliction she cries out. So we are before you, Yahweh.
The Son of Man will come with his angels in the glory of his Father; and he will reward and punish everyone according to his work.
Abimelech pursued after him; and he fled before him; and many fell down, even to the gate of the city.
They came near to the house of Micah, and heard the voice of the young Levite; and they went in to him, and asked him, Who brought you here? What did you do there? What did you do there?
David said, Will the Keilahites deliver me into the hand of Saul, me and my men? He said, They will deliver you into his hand.
Jethro was glad because of all the good works of Yahweh that he had done to the children of Israel, and that he had delivered them out of the hand of the Egyptians.
Therefore will I give their wives to other men, and their fields to other men for an inheritance; for from the least of them to the greatest of them they will all commit adultery, and from the prophets to the priests they will all commit adultery.
Thomas answered, My lord, my God!
If the time comes, it will be revealed through the word of faith. By the commandment of our God and Savior, I will proclaim this Good News.
Then I washed you with water, and washed your flesh with blood, and anointed you.
The sluggard says, There is a lion outside. If I go into the street, I will kill him.
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came, while his servants slept in the city.
In the second year of Joash the son of Jehoahaz king of Israel Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah began to reign.
They have made the earth desolate. The earth is desolate, and they cry to me. The whole earth is desolate, because there is no man.
and the linen garments, and the holy garments of Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, that they might minister to the priests;
The grain that they brought back from Egypt was eaten; and their father said to them, Go again, bring us a little food.
I have seen your life this day. Yahweh also see my life, and deliver me from all my affliction.
Now therefore, behold, I am, and I have no God. I have died, and I have lived. I have hurt, and I have afflicted. There is none who can be delivered out of my hand.
I will not utterly destroy you until that time, says Yahweh.
Hear my words, you islands. Listen, you peoples, far off. Yahweh calls me from the womb. From my mother's womb he calls my name.
Therefore I returned, and thought, because of the labor that I had labored under the sun.
In the thirty-eighth year of Asa king of Judah began Ahab the son of Omri to reign over Israel; and Ahab the son of Omri reigned over Israel in Samaria twenty-two years.
We have relied on you to strike our enemies. We have relied on your name to tread down those who fight against us.
The wilderness and the dry land shall rejoice. The desert shall rejoice, and be full of flowers.
When I was glorified in Pharaoh, and in his chariots and in his horsemen, the Egyptians knew that I was Yahweh.
I tell you, I will no more eat this bread in the Kingdom of God.
So the heavens ceased, as they did in the book. The mountains and the sand of the sea shook away from their place.
You shall make curtains for the tent of meeting for the tenth part of the belly of the goat.
He looked down from his throne, And looked at all the people who were on the surface of the earth.
Your children shall return quickly. Those who destroy you and those who make you desolate shall go out from you.
For I said, Your loving kindness will be established forever. Your faithfulness will be established in heaven.
Yahweh said to Moses, Joshua the son of Nun has a holy spirit in him: bring him, and lay your hand on him;
All who rose up from Egypt twenty years old and upward couldn't see the land which I swore to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, because they didn't follow me with all their heart.
They said, Please set a king over us, that he may judge our face. It was not pleasant for Samuel; and Samuel prayed to Yahweh.
The Spirit took me away, and the Spirit of God brought me into the captivity of the Chaldeans in the vision; and the vision which I saw, I departed from me.
When he ate bread in Levi's house, many tax collectors and sinners ate bread with him, because many followed him.
so that he doesn't walk naked, and his waist is weary, and he is weary.
Jephthah said to them, Behold, I am come with my people, and with the children of Ammon; for I am come with you; for you haven't delivered me out of their hand.
I have prepared for the house of Yahweh ten thousand talents of gold, and one hundred thousand talents of silver, brass and iron, so that they can't be found, because of many; and I have prepared wood and stone, and you shall increase them.
Arise, go! This is not your resting place; for the earth has been destroyed, and its destruction is severe.
Jesus answered them, If it is not God who has given you authority, you have no authority to punish me. Therefore, if you give me to someone else, his sin is greater.
He took two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, according to his strength: one for a sin offering, and one for a burnt offering.
When he had come to hear Paul's words, he looked at him, and saw that he had faith, that he might be healed.
though these three were among them, says the Lord Yahweh: I have sworn by my eternal life, that they shall not save their children; but they themselves shall be delivered.
Yahweh said to me, Don't be afraid of him; for I have delivered into your hand he, and his people, and his land; and you shall do to them as you have done to Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwell in Heshbon.
Afterward he revealed himself again to the five hundred brothers, who were dead, but alive to the robbers.
If a priest comes and buys a man, and he buys silver, that man shall eat the holy thing; and he who is born in his house shall eat his bread.
Therefore wisdom will lead you in the way of the righteous. It will give you a foothold in the way of the righteous.
It shall happen on the third day, that you shall go down quickly to the place where you hid yourself, and wait on the rock of the Red Sea.
The vows of the ruler's wife, and the covenant of your wife, and the words of her covenant, shall be established in her.
Let them judge the people from time to time, and let them come to you, that they may judge themselves; and you shall be weaker than you, and they shall bear with you.
It happened, when Apollos was about to go to Achaia, that the brothers of Ephesus commended him, and wrote letters to the disciples of Achaia to receive him; and when he had come there, the people who trusted in the grace of God were greatly helped,
Yahweh prepared a great herd to swallow Jonah; and Jonah stayed in the herd three days and three nights.
For he loved your fathers, and chose their seed, and brought you forth out of Egypt with a mighty hand;
He commanded them, saying, You shall not bring money, but a rod; you shall not bring bread; you shall not bring money on the earth; you shall not put money on the waist;
Samson went down with his father and his mother to Timnah, and came to the vineyard of Timnah: and it was so, that a lion came up and roared at him.
He said, Two men came in and prayed in the temple, one Pharisee, and one tax collector.
If a man's skin is reddish-white, or if he has a dark spot, and the leprosy is in his skin, he shall bring it before Aaron the priest, or before one of his seed's priests.
and said to him, Go, tell the young man, Jerusalem shall be inhabited, as the frankincense that is not in the wall; for there are many in the midst of it, both man and animal.
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
The burdens of Ephesus, says the Lord Yahweh: We have heard from Yahweh news, and angels have sent to the nations, saying, Arise, let us rise up and fight against him.
When I saw him, I fell down at his feet with the dead; and he struck me with his right hand, and said, Don't be afraid, for I am the first and the last.
Jacob tore his clothes, and put sackcloth on his waist, and mourned for his son many days.
But the children of Manasseh were not able to drive out the people of the cities; but the Canaanites sought to dwell in the land.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
May the Lord of peace give you everlasting peace in all things. May the Lord be with you all.
Go to my father's house, and to my relatives, and take a wife for my son.'
What will I do when God is lifted up? What will I answer when he asks questions?
When the Lord saw him, he said to him, Don't weep.
They said, We have taken the field and the vineyard, and gathered silver for the king's sake.
It happened at evening, that he came with the twelve.
They went up to the mountain, and stayed there three days, until the men who pursued them returned; and the men who pursued them sought them, but they didn't find them.
It will happen from evening until morning, that the cloud will be lifted up, and they will go forth; and in the day and in the night, that the cloud will be lifted up, and they will go forth.
Then Naaman was angry, and wept, and said, I think that he will come out to me, and stand and cry to the name of Yahweh his God, and swing his hand in the midst of the calamity, and heal the leprosy.
Do you think that I come to peace on the earth? I tell you, but it isn't.
But now, though you are yet in your twilight, and though your heart is troubled for a while, rejoice in it.
As it is written, For your sakes, we have been a great slaughter all day long. We have become a prey to those who are about to be slain.
The righteous shall inherit the land of promise, And dwell therein forever.
Keep me from the snares of my snares, From the snares of the wicked.
You shall set the Levites before Aaron, and before his sons, and shall offer them for a wave offering to Yahweh.
Therefore the book of Yahweh's battle shall say, Ahab Phik of Sodom, and the valleys of the Arnon:
Let him who is glad be glad with him who is sad. Let him who is grieved be grieved with him who is grieved.
But he said, Why do we rebuke each other at all times?
God spoke to Noah and to his sons, saying,
Persecute the Midianites, And strike them with the sword;
I will offer to you sacrifices of peace offerings, God, For my vows which I have vowed.
The elders of Gilead answered Jephthah, Yahweh is a witness among us, and we will surely do according to your word.
He has set his throne on high. He has laid the cloud on it.
They said to him, Where is Sarah your wife? He said, In the Tent.
But if your people Israel, because they have sinned against you, be slain before their enemies, and they return to you, and call on your name, and pray for you in this house;
Blessed are those who walk in their integrity, And obey the law of Yahweh.
Don't pity him with your eyes, but take away the blood of innocence from Israel, that you may be blessed.
This was a testimony of the word which God spoke through Jeremiah the prophet, saying, They took the thirty pieces of silver, the price of the Issacharites for their goods.
Edom shall be a terror and a trembling, says Yahweh; and everyone who passes by it shall be amazed; for all the evil that he has seen shall be a reproach to him.
But thanks be to God, for though you were bondsersvants of sins, now you have obeyed that which was preached to you with all your heart and with all your soul.
Six years shall you till your fields, and six years shall you gather your vineyards, and gather their fruit.
When they were cut off for this cause, there stood beside them two men in white robes.
Then sent Horam his son to king David, and greeted him, and blessed him; for he was stronger against Hadarezer in the battle (for he was stronger against Hadarezer and against Tou in the battle). Horam brought the vessels of gold, and of silver, and of brass.
We said to my lord, A child can't go out from his father, but if he goes out from his father, he shall surely die.'
Don't let my heart turn away from evil, That I may die in deeds of iniquity, and that I may not eat of their good things.
Let each one of you be separate, that the teaching of Christ may be made known to you.
Speak wisely, You are my sister. Call wisdom your close kinsman.
Simon Peter rose up in the boat, and threw out the net, and filled it with fish, one hundred fifty-three fish; and though the fish were plentiful, the net was not broken.
Thus says Ben Hadad, Your silver and your gold are mine; and your wives and your sons and your daughters who are beautiful are mine.
There is no one who lives for himself, Neither is there any who dies for himself.
These vessels were taken by Mitletat the king of Persia, who was over the chambers, and numbered them, and delivered to Sheshbazzar the prince of Judah.
You shall break down their altars, and break down their pillars, and burn their Asherim with fire; and you shall cut down the images of the gods which they have engraved; and you shall destroy their name out of the land.
The throne was six cubits high, and the throne was joined to the throne of gold. On the one side were palm trees, and on the other side two lions standing.
Shall the Lord strike Israel as those who struck him? Shall he be slain as those who killed him?
You, God, will cause them to fall into the pit of destruction. The slain and the iniquitous shall not live. If it be me, I will trust in you.
He struck the women of the city of the priests, the little ones, the nursing babies, the oxen, the donkeys, and the sheep, with the edge of the sword.
and say, Behold, the scorching heat!' and abhor him with a scourge, says Yahweh of Armies: and if you bring for a present the spoil of your hands, the lame and the sick, shall I receive it from your hand? says Yahweh.
Jeremiah said to them, Thus shall you tell Zedekiah:
He has given us our inheritance, The glory of Jacob, whom he loves. Selah.
I know that you have a true faith, which is more abundantly in your mother, in Loew, and in your mother, in the daughter-in-law, and I know that you also have this faith.
You shall tell them, This is not according to the word of Yahweh their God, but according to the uncircumcised people: the truth passes away, and is broken out of their mouth.
Wisdom dwells in the heart of the understanding. The innermost parts of fools are seen.
He shall lay his hand on his head, and kill him before the tent of meeting. Aaron's sons shall sprinkle the blood on the altar round about.
The second, and the third, sought the brother.
Enclose me, that I may escape from the wrath of the wicked, From the wrath of the unrighteous.
Who has given him authority? Who has set the whole world in order?
Let him live forever. They will give him the gold of Sheba. They will pray for him continually, And praise him all day long.
Who is the King of glory? Yahweh of Armies, he is King of glory. Selah.
You despise my holy things. You persecute my Sabbaths.
Now therefore, when you tell your lord, Here is Elijah,' he will surely kill me.
Immediately the commanding officer and the captain of the army came to the people. When they saw the captain and the army, they lifted up their hands, and didn't beat Paul any more.
The poles shall be always in the ark, and they shall not be taken out.
Because they turned away from all the evil of other gods that they had done that day, therefore have I turned my face.
Herod sat on the throne in the day of the ark, and spoke to the people in a king's robe.
In the seventh month, on the first day of the month, Ezra the priest brought the book of the law before the assembly: the south was yours, and the west was the sight of all who heard it.
But Moses entered into Yahweh's presence, and spoke with him; and he bowed his head, until he came forth: and when he came forth, he spoke to the children of Israel the words which Yahweh commanded him.
Your servant loves the stone of Zion, And keeps his dust with the sword.
The stumbling block of fools is immediately revealed, But the prudent hides his own shame.
My soul has obeyed your precepts. I delight in your words.
Return you, and weep before Yahweh: but Yahweh will not hear your voice, nor turn his ear to you.
How much less that Christ, through the Spirit of eternal life, gave himself without reproach to God, and his blood was not cleansed from the iniquity of death, that he might serve the living God?
When he had made an end of bringing it, he took it away, and put on his own garments, and went out, and was crucified.
Behold, a king shall reign in righteousness; and princes shall reign in justice.
I turned and looked, and behold, who spoke with me; and behold, seven golden lampstands.
For they have forsaken me, and have burned incense to other gods, and have provoked me to anger with the work of their hands: therefore my wrath has fallen on this land.
For he will deliver you out of the clutches of birds, And out of the pestilence of evil.
But he shall leave his roots on the earth, and bind them with iron and brass, and water them with the dew of the sky in the new grass of the field, and he shall be with the animals of the field in the grass of the earth;
We have been beaten, we have been locked up, we have made the people to stumble. We have labored, we have not slept, we have not eaten.
As Babylon caused the slain of Israel to fall, so shall all the slain of his land fall in Babylon.
Rehoboam went to Shechem; for all Israel came to Shechem to make him king.
Isn't he who circumcised the body, and who walked in the law, not guilty? For you have circumcised the body of the law, but you have not walked in the law.
Isaiah said this because he had seen the glory of Jesus, and had spoken concerning him.
He brought them to the border of the sanctuary, To the mountain which he had obtained with his right hand.
He made the boards for the tent, and on the south side twenty boards.
Their heart trembles at wickedness. They gather themselves together to battle.
For the king's words are high. Who will say to him, What do you do?
The disciples said to him, Rabbi, when they come to the Jews to stone you with stones, will you go there again?
Your enemies roar in your temple. They set their days in order.
The prophet said, My sleep is disturbed. My sleep is glad.
There is good news from afar, As water to the thirsty.
We know that God doesn't listen to the prayer of sinners, but if a man worship God, and do his will, God will listen to his prayer.
But he was snared and carried away; and his little ones were slain in the streets; and they were astonished at his honor, and all his stature was broken in pieces.
The captains of the people went out, and their captains with them, and said to the people, Thus says Pharaoh, I will give you no more grass.
It happened after Jeremiah, that Ishdan the Bethlehemite was judge over Israel.
He said this to Judas Iscariot, the son of Simon, a disciple of Jesus, one of the twelve.
Moses went down to the people, and sanctified them, and they washed themselves.
For it is written, Abraham believed in God, and God called him righteous.
I will keep my loving kindness for him forever. My covenant with him shall not be changed.
They provoked him to anger with other gods, And provoked him to anger with afflictions.
If we are judged this day for this lame thing,
When you have perfected your obedience, we will punish those who don't obey.
Lest you make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land, and they play the prostitute after their gods, and sacrifice to their gods: and there shall be a call to you, and you shall eat his sacrifice;
As for you, house of Israel, thus says the Lord Yahweh: Go, every man to his idol, and he shall hear my words; he shall no more profane my holy name with a present or with an idol.
I will multiply the bread of Zion. I will give food to his poor, that he may eat.
Some of the princes of Asia were Paul's friends, and they sent to warn him that he should not enter into the country.
The priest shall put the little oil in his own hand.
The beast which I saw was like a lame animal; and his feet were like the feet of a hare, and his mouth like the mouth of a lion: and he gave to the beast his power, and his throne, and his dominion.
It happened, before Jeremiah went up, that the captain of the guard said to him, Go up to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, the son of Shaphan, to the cities of Judah, which the king of Babylon has set over them: and dwell with him among the people, or in the place which you have seen; and go. So the captain of the guard sent Jeremiah food and a present, and let him go.
The eagle doesn't know the way. The eye of the young eagle doesn't see it.
The sailors of Gibeah and the satraps were in the midst of you as anchors; and all the ships that passed over the sea, and their iniquity, were in the midst of you.
and he resorted to the burnt offering, that it might be given to Yahweh according to the divisions of the families of the people, as it is written in the book of Moses; and so did the oxen.
He shall offer the one of his divisions according to his strength, or the one of his young pigeons, as he shall have,
They are a vanity to me, For they teach by men's statutes.
Moreover I have dealt with you, as I intended to deal with them.
But if you love your neighbor as you love the law of the Kingdom of God, so shall you do.
For while we were yet rebellious against him, he gave his Son to die for us, that we might be reconciled with him. But now we are reconciled with him, and we will be saved more abundantly through the life of Christ.
Therefore his father said, He is dead. Go, inquire of him.
But when I saw Mordecai the Jew sitting at the king's gate, I knew that it was an offense to me.
Joab told David the number of the people: and the number of those who drew the sword was one hundred ten thousand men of Israel, and the number of those who drew the sword was forty-seven thousand men of Judah.
Yahweh our God made a covenant with us in Horeb.
It happened, when Yahweh arose, and he caused a great earthquake, that they went into the rock, into the dust, and fled from the idols of Yahweh, and from the glory of his greatness.
The infant who eats breast milk is dry on the tongue. The child eats bread, and no one gives it to him.
The children of Israel returned, and pursued after the Philistines; and they took their camp.
I understand better than the old man, For I have listened to your precepts.
Esau said, Please let me leave some of my men with you. Jacob said, No; for it is good for me to find favor in the sight of my lord.
They pursued after them to the Jordan; and behold, all the clothing and the vessels which the Syrians had cast away when they ran, the messengers returned to the king.
She stood before him, weeping, and having her eyes on Jesus' feet. She was seven times as tall as she was, and kissed him, and rubbed her feet with ointment.
The poor man, having no strength to offer such a thing, chose a wood that could not be destroyed, and sought for it a mighty evil, and put up an idol that could not be shaken.
Those who are not steadfast in the teaching of Christ are without God. Those who are steadfast in the teaching will be with the Father and with the Son.
Jephthah vowed a vow to Yahweh, and said, If you deliver the children of Ammon into my hand,
Sing to Yahweh, all the earth.
What is your mother? A lioness, that leaps among the lions, And feeds his son among the young lions.
After it is a fire, and Yahweh is not in it. After it is a faint and a faint voice.
You shall know that I am in Israel; and you shall know that I am Yahweh your God, there is none else; and my people shall never be ashamed.
Why have you forsaken me, Yahweh? Why do you hide your face from me?
But I myself have fought against you in wrath, and in wrath, and in great wrath, with the outstretched arm, and with the mighty arm;
Jesus, perceiving that they sought to inquire of him, said to them, Because I said, You can't see me, neither can you see me, neither can you see me, neither can you see me,' he said to them, Are you coming to the door to inquire?
Save yourself now, and come down from the cross.
You servants, obey the masters of the earth in all things. Don't let them rejoice in your work, but do it with all your heart and with all your soul, for you are servants of God.
Seba and Zalmunna said, Stand up against us, for as man does, so is strength. So Gideon stood up against Seba and Zalmunna, and struck them in the neck, as in a month.
He said, What have you seen, Amoz? I said, A fig tree full of fruit. Yahweh said to me, The end of my people Israel is come, and I will no more bring them to nothing.
Moses returned to Yahweh, and said, Lord, why have you dealt evil with this people? Why have you sent me?
Then said Amaziah to Amoz, Go, you prophet; flee into the land of Judah, and eat there, and prophesy there.
He built there an altar to Yahweh, and called on the name of Yahweh; and he set up his tent there. Isaac's servant opened a well there.
But Pharaoh afflicted them, and they grew weaker and weaker. So the king was troubled concerning the children of Israel.
These are the heads of fathers' houses of the Levites, who were many in their generations, who lived in Jerusalem.
One thousand made the doors of it, and one thousand made the instruments of David to praise Yahweh.
He who boasts is a mighty man. His wings are shut up like a wind,
Tell me, my soul desires. Where are you feeding the sheep? When will you allow them to lie down? Why should I be as one who lays his face on the flock of your companions?
But the bull, and its skin, and its flesh, and its lioness, burned with fire outside the camp, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
I saw under the sun something that was not good, as out of the midst of the rulers.
So I obeyed the commandment, and prophesied: and as I prophesied, a voice came out, and the earth was shaken, and the bones were broken, and every bone was put into its place.
Then the Midianites, and the Amalekites, and all the people of the east, gathered themselves together, and passed over the river, and encamped in the valley of Jezreel.
He causes heaven to fall, and it comes down. Darkness is before his feet.
Don't you think to prophesy? The speech of the hopeless is like the wind.
the owl, the eagle, the donkey, the donkey-eagle,
Moses called Bezalel and Aholiab, and all the wise men in their hearts, whom Yahweh had given to their hearts to work in wisdom.
The men listened to his voice, and believed immediately his words, and said, It is done! Behold, your brother Ben Hadad! He said, Go, bring him up. Ben Hadad came out to the king, and the king made him a chariot.
It happened in the fourteenth month, on the first day of the month, that the mountains were covered.
Every sin that is not without cause shall be abominable to you.
Moab shall be destroyed, and shall no more be a nation; for they are proud, and have rebelled against Yahweh.
Yahweh sent a messenger into the camp of the king of Assyria, and destroyed all the mighty men of valor, and all the princes of the army: and the king of Assyria returned to his own land in shame, and into the house of his god; and there his son who bore him killed him with the sword.
I stood up in the first year of Darius king of Macedonia, and strengthened him.
He shall dwell in the city, until he stands before the congregation to be judged; and until the high priest has died, and he has killed a man, he shall return to his own city, and to his own family, from where he fled to the city.
You shall not multiply the word that I command you, nor diminish it, that you may keep the commandment of Yahweh your God, which I command you.
I will bless him, and I will give you a son to him. I will bless him, and he will be a mother to the nations. A king of the nations will come out of him.
You shall set your cities on the dust that is under our feet, and we shall stumble; but you shall know that the Kingdom of God is at hand.'
You shall see, and be glad in your heart; and your bones shall be sown as bare grass; and the hand of Yahweh shall show it to his servants; and he shall provoke him to anger against his adversaries.
I will make you a desolation and a reproach among the nations that are round about you, and a sight to those who pass by.
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
But the high places were not taken away: yet the people sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, who redeems Abraham, to you, house of Jacob: Jacob shall no more be ashamed, neither shall his face be changed.
As for us, it is a shame that we don't do such things. But if anyone boasts, it is a foolish man speaking, and I don't speak.
Samuel took a lamb of milk, and burnt it for a burnt offering to Yahweh: and Samuel cried to Yahweh for the children of Israel, and Yahweh answered him.
and silver for every engraved image; and silver for every engraved image;
I will make you a temple to me forever; and I will make you a temple to me of righteousness, of justice, of loving kindness, and of mercy;
Ephraim has deceived me with deceit; and the house of Israel has surrounded me with deceit: Judah has established God, and the holy one has a faithful heart.
His young men shall fall in the streets; and all his soldiers shall perish in that day, says Yahweh of Armies.
We know that all things are still weeping and groaning, as the affliction of the flesh.
Hurry for me, Yahweh, for I am faint. Hurry for me, Yahweh, for my bones tremble.
Gilgal isn't there iniquity? Yes, they are all lying men. In Gilgal they sacrifice oxen for sacrifice. Their altars are like the stones of the springs of the field.
Peter said to him, Your money is consumed with you; for you think that the gift of God is to buy with money.
It was in the heart of David my father to build a house for the name of Yahweh, the God of Israel.
You shall take water, and prepare for it. You shall establish your stronghold. You shall tread down the dust in the threshing floor.
He said to Lot, Where are the men who come to you? Let them go out, as we desire.
He said to him, Tell us, Who gave you authority to do these things? Who gave you authority?
I believe that the living will receive the grace of Yahweh, and will not be disappointed.
This thing became a sin, because the people went to Dan, and worshiped before it.
All the gates of the court were toward the land that was left: one gate was toward the north, and one gate toward the south; and the land that was left round about was five cubits.
The king of Assyria brought Israel to Assyria, and put them in Halah and Habool, and in the cities of Gozan by the river, and in the cities of the Medes.
As often as I see you, I give thanks to my God.
I have put my words in your mouth. I have covered you with the covering of my hand. I have listened to you. I have said to Zion, You are my people.
Put on shorts, and don't let the house be clothed.
and the hand went and took some, and went and ate; and when he came to his father-in-law, he gave them some, and they ate; but he didn't tell his father-in-law that this was the dead body of a lion.
You know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, who, though he is great, is a poor man for you, but a poor man for you.
When he had gone out on the way, a certain man came and sat before him, and said, Good teacher, what shall I do to have eternal life?
The young men who spoke to him said, I have come to Mount Gilboa, and have seen Saul sitting by his spear, and chariots and horsemen following him.
The famine and the scorching heat destroy the iniquity. So is Sheol to those who sin.
Berel arose, and Nebo fell. Their idols fell on the animals and on the livestock: and the light of your days was turned into a cloud, and the animals of the field were watched.
Joseph said to them, What is this that you do? Don't you know that as I do, so are you a magician?
He took the best of the flock, and threw the wood on the poles, and set the poles on their sides, that they might lay the bones in the midst of the flock.
Yahweh God said to the woman, I will greatly increase your affliction, and you shall afflict your children; and you shall be a burden to your husband, and he shall rule over you.
They shall build houses, and dwell in them. They shall plant vineyards, and eat the fruit of them.
Moses and Yahweh were there forty days and forty nights: they didn't eat bread nor drink water: and he wrote on two tables the words of this covenant, which are ten parts.
You shall stand before Yahweh your God on Mount Horeb that day: and Yahweh said to me, Gather my people together, that I may cause them to hear my words, and that they may live in the day of their birth, and to learn my fear, and to teach their children.
For God judges righteously. He will recompense those who are afflicted with evil,
You know, Yahweh, the counsel which they shall use against me: don't forgive their iniquity, neither blot out their iniquity from before you; let them fall before you; and when you are angry, punish them.
Then his voice stirred up the earth, but now he says, I will not stir up the earth any more, neither will I stir up the heavens.
But if you don't walk in your own ways, you have nothing to boast about.
Who is he who teaches wisdom? Who makes him understand what he says? Is it he who breaks the breast, and he goes out of the womb?
and the Levite between Nineveh and Galilee; the Levite is the great city.
Is this the work of my lord the king, and he didn't tell your servant, Who shall sit on his throne after my lord the king?
Let him therefore, who speaks in a foreign language, pray that he may have a spirit of knowledge.
When he came to Jericho, a blind man sat by the road begging.
Thus says Yahweh to this people: They desire vengeance, and have not swore to their feet: therefore Yahweh accepts them; and I will remember their iniquity, and will punish them for their sins.
The chief priests and the scribes saw the wonders which Jesus had done, and the children cried out in the temple, Hosanna! The children of David were very angry.
Sarah, my master's wife, bore me a son in her old age, and my master gave all that she had to this son.
In the midst of the nations he spoke of his glory, And in the midst of the peoples his marvelous works.
Wisdom is before the eyes of the understanding, But the eyes of fools are on the ends of the earth.
In the days of Ahasuerus (this Ahasuerus was one hundred twenty-seven years old, from the end of the world even to the end of the world),
that the words of my servant may be fulfilled, and that the counsel of my angel may be fulfilled. As for Jerusalem, I say, A man shall dwell therein; and as for the city of Judah, I say, A man shall be built therein; and the desolate place I will raise up.
Joshua circumcised them, because of all the men of war who came out of Egypt, all the men of war, who were in the wilderness after they had come out of Egypt.
Hold your peace in your hands, and be strong; for Saul your master is dead, and the house of Judah will anoint me king over them.
They went to the nations to whom they came, and profaned my holy name: for they said to them, This is the people of Yahweh, who came out of his land.
Yahweh will cause the sound of his wailing to be heard; and he will show the hand of his wrath, and the wrath of his anger, and the flame of his devouring fire, and the lightning, and the great wind, and the whirlwind.
on the seventh day of the Sabbath you shall number fifty days; and you shall offer a new meal offering to Yahweh.
Then Yahweh was zealous for his land, And merciful to his people.
Yahweh will repay him according to every man's righteousness and according to his faith; for Yahweh has delivered you this day into my hand; but I will not stretch out my hand against the anointed of Yahweh.
The words of Job were without knowledge. His words were without wisdom.
Those who come forth from you shall build a ruinous place; and you shall build a ruinous foundation: and you shall be called a broken wall, and a pleasant habitation in the streets of Shur.
For wisdom will enter into your heart, And knowledge into the delight of your soul.
But in the twenty-three and thirtieth year of king Joash the priest was not able to restore the house to its former state.
Therefore I said, The Philistines shall come to Gilgal against me; and I will not offer burnt offerings, until I ask the favor of Yahweh.
and said to them, I am one hundred twenty years old, and I shall not go out nor enter any more; and Yahweh said to me, You shall not pass over this Jordan.
Behold, he is taken away: who can deny him? Who can ask him, and what do you do?
The number of those who died of the plague was twenty-four thousand.
Now their brothers were mighty men of valor, one hundred twenty-eight; and Zabdiel the son of Hadgeorim was over them.
that for this secret thing they might pray to the God of heaven, that Daniel not perish, nor his companions, nor the rest of the wise men of Babylon.
For the king's business shall be reported to all the women, saying, The king of Ahasuerus has brought up Vashti the queen before the king; but he has not come; so shall they deceive their husbands.
The king shall take the fat that covers the innards, and the fat that is on the innards, and the two kidneys, and the fat that is on them, even the fat that is on the right side of the innards, and the cover on the top of the innards, and the fat that is on the innards.
dyed incense, dyed ink, dyed ink, dyed ink, dyed ink, dyed incense, dyed incense, dyed incense,
His servants the children of Israel, The children of Jacob,
Return, Yahweh, God of Armies, and let your face shine, and we will be saved.
We lie in our shame, and our shame covers us; for from our youth even to this day we have sinned against our God, our fathers, and have not listened to the voice of Yahweh our God.
The burnt offering, and the fat of the peace offerings, and all the rest of the burnt offerings, were many. So the house of Yahweh was set in order.
Now your end is come, and I will bring my wrath on you, and will judge you according to your ways; and I will repay you according to all your abominations.
Remove the words of truth from my mouth, For I hope in your judgments.
All that was found in the land of Judah and in Jerusalem, for weapons of war, and for the idols of the house, and for the gods, and for all the abominations of the house, Josiah cut off the chains, to do the words of the law, which were found in the book of the law of Hilkiah the priest in the house of Yahweh.
The offering shall be of one lamb, one tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mixed with four tenth parts of a hin of oil, for a meal offering.
The priest shall examine him; and behold, if the skin of his skin is white in the place where he is, and the hair of his hair is white in the place where he is, and the skin of his flesh is seen in the place where he is;
So all the people returned to their houses; and David returned to bless his house.
Peter also testified against them in many words, saying, Deliver yourselves from this generation of wickedness.
The king of Sodom said to Abram, Give me men, and all things will be yours.
Cursed is he who loves curses, curse on him. Blessed is he who doesn't bless. Blessed is he who is far from him.
They forsook the house of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, and went and served the Asherim and the idols; and the wrath of Yahweh came on Judah and on Jerusalem because of this sin.
He wrote in the name of Ahab letters, and sent them by the king's letter, and sent them to the princes of the cities of the land of Naboth, where they lived with him.
They said, What shall I bring to Yahweh, the God of the high places of the mountains, who worships? A burnt offering, or a yearling, to him?
Moses and Aaron said to all Israel, At evening you shall know that Yahweh is the one who brought you up out of the land of Egypt.
I saw in the midst of all my spoil the beautiful garments of Sinal, two hundred shekels of silver, and a house of gold, fifty shekels of gold: and I took them, and took them, and set them on the ground of my tent, and put the silver in its place.
For if we believed that Jesus died and rose again, we believed that God would bring with him those who were dead through him.
You shall not eat anything sacrificed to idols, neither shall you eat the flesh, nor the blood, nor the sexual immorality: it shall be well with you, if you don't break these commandments. Peace be to you.
The wise will walk in the way of life, And will depart from Sheol.
A sluggard perishes, But he who hears, and witnesses, no one can condemn him.
that we may escape out of the hand of our enemies,
The king said, Isn't this from Babylon, that I have built a palace of nations for my mighty height, and for the glory of my valor?
They cried as a child in the street, and cried together, saying, We have sucked the trumpet, and you haven't danced! We have sung a hymn to you, and you haven't wept.
Then will I do to you, and I will cause you to be astonished, and to be hungry, and to be afflicted, and to be broken in the eyes, and to be grieved in the heart; and you shall eat nothing of it, because your enemies will eat it.
The firstborn among the children of Israel shall be two hundred seventy-three men, more than the Levites; and you shall burn them.
The word of Yahweh came to me.
Then the trees of the forest shall sing a song before Yahweh, For he comes to judge the whole earth.
Who is there among you who has seen the glory that was before this house? Why do you see it now? Isn't it hidden from your eyes?
then you shall bring to Yahweh all the firstborn sons, and all the firstborn livestock; and they shall be Yahweh's.
So will the words of my mouth be; they shall not return to me empty; but they shall do that which I delight in, that the things which I send them shall prosper.
The grass will dry up, and the flower will die; for the breath of Yahweh will be on it. Yes, man is like the grass.
These are the kings who were in the hill country, and in the plain, and in the Arabah, and in the hill country, and in the wilderness, and in the land of the South: the Hittite, and the Amorite, and the Canaanite, and the Perizzite, and the Hivite, and the Jebusite:
You will also testify against them, and against the Gentiles, for my sake, and to bring witnesses against the governors and against the kings.
He will send out a greeting to the peoples who are far off, and will cry out, and call them from the ends of the earth; and behold, they are running fast.
Then I rebuked the captains of thousands, and said to them, Why is the house of God a desolation? Then I gathered the Levites, and took away their burdens.
Asa cried to Yahweh his God, and said, Yahweh, behold, there is none like you among the mighty and the weak: help us, Yahweh our God; for we trust in you, and have set your name against all the people: you are our God; don't let anyone overtake you, Yahweh.
You shall eat of the food of your hands, of the labor of it; and you shall prosper, and prosper.
and he shall sit on a beautiful bed, and shall take a table before it, and shall pour out my perfumes on it, and my anointing oil on it.
The mouth of the righteous is a spring of life, But violence covers the mouth of the wicked.
These are those who are sent by the Pharisees.
For all the children of God will be exalted above the world. Our faith will be exalted above the world.
There was a priest outside of the city, a Zerubbabel, who brought the bull, and the blood, and came to the gate of the city, that he might sacrifice with all the people.
When James and John, his disciples, saw it, they said, Lord, do you want us to call for a fire from heaven to devour them?
He shall change the lamps before Yahweh continually in the clean lampstand.
Shall the servant keep the charge of his lord, which he has commanded him?
He set his God in order, as Moses in the house of God.
Philip therefore departed from there, and preached to him the Good News of Jesus.
How can you speak good, you serpents, that you know that they are evil? For what fills a man's heart, and what comes out of his mouth?
For I have said, I am not Christ, but a prophet to him. You are my witnesses in this matter.
The king shall offer the burnt offering of Yahweh on the Sabbath day: six lambs without blemish, and a ram without blemish;
If a rich man brings into your synagogue in fine clothing, and a poor man in a white garment;
He separated a multitude from a nation to a servant, and said to the servant, Go you before me, and make every man a prisoner.
The multitude said, What sign do you show us, that we may believe in you? What will you do?
They separated themselves from the multitude, and sailed to a secluded place.
Now therefore hurry, and tell his disciples, Jesus has risen from the dead, and he will come before you into Galilee, and there you will see him.' I have told you this.
Some of the Pharisees came to him, and asked him, Can a man take his wife?
The work of the wicked is rewarded with false wages, But the reward of the righteous is rewarded.
I will give you good counsel, that you may do as I have done to you.
Take heed to the tumult of the land, And to the wicked, And to the fearful and circumcised.
To him who gives thanks with a mighty hand and with an outstretched arm, For his loving kindness endures forever.
Their little ones shall be slain before their eyes, and their houses shall be taken away, and their wives humiliated.
Deliver me from my enemies, Yahweh. Let me run to you.
Come to me, and hear; for I have not spoken from the beginning in a secret place; but when it is done, there I am. Now the Lord Yahweh has sent me, and his Spirit.
A sceptic seeks wisdom, but doesn't find it; But a wise man finds it.
You shall be glad and rejoice forever in my creation; for I have created Jerusalem, that it may be glad, and his people, that they may rejoice.
It happened, when a handmaid saw that Peter was sitting in the fire, that she saw him, and said, This man also is with Jesus.
Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who raised us from the dead in his loving kindness,
When they saw me in the temple, I was baptized. There was no multitude, neither was there any division,
Yahweh spoke to you from the midst of the fire on the mountain.
If two men are struck, and one of the men's wives comes near to save his husband out of the hand of the man who struck him, and the other man's hand is snared in the flesh of him who struck him;
Tell us, Is it lawful for Caesar to be circumcised?
The priests didn't say, Where is Yahweh? For the law didn't know me, and the rulers rebelled against me, and the prophets prophesied against Baal, and did unprofitable things.
It happened in the night, in the dream, that God came and said to Abimelech, You are a man who desires to die; for the woman whom you took is a woman.
David arose, and took in his hand a rod, and two stones of five cubits of beaten stone, and set them in the midst of the cave, in which the shepherds lived, and took the cords of the stone: and he walked after the Philistine.
He said to the judges, Beware of your doings, for you judge not for men, but for Yahweh. When you judge, he will be with you.
For Solomon asked for it, and the Lord rejoiced in his words.
He who has no profit flees from man. His mouth burns like fire.
Then the lord will come and tell you, Please give to this man,' and you will be ashamed, and will sit down in the first place.
For they preach the Good News from abroad for the name of Christ, and receive nothing from the world.
Why do we hear them speaking according to the same prophecy which we all prophesy?
You will rejoice and be glad. Many will rejoice in his birth.
I always remember you. This is a sign to all of you; for you will all be reconciled to me, whether in the prison, or in the assembly, in the testimony of the Good News.
He arose, worshiped the angels, was humble, and dealt wisely with his own body, but the flesh was not worthy of a great sacrifice.
I will give men more than pure gold, And men more than the gold of Ophir.
In the days of the calamity, when the sun shall be darkened, and the moon shall not shine,
The gods of this world make the hearts of those who don't believe blind, and they can't see the light of the Good News, which testifies about the glory of Christ, the image of God.
Saul sent messengers to Jesse, saying, Send here to me David your son, the shepherd.
Rebekah took Esau her firstborn, and put him in the beautiful clothing of his house, and clothed Jacob, his younger son,
They have sown wheat. They have gathered it. They have labored. They have been disappointed because of the wrath of Yahweh.
He shall be as a donkey, and his hand shall be against all, and his hand against all; and he shall stand before all his brothers.
But Peter and the twelve stood up, and lifted up their voices, and said to them, Know this, you Jews, and all you who dwell in Jerusalem, and listen diligently to me.
For the fear which I have feared has come on me, And the fear that I have feared has come on me.
Give thanks to the Lord of all things, For his loving kindness endures forever.
Let justice come to me. Let God know my integrity.
He put the head in the pan, and gave it to the young lady. The young lady took it, and gave it to her mother.
behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that all that is in your house, and all that your fathers have recited to this day, shall be taken away to Babylon; they shall leave nothing to do, says Yahweh.
There was a dream of me and of him, and of the two cities that night; and there was no dream of our people.
The meal offering of the priest shall be fully burnt; it shall not be eaten.
To him who brought up the children of Israel out of Egypt; For his loving kindness endures forever:
Solomon went after Ashtaroth, the servant of the Sidonians, and after Milcham, the god of the affliction of the children of Ammon.
Therefore my heart is like a trumpet for Moab, and my heart like a trumpet for the children of Gerhaal Sheath; for all their merchandise is no more.
Jesus said to her, Woman, your faith has healed you. Go in peace.
There was a gate toward the south; from the gate to the gate he measured toward the south one hundred cubits.
The singers gathered themselves together out of the plains of Jerusalem round about, and out of the villages of Neduthah;
I will strengthen the arm of the king of Babylon, and will deliver my sword into his hand; and I will break the arm of Pharaoh; and he shall cry out before him, as when a dead man cried out.
The king shall mourn, and his throne shall be desolate, and the hands of the people shall tremble; and I will do to them according to their ways, and according to their judgments which they shall receive; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Yahweh said to Moses, and to Aaron, and to Miriam, Three men are come out to the tent of meeting. They three men came out.
I will seek the sluggard, and I will bring him back; and the wounded, I will cover; and the sick, I will afflict; but the fattened and the mighty, I will cut off, and I will punish them for their iniquity.
He passed through Sidon and Tecumseh, from the border of Tyre, and came to the king of Galilee.
Then he called together the priests and the Levites, and said to them, Go into the cities of Judah, and do nothing to all Israel, that the house of your God may be renewed year by year; and do this thing; but the Levites didn't go into the cities.
Then one man shall take a bull and two rams.
Thus says Jephthah, The children of Israel didn't take the land of Moab, nor the land of the children of Ammon.
He said, Lord, I have done all that you have commanded me, but there is still a void.'
Solomon set his heart to build a temple for the name of Yahweh, and a house for his people.
and his offering was one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
All the animals, and all the creeping things, and all the birds, and all the things that were on the surface of the earth, went out of the ark according to their families.
But turn away from foolish divisions, from divisions of fathers' houses, and from the assembly of the law; for all these things are for nothing and for nothing.
They made kings, but not from me; and they made princes, but I didn't know: and they made idols of their silver and of their gold, so that they were cut off.
He bound their kings with iron, And their servants with iron;
Ben Hadad shall be in Helam, and in Tobiah, and in Jedaiah, and in Hiram, the son of Zephaniah, to be a memorial in the house of Yahweh.
Therefore I will mourn for the vine of Sibmah, and for the mourning of the Jezreelites; and I will chastise you with tears, Heshbon and Jeeraleh; for the cry of your harvest and of your grain comes quickly.
He cast them into the furnace of fire; and there they wept and shook.
Woe to him who is now satisfied! For he who is now hungry! Woe to him who is now stretched out! For he who is now weeping and weeping!
So the surface of the ground was covered with a covering of dust, and the appearance of everything was like the appearance of a carpet.
So my anger is exalted, and my wrath is ceased from them, and I am comforted; and when my wrath is ceased from them, they shall know that I, Yahweh, speak with zeal.
They sacrificed their sons and their daughters for a sacrifice to a demon;
I have returned from the fig tree of God, and have declared to those who have hope that I would preach the Good News of the Gentiles, that I should not turn aside from doing that which I have done, or that which I have done.
For many are disobedient, even those who speak deceitfully, even the circumcision.
This is the high priest which I have spoken, who sits on the right hand of the throne of God in heaven above.
Arise, go to Zerubbabel in Sidon, and dwell there: and behold, I have commanded a steward of the land to feed you.
The angel of Yahweh appeared to him in the midst of the burning of the thorns: and when he saw the thorns, behold, they were not burned with fire.
The word of Yahweh came to Zechariah the prophet, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo, in the twenty-first month, which is the twenty-first day of the month Seba, saying,
Therefore let's not feed one another with wickedness and wickedness, but let's sacrifice unleavened bread of pure and truth for a sacrifice.
Jehoiada was old and full of days. He died, and was one hundred thirty years old when he died.
The fullness of the kingdom, and the dominion, and the dominion of the kingdoms, shall be given to the highest of the peoples; and his kingdom shall be an everlasting kingdom, and all who have dominion shall serve him.
They gird themselves like a thorn, They drink like water, But they will burn like rotten grass.
He said to the man, Stretch out your hand. When he had stretched out his hand, he went out immediately as if he had stretched out another hand.
There were chambers toward the south in the wall of the court, and on the side of the gate, and on the side of the house, and on the side of the house.
He lived in the hill country of Ephraim, in Ramah, and in Bethel, under the oak of Debir: and all Israel went to him, and judged him.
Out of the tribe of Issachar, Zion with its suburbs, and Dabir with its suburbs,
The captain of the guard called Jeremiah, and said to him, Yahweh your God has spoken, to bring this evil on this place.
When you came forth out of Egypt, I made a covenant with you. Don't be afraid, because my Spirit is among you.
He who doesn't give a freewill offering, but gives a freewill offering, is like a wind, and there is no rain.
Their camels were forty-three hundred five; and their donkeys one thousand one hundred twenty.
The first living creature was like a lion, and the second like a young bull, and the third like a man, and so the third lived as an eagle.
They sacrificed on the mountain, and burned incense on the tops of the mountains, and under the oaks, and under the mighty oaks, and under the strong oaks; for their darkness was good: therefore your daughters have committed adultery, and your brides have committed adultery.
Jesus stood before the governor. The governor said to him, Are you the King of the Jews? He said to them, You say.
Woe to you, and weep, and shed tears, and turn your hands into mourning, and joy into groaning.
Then all those who sat in the midst of the assembly looked at him, and behold, his face was like the face of a god.
As for the prophets, my heart is grieved within me, and all my bones are broken. For Yahweh's sake, and for his holy word, I am as one who sins, as he who is made weak.
When the officers have preached to the people, then they shall set up the captains of the army to lead the people.
Sing to God, all the earth!
The cry of Heshbon and Jerealeh came to Jahaz. Therefore Moab cried out with the cry of the armor, and their heart trembled.
There passes a man from there, and behold, he is dead; and I have not found anything in my mouth.
If I say that I will forget my murmurings, That my laughter will be glad;
They brought up the ark of Yahweh, and the tent of meeting, and all the holy vessels of the Tent: and the priests and the Levites brought it up.
You shall count all the men of all the congregation of Israel by their fathers' houses, who shall go out to war from twenty years old and upward, all who are able to go out to war in Israel.
You want men to do to you, and so you do to men.
If evil comes on us, or a sword, or an armed man, or a pestilence, or a famine, or a calamity, then we will stand before this house, and cry to you before you; for your name is in this house, and you will hear our cry to deliver us.
then hear from heaven, and from your dwelling place, their prayer, and do according to all that the Gentiles ask of you: and let all the peoples of the earth know your name, and the fear of you, and of your people Israel; and let them know that I have made this house holy by your name.
There is none who is able to beat him. Who then can stand before me?
The apostles departed from the wisdom, from the joy of the heart; for they were found worthy to be reproved for the name of the Lord.
Moses said to Yahweh,
None of it. In all these things we have trusted in our God, and have received a perfect law.
Samson was thirsty, and cried to Yahweh; and he said, Though you have done great salvation in the hand of your servant, don't I now seek to die, and fall into the hand of those who are uncircumcised?
Ahijah was over the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and over the treasures of the holy things, among the Levites.
The woman conceived, and bore a son, and when she saw that she was a clean child, she put him in the womb three months.
But the Lord God didn't dwell in the house where he lived, as the prophet said,
Aaron ran to the assembly according to the word of Moses: and behold, the plague was in the people; and he gave them incense, and made atonement for the people.
Bezik in the plains of the wilderness for Reuben, and Rabbuath in Gilead for Gad, and Coran in Bashan for Manasseh.
For a strong city is become a desolation, And a desolate house is like the wilderness. The bulls will eat grass there, And there they will lie down, And the branches of the trees will be eaten.
All the people, even the officers who were with him, came near before the city, and encamped in the north of Ai: and there was a valley between it and Ai.
You shall come to the land which Yahweh your God gives you for an inheritance, and shall dwell therein;
They didn't burn the ephah, but every man according to his division received the spear, and the sword, and didn't flee.
There came a prophet to Ahab king of Israel, and said, Thus says Yahweh, Have you seen a great multitude? behold, today I will deliver them into your hand, and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Yahweh said, Take away my inheritance, Babylon; for you rejoice and are glad; for you gird up and gird up like a calf that treads on grain, and roar like a mighty horse.
Don't deceive yourself, for God is a reprobate. He shall receive according to the fruit of his labor.
You shall not take the recompense of the man who fled to the city of refuge, and give him to die before the priest, and to dwell in the land.
Kill them, Lord, and crush their speech; For I have seen violence and divisions in my city.
For he will cause you to sin, and not sin, according to your word.
But the righteous shall rejoice, and they shall rejoice before God; and they shall rejoice continually.
He said to them, See what you hear. Whatever you measure, God will measure to you, and it will be multiplied to you.
I will take the silver of Samaria, and the great silver of the house of Ahab, and will put them on the walls of Jerusalem, so that seven pots shall be set up in Jerusalem; and seven pots shall be broken.
Elisha said to him, What shall I do to you? You tell me. What shall be in your house? He said to him, There is not a drop of oil left in your handmaid's house.
As you lived in these dreams, so did you walk in them.
There is the heavens, and there is the earth; but the light of the ear is not like the light of the earth.
Nevertheless my eyes are still on them, and I will not destroy them, neither will I destroy them in the wilderness.
The border went down to the river Canaan eastward, and the cities of Manasseh were in the midst of the cities of Manasseh: and the border of Manasseh was on the north side of the river, and went up to the sea.
For they have set a snare in a pit without a cover, A pit that will destroy my life.
Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you entered into a man's court for a man's sake, and he went from one end of the earth to another. But when he was in, you made him a more evil man than you.
It happened in the second year of Darius, in the ninth month, that the word of Yahweh came to Zechariah the prophet, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo, saying,
They speak proudly, But everyone who works iniquity is a liar.
I cut off the Amorites from before them, and they were great as cedars, and mighty as oaks; but I destroyed their fruit on the top of it, and broke down their roots on the bottom of it.
Thus did the captivity: and Ezra the priest, and certain of the heads of fathers' houses, were appointed by their fathers' houses according to their families; and they did this thing together in the tenth month, on the first day of the month.
That they may hear the song of thanksgiving, And speak of all your marvelous works.
Serve Yahweh with a joyful heart. Sing praises before him.
Therefore love the stranger; for you were also strangers in the land of Egypt.
They said, We will not drink wine; for Jonadab the son of Rechab, our prophet, commanded us, saying, You shall not drink wine, you, nor your seed forever:
But Jesus didn't give the priesthood to another, for he lived.
They divided my garments by lot. They divided my garments by lot.
You have been released from sin, and have become bondservants of righteousness.
I testify that he has labored diligently for you, and for the Greeks, and for the Greeks.
Don't give to the animal gentleness. Don't forget the life of the poor forever.
As for man, his days are like grass. His fruit is like the flower of the field.
He made the lampstand of pure gold, and the base of the lampstand, and the pillars of it, and the cups of it, and the branches of it, and the flowers of it, of beaten work.
A man shouts for a multitude of oppressors, And he cries for the oppressors of violence.
Yahweh answered the angel who spoke with me with good words and with comfort.
Behold, I will show them this, says Yahweh; and I will show them my arm and my might; and they shall know that my name is Yahweh.
But Job said to her, Why do you speak like these foolish women? Didn't we receive good from Yahweh, and not evil from him? He didn't sin from his mouth in all this.
The sword is delivered into the hand, and into the hand. It is in its place, and into the hand of the slain.
Samuel answered, I sacrifice to Yahweh for peace. Cleanse yourselves, and sacrifice with me. Samuel cleansed Jesse and his sons, and called them to sacrifice with me.
Give to man, and you shall receive; and you shall give to you a measure of the fruit of your covenant: lift him up, and shake him, that he may be full, and fall into your garments; for whatever measure you give to man, they shall return to you.
I know, Yahweh, that man's way is not his own; and he who walks in it can't put his own foot wrong.
and thirty-five thousand four hundred.
Now the life of my father is with the life of this child. I have returned to my father my servant, if the child isn't with us,
In the day of rain there is no water, Neither is there a woman who has a blemish.
He made a belt of fine twined linen, and blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
He put it on the throne, and put the power and the understanding in the throne.
So the waters were mixed with frankincense and frankincense. They were all in the golden oven.
They went out, and came into the city, and found all that Jesus had said. They prepared the Passover there.
They will tell you, At the end of the day certain men will be revealed who do ungodly deeds, and will slander other men's faith.
The old man lifted up his eyes, and saw men walking in the streets of the city; and he said to him, Where have you come from? Where have you gone?
Don't please the wicked, Yahweh. Don't let their counsel fail, that they may be proud. Selah.
The day of Israel's death came, and he called Joseph his son, and said to him, If I have found favor in your sight, lay your hand on me, and swear to me with loving kindness and truth; don't bury me in Egypt.
Adonijah was afraid because of Solomon, and arose, and broke the horns of the altar.
Jesus answered them, I will give him bread. The man was he. He gave him a loaf of bread, and gave it to Judas the son of Simon of Caledon.
The brother whom we love, and the faithful minister, Titus, will tell you my ways and my ways.
They inherited it, and inherited it from Jonah. They said to him, Tell us now, for who is the cause of this evil? What is your inheritance? Where are you from? Where is your place? What is your family?
that he might reconcile us to his sins, that we might be reconciled to him, and to the righteousness of God.
Now I tell you what I will do to my vineyard. I will break down the vine, and destroy it. I will break down the wall, and destroy it.
Behold, the words which you shall speak shall be very long; and when they shall long, they shall know that there was a prophet among them.
His bones are full of the strength of his youth; But he shall fall with him on the ground.
All the sons of Eleazar, and all the sons of Ithamar, were according to their families by their fathers' houses: they didn't divide the land among them: a land was prince in the sanctuary, and a land was prince in the sight of God.
Saul said to Jonathan, What have you said to me that you are dead? Jonathan said, Most assuredly I have sprinkled a little honey from my hand on my eyes. Will I therefore die?
This is love, which you heard from the beginning, according to the commandment of God, that we should live.
When I brought forth your fathers out of Egypt, you came to the sea, and the Egyptians carried their chariots and their horsemen, and pursued your fathers to the Red Sea.
He made poles of acacia wood, and overlaid them with brass.
Those who were numbered with the Gentiles were ten thousand, and those who were numbered with them, and those who were numbered with them, and those who were numbered with them, and those who were numbered with them, and those who were numbered with them, and those who were numbered with them, and those who were numbered with them, and those who were numbered with them, and those who were numbered with them, and those who were numbered with them, and those who were numbered with
But he was full of grace and power, and great wonders and signs among the people.
It happened at that time, that they brought sackcloth with them, to bring the sackcloth before him.
The princes of Moab rose up, and went to Balak, and said, Balaam will not come with us.
Then Jesus went with his disciples to a place called Gad Samson. He said to his disciples, Sit here, until I come and pray there.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: Thus shall you tell the king of Judah, when he has sent you to me to inquire of me, saying, Behold, the army that came out to help you, the army of Pharaoh, shall return into the land of Egypt.
I write to you, Titus, who is my true son in our faith. Grace to you and peace from God our Father, and Christ Jesus our Savior.
But I will bring back the captivity of the children of Ammon, says Yahweh.
You have made your base in the garden of Eden, in the garden of God, of every precious stone, of ruby, and of gold, and of purple, and of scarlet, and of purple, and of scarlet, and of ruby, and of hyssop, which you sacrificed to you in the day that you were made.
Moses went up into the cloud, and Moses stayed on the mountain forty days and forty nights.
If you love one another, then all will know that you are my disciples.
There shall be no night nor day, neither shall there be the light of the lamp, nor the light of the sun; for the Lord God will shine on them, and they shall reign forever.
and the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mixed with the fourth part of a hin of oil, for a meal offering.
There is Assyria, and all his people; and their graves are round about him: they are all slain by the sword.
As for all the wicked neighbors, whom I have given to the house of Israel to possess it, thus says Yahweh: Behold, I will drive them out of their land, and I will drive the house of Judah out of the midst of them.
The princes, being angry with Jeremiah, struck him, and put him in the prison of Jonathan the scribe, because they had made him a prisoner.
He will judge the world in righteousness. He will judge all men in justice.
and the food, and the perfume, and the oil, and the honey, which I have given you, which I have given you, you shall set before them for a sweet savor, says the Lord Yahweh; and you shall surely do it.
The Lord said, We will not enter into the cities of the Gentiles, which are not of the children of Israel; but it is better for us to pass over to Gibeah.
From thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who enters into the service in the Tent of Meeting shall number himself.
The angel cast the pomegranates into the earth, and the vines into the earth, and the grapes into the winepress of God's wrath.
Yahweh your God will also gather you from there, and bring you again from there, you who are thrown down, and you who are in heaven.
I have spoken concerning a nation or a nation, to establish and to establish;
If he accepts you, the peace which you have blessed will be theirs. If not, take the peace which you have blessed.
He said, Beware, don't be deceived, for many will come in my name, saying, I am the Christ,' and, The hour is near. Don't follow them.
It happened after this, that Moab and the children of Ammon came together, and the Midianites to fight against Jehoshaphat.
Yahweh said to him, Take me three young bulls, three male goats, three male rams, three male lambs a year old, one male donkey, and one female donkey.
They said one to another, Didn't we bring bread, as he said?
He who commits iniquity is a deceiver; for the devil has iniquity from the beginning; but the work of the Son of God is to destroy the work of the devil.
You shall strike every strong city, and every beautiful city, and shall cut down every good tree, and shall bind all the springs of water, and shall stone all the good fields.
You have thrown forth a great famine. You have thrown down those who rise up against you. You have thrown forth a great wrath. You have burned them like grass.
They came very far from the way which I commanded them; and they brought down for themselves a bull, and worshiped it, and sacrificed to it, saying, This is the god that brought you up out of the land of Egypt.
God is our refuge and strength, And help in times of trouble.
Besides Jesus, they were not saved, for there was no name given among men in heaven, that we might be saved by that name.
Your eyes are the light of your body. If your eyes are gold, all your body is light; If your eyes are purple, all your body is darkness.
The fugitives' strength was tested, and they stood in the shadow of Heshbon: but the fire went forth out of Heshbon, and the fire out of Sihon, and consumed all the border of Moab, and all the head of the laborers.
I, Daniel, have seen this vision, and have sought to understand it: and there will be before me a man who will appear like a man.
My brothers, if it please you, don't swear by heaven, or by earth, or by any thing: if it is said, Yes, and not, so that you won't be judged.
I brought them into the midst of the peoples, and gathered them together to a place where there was not a man left: and they shall know that I am Yahweh their God.
Don't be far from me, Yahweh. Reach to me, Yahweh, my strength.
It happened in the morning, that Pharaoh's heart was troubled, and he sent, and took all the idols and the enchantments of Egypt: and Pharaoh told them what he dreamed, and there was no one who could tell Pharaoh's dream.
Simon Peter answered him, Lord, who are we to follow? For you have spoken a word of eternal life.
See if I have done any evil thing. Lead me in a way that leads to eternal life.
Hear, it is the voice of my beloved. Behold, he comes. He dances on the mountains, He dances on the bars.
It happened in the tenth year, in the seventh month, on the seventh day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
A voice shall be heard on the earth, for Yahweh will be with the nations, and he will deal with all those who are gathered; and if it be the wicked, he will deliver them to the sword, says Yahweh.
He had seven sons and three daughters.
But if there are those who do the little things, I will rejoice.
(Now Hannah cried in her heart, but her lips were stiff, and she didn't hear: therefore Eli became drunk.)
You shall not stand among those who flee among them; neither shall you deliver the remnant of them against their adversaries in the day of their calamity.
The children of his servants shall inherit the land, And those who love him shall dwell in it.
The rest of the families of the sons of Kohath, their cities, were ten cities with their suburbs.
Can a man profit from God? Yes, a wise man profits himself.
It happened, when Rachel had conceived Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, Send me away, that I may return to my place and to my land.
and the gold and the silver which the king and his servants pleased to offer, to give to the God of Israel, who dwells at Jerusalem;
You shall teach them to keep all my commandments which I command you; and you shall remember that I am with you until the end of the world.
He told him all that was in his heart, and said to him, The king hasn't slain my head with the sword; for I am a prostitute to Yahweh from my mother's womb; and if he lifts me up, my strength shall depart from me, and I shall be a reproach to others.
So shall he who is holy be clothed with white, and I will not blot out his name from the book of life; but I will utterly deny his name before my Father and his angels.
All your brothers greet you. Greet each other with a holy offering.
Israel said, Why do you tell the man that you are a brother, seeing you do so to me?
You will break them with a rod of iron, Like a rod that is driven by a whirlwind.
If I go up into heaven, there you are. If I lie down in Sheol, there you are also.
It happened, when Ramah heard a voice, that she wept and was grieved greatly, that Rachel wept for her sons and for her daughters; and she would not be comforted, for they were all gone.
When his brothers saw that his father loved him more, they hated him, and spoke pleasant things with him.
Ahimelech said to the king, Who is among your servants, who is worthy of David? He is the son of the king, and he is your counselor, and honorable in your house.
Is the man whose field is to be tilled continually? Or is he who sifts his ground continually?
David took Ahinoam the Jezreelite, and they were all his wives.
Moses brought the people out of the camp to meet God, and they stood on the mountain.
You shall kill him on the north side of the altar before Yahweh: and Aaron's sons the priests shall sprinkle his blood on the altar round about.
His daughter's name was Seerah, who built Beth Horon, and Beth Horon, and Uzselah.
Paul, who was crucified for Christ Jesus, and wrote a letter to Philip, our beloved brother,
You have sown iniquity. You have redeemed iniquity. You have eaten a lying fruit. For you have trusted in your own ways. You have trusted in many mighty men.
Moses and Aaron fell before all the congregation of Israel.
Why do the nations prophesy? Why do the peoples devise vain things?
For you know that when he sought to be blessed, he was rejected by his father, because he didn't seek wisdom to change his father's heart, so that, though he cried out with tears, he couldn't be blessed.
Be dismayed, ship of Tarshish, for Tyre is laid waste, and there is neither house, nor man to enter in. This news shall be known to them from the land of Kittim.
But the Jews said, He said, You can't go to the place where I am going.' Shall he go to trial?
and with you, the young men and the virgins; and with you, the shepherds and their flocks; and with you, the farmers and their great herds; and with you, the governors and their officers;
I will bring you into the wilderness of the Gentiles, and there I will examine you.
The high priest said, Are these these things?
For the Lord heard the voice of the chariot and the voice of the horse, the voice of a great army, among the army of Syria. They said, Behold, this is the king of Israel, who bought the kings of the Hittites, and the kings of Egypt, to fight against us.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were fifty-two thousand three hundred.
It happened, as soon as he went up into the great land, that all the foundations of the prison trembled, and all the prison gates were opened, and the knees of the wicked trembled.
The seven priests who bore the seven horns of the ram went before the ark of Yahweh uprightly, and blew the trumpet: and the armored men went before them; and after the ark of the covenant of Yahweh the priests blew the trumpet again.
Most assuredly I tell you, when the heavens and the earth are shaken, and the law is reformed, the law is not shaken one at a time.
The king of Egypt said to them, Moses and Aaron, why do you let the people bear their burdens? go, do the work which you ought to do.
having received the Holy Spirit, knowing that before he had seen Christ, the promise of the Lord,
Don't let your fathers provoke your children to anger, That they don't perish in tears.
He made the hin of a sweet savor, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Behold, they go away from evil; the Egyptians will gather them, and the Moabites bury them: and they shall bring forth their wares for money, and their baskets shall bring forth their wares.
I am a Jew who was born in Damascus, in the city of Jerusalem, a disciple of Gamaliel, and a ruler of the kingdom that is here this day, to teach our fathers the law with all his heart and with all his soul.
When he had commanded the twelve, he departed from there, and went into the city, teaching and preaching the Good News.
Now there was a certain servant of the centurion whom he had appointed, who was sick and was about to die.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Take your rod, and stretch out your hand on the waters of Egypt, on their rivers, on their streams, and on all their springs, that they may be turned into blood: and there shall be blood in all the land of Egypt, in all the vessels of wood, and in all the vessels of stone.
David said to the servants who were with him in Jerusalem, Arise, let us flee; and if we don't flee, we can't escape Absalom: let us hurry, and come; lest he come near to pursue us, and destroy us, and kill the men of the city with the edge of the sword.
Know therefore that the word of God concerning salvation has been preached to the Gentiles, and they will hear and receive it.
Woe to you, nations, when your king is a child, And your princes rejoice in the morning.
He took him by the hand, and gave him thanks. This man was a Samaritan.
Your lips are like thorns. Your mouth is beautiful. Your lips are like open pomegranates in the womb.
Is it according to your commandment, that an eagle is crowned on high?
You fathers, don't provoke your children to anger, but strengthen them in the Lord's commandments and in his precepts.
It happened after this, that Jeroboam didn't depart from his evil way; but he set up a high priest out of all the people; and whoever desired to have him, he set him up as a high priest.
Then will I establish your throne, as I have made a covenant with David your father, saying, Your seed shall rule over Israel forever.
You shall not eat the bread of a robber, nor buy his good wine.
Every creeping thing that creeps on you, and that walks on your feet, is an abomination to you.
Isaiah said, Take a piece of fig bread. They took it, and laid it on the cot, and the king was well.
Jesus answered them, The seasons and the days are the commandments of the Father, which you don't know.
until Yahweh gives peace to your brothers, and to all who have given you it; and they shall receive the land which Yahweh your God gives to them beyond the Jordan; and you shall return every man to the land which I give to you for an inheritance.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
If a man doesn't keep one portion of the law, then he doesn't keep all the law.
For those who are circumcised and those who are uncircumcised are not circumcised; but those who are circumcised obey the commandments of God.
They answered before the king, Daniel, the captive of the children of Judah, he has not taken away your supplication nor your supplication, but he prays three times a day.
To him who created the light, For his loving kindness endures forever.
This is the history of Noah's generations. Noah was righteous, and perfect in his generation. Noah went with God.
and he spoke to him concerning these things, saying, The Hebrew servant, whom you brought to us from abroad, will come to me to make mention of me;
It happened in those days, when Mordecai was sitting at the king's gate, that there were in the king's guard two men who kept the gate: Benthon and Teresh, who were angry, and plotted against king Ahasuerus.
Pharaoh said, Behold, the people of the land are very many, and you will call them to nothing.
He drove out the nations before them, And measured the land of the Gentiles with a cord, And gave it for an inheritance, And made the tribes of Israel to dwell in tents of the Gentiles.
Grace be with you, Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
Yahweh said to Moses, When you go up into Egypt, do that which is right in your hand, and show it before Pharaoh: but I will harden his heart, and he shall not let this people go.
The young ladies of Zion are purer than milk, and whiter than milk, and their flesh is finer than a jewel, as the light of a sapphire stone.
As for Jehoiakim king of Judah, say you, Thus says Yahweh, You have burned it, saying, Why have you written in it, saying, The king of Babylon shall surely destroy the land, and cause the inhabitants of it, and the livestock, to die?
Yahweh said to Joshua, Arise, why do you fall thus on the earth!
Then his disciples came and asked him, Who is the greatest in the Kingdom of Heaven?
For your arrows pierced my flesh. Your hand held me tightly.
He went with him, and great multitudes followed him.
He overlaid the house with gold, and the cords, and the poles, and the walls, and the doors, with cherubim.
For thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will bring out the inhabitants of this land at this time, and will make them sick, and will make them fat.
that your days may be multiplied, and the days of your seed, in the land which Yahweh swore to your fathers to give them; as the day that the heavens covered the earth.
Rehoboam went to Shechem; for all Israel came to Shechem to make him king.
Go, inquire of Yahweh for me, and for the people, and for all Judah, the words of this book; for Yahweh has provoked us to wrath, because our fathers didn't listen to the words of this book, nor did all that was written concerning us.
David went into the house of God in the days of Abiathar the high priest, and ate the bread of the altar, and gave it to those who were present; but the priest could not eat the bread of the sacrifice according to the law.
and their meal offering of fine flour mixed with oil, three tenth parts for each bull, and three tenth parts for each ram, and five tenth parts for each ram.
All the people praised Temurod, and the truth testified about him. We testified about him, and you know that our testimony is true.
Hear this word, if you understand it. Turn your ear to the voice of my words.
Let my tongue sing to your promise, For all your commandments are righteous.
The angel said, Don't lay your hand on this child, nor do anything to him; for now I know that you fear God, and that you didn't give your son, even to me who bore you.
He also argued with the Hebrews, who prophesied with him, and they conspired against him to kill him.
I will clothe your yoke with it, and I will gird up your waist, and I will give your dominion into his hand; and he shall be a father to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and to the house of Judah.
They sailed to the other side of Capernaum, but Jesus didn't come to them until the evening.
The father said to them, Where is he going from here? for his son saw the way of the servants of the God of Judah, which they had gone.
He said, Listen to me, for I am with you. Blessed are those who keep the words of this prophecy.
Moses turned and went down into the mountain; and he took in his hand two arks of a covenant: and the two arks were written, and the writing was on the one ark and on the other.
Yahweh is great, and worthy to be praised. His word is without blemish.
My dwelling place is taken away from me, as the tents of sheep; and I have taken my life, and made it equal with him; and he will break me from the beginning even to the end; and Yahweh has determined to redeem my life from morning to evening.
Jesus answered them, Be you in the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your soul.
Azariah the priest brought in after him eighty men of the mighty men of God.
Saul said, Take a bridle between me and Jonathan my son. He took a bridle.
Put away my reproach, which you have brought forth. For the snares of your hands I will be consumed.
Then the captain of the army found a ship that was coming from Aristarchus, that he might open to Jedaliah; and he called us to be captain of the ship.
The children of Israel slept in tents, and the nations after their armies, and the nations after their cities, and the nations after their great days.
Therefore the children of Israel ate no great bread to this day; for the man ate the great bread of Jacob.
Hezekiah commanded in the house of Yahweh that they should prepare grain. So they prepared.
What do you think about him? Whose seed is he? They answered him, The seed of David.
For I am in Christ Jesus. Therefore I am glorified in God.
and fifty-three thousand four hundred.
So if you don't forgive your brothers with all your heart, neither will my Father deal with you like this.
The waters ceased from the earth one hundred fifty days; and the waters ceased.
Then justice will dwell in the wilderness, And righteousness in the fruitful field.
As Jesus Christ our Lord has shown me, I myself know that the days of my departure are near.
The king answered, I know that you are liars, for you know that I have forgotten the dream.
that he should suffer, and rise from the dead, that the light of salvation may be preached to the Jews and to the Gentiles.
Now therefore, brothers, do good, and don't wait.
The Egyptians pursued after them; and all the horses of Pharaoh, and the chariots of it, and the horsemen of it, and all the army of it, pursued after them by the sea by the way of Pharaoh Philioth, over against Baal Zephon, in the place where the children of Israel encamped.
This was done in the second year of king Darius, in the sixteenth month, on the first day of the month, on the first day of the month, on the first day of the month, on the first day of the month, on the first day of the month, on the first day of the month, on the first day of the month, on the first day of the month, on the first day of the month, on the first day of the month, on the first day of the month, on the first day of the
They shall bring to this city the glory of the nations, and their honor.
For you know that anyone who commits sexual immorality, or commits adultery, or commits adultery (this is an idol), can't become a people of Christ, nor of the Kingdom of God.
They can't get from you the testimonies which they testify against me.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: I will bring many against them, and will cause them to be cast down and to be cast out, and to be cut off.
Balak took Balaam, and brought him up to the hill country of Sophia, and went up to the top of Pisgah, and built seven altars, and offered each one of them a bull and a ram.
So you also received the teaching of Nicodemus.
Moses commanded the children of Israel according to the word of Yahweh, saying, Let the tribe of the children of Joseph speak.
He took his father's or his mother's things, and said, This is not sin; but this man is a mighty man.
Therefore we say, Now let's build ourselves an altar, not for burnt offering, nor for any other sacrifice;
Save from Yahweh. Blessed be your people. Selah.
saying, If you are King of the Jews, save yourself.
Brothers, I have come to you without pretense, neither with wisdom, nor with beauty, to proclaim the word of God to you.
Then he hurried, and poured out the water of the chamber into the well; and he ran into the well, and poured out the water of all his camels.
Moses commanded them the way by which they went, according to the commandment of Yahweh: so they went their way.
When you walk, you shall not stumble. When you run, you shall not stumble.
I will stretch out my hand, and strike him with all the wonders that I will do in Egypt; and he shall go with you.
The captain of the guard took Shelaiah the high priest, and Zephaniah the second priest, and the three doorkeepers;
Another angel came out of the temple, and cried out from the top of the cloud, saying, Gather your reeds; for the harvest has come, and the fruit of the earth is come.
He cried with a loud voice at the entrance of the gate, and at the entrance of the gate, and at the entrance of the gate,
It will happen at that time, that the mighty people will be afraid, even the bright people who are from the east, who divide the land to tread on, and their land will be divided, and they will offer an offering to Yahweh of Armies, even to Mount Zion, where Yahweh has set his name.
They shall go out to see the dead bodies of those who rebel against me; for their plague shall not die, neither shall their fire extinguish; and all those who have them shall abhor them.
Rejoice in Yahweh, you righteous, And praise his holy name.
Beware of him, and listen to his voice, and don't disobey him; he will not forgive your disobedience, because he has come in my name.
When you say, It is,' it is,' and when you say, It is,' it is,' and when you say, It is,' and when you say, It is,' the rest of the house says, It is from the devil.
For thus says Yahweh, David shall have a man forever to sit on the throne of Israel.
But he who separates the hands of evil-doers, his fruit shall not be eaten: for you shall surely die in the day of eating.
But I will sing praises to your strength, and I will sing praises to your loving kindness in the morning; for you have been my stronghold in the day of trouble, my refuge.
You have multiplied your counsel, so that you are weary. Now rise up, and save you from the things that come on you, even all the angels, and those who see the stars, and who prophesy in the new moon.
Micaiah said, I have seen all Israel scattered on the mountains, as a flock without a shepherd. Thus says Yahweh, Every man who has no lord shall return to his own house in peace.
You shall take the veil, and put it in the outermost part of the veil, and bring the ark of the testimony into the veil; and the veil shall separate you from the sanctuary and from the most holy place.
When the eye is freed from the evil, and the lips are brought to the evil, he does it.
He gathered the congregation together to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and struck them: and the glory of Yahweh appeared to the congregation.
The land by the sea shall become pasture, with pasture of shepherds, and pasture of flocks.
Joshua the son of Nun was full of the spirit of wisdom; for Moses had laid his hands on him; and the children of Israel obeyed him, and did as Yahweh commanded Moses.
I have heard two things concerning God, the power of God, speaking one word,
Therefore turn to your God, and keep love, and justice, and wait patiently for your God.
Their rock is not like our rock, Neither is there any difference between us and our enemies.
Judah said to Israel his father, Send the child with me, and we will go out, that we may live with you, and with our little ones, and not die.
They came from Egypt, and from all places, and brought horses to Solomon.
David didn't go up into heaven, but he said, God said to my lord, You are my friend.
I write to Timothy, my beloved son. Grace to you and peace from God our Father and Christ Jesus our Lord.
As for me, I tell you as your own sons that you should be more like us, and that your heart should be more like us.
Haven't they taught you, And spoken to you the words of his heart?
I heard a word spoken to me out of the house. A man stood by me.
A greater sin can't destroy it, Neither can a great sin hide it: if anyone desires to possess it in all, he will surely be despised.
one young bull, one ram, one male lamb a year old, for a burnt offering;
Judge me, Yahweh my God, according to your righteousness. Don't let them boast against me.
There were overlaid armies in their hand, thirty-seven thousand five hundred, all of them of great might and might, to help the king against his adversaries.
But when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came to this land, we said, Come, and let us go up to Jerusalem, and escape from the army of the Chaldeans, and from the army of Syria; therefore we shall dwell in Jerusalem.
I know your affliction and your poverty, but you are rich; and I know that the ten thousand of the Jews have blasphemed you; but they are not Jews, but the apostles of Satan.
Cursed be he who doesn't believe the words of the law to do them. All the people shall say, Amen.
When the children of Ammon knew that they were abhorred by David, they sent, and took the Syrians of Beth Rehob, and the Syrians of Zobah, two thousand men, and one thousand kings of Maacah; and the men of Tob were two thousand men.
Son of man, because Tyre said to Jerusalem, Aha! The gate of the nations is broken, and it is turned to me; it is laid waste, and I am prospering.'
and his offering, one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
Praise Yahweh, Jerusalem. Praise your God, Zion.
Surely in those days there is a woman who is pregnant with a new born, and who feeds a child.
As the sparrow flees away, As the young donkey flees away, As the uncircumcised curse doesn't endure.
He who speaks wisely declares righteousness, But he who disobeys witnesses blaspheme.
My skin is dried up. My bones are burned because of the heat.
For whoever finds me will find life, And will find favor in Yahweh.
The king's treasures were Atsumabeth the son of Adiel; and over the field, and over the city, and over the fortress, and over the treasures of the city was Jonathan the son of Uzziah.
The people went to Gilgal, and made Saul king in Gilgal before Yahweh; and they offered sacrifices of peace offerings there before Yahweh: and Saul and all Israel rejoiced exceedingly.
Haven't you poured me out like milk, And made me spread out like a bottle?
For Yahweh hardened their hearts against Israel, and fought against them, and utterly destroyed them, and gave them no mercy, and utterly destroyed them, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
You say, No, but we will run on horses.' Therefore you run, and say, We will run on a very large animal.' Therefore those who pursue you will be very large.
Yahweh, your hand is high, and they will not see. They will see your shame and your wrath toward the people, And your fire will devour your enemies.
and unleavened cakes, and unleavened cakes of oil, and unleavened cakes of oil: you shall make them of fine flour.
Now these are the adversaries of the truth, as were the Tyre and the Midianites. Their hearts are broken, and their faith is not renewed.
For the ships of Kittim shall come against him, so that his heart shall be troubled, and he shall return; and he shall rebuke the holy covenant, and shall do as he shall desire; and he shall return, and shall counsel those who forsake the holy covenant.
You shall die in peace. You shall eat long days. You shall be buried.
They offered the spoil of the battle, that they might restore the house of Yahweh.
The prisoner called for a lamp, and went in, and trembled, and fell at the feet of Paul and Silas.
The fifth angel blew, and I saw a star falling out of the sky, a time when the star had found no deeper than the pit.
It happened in the morning, that David rose up early with his men, and went out into the land of the Philistines: and the Philistines went to Jezreel.
There appeared also in heaven a great moon, and a woman with a moon on her body, and a moon on her foot, and a crown of stars on her head twelve times.
that you may eat and drink with me in my kingdom, and sit on my throne, and judge the twelve tribes of Israel.
He who has a discharge shall wash his vessels, and his wood vessels shall be washed with water.
Speak to the people, saying, Behold, your brothers, the children of Esau, who dwell in Seir, pass over their border; for they shall fear you; therefore be watchful.
I know my transgressions. My sins are continually before me.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Behold, I will bring again the armor that you have, even you, outside of the city, with the king of Babylon, and the armor that covers the battle of the Chaldeans who surround you; and I will cause all these to be gathered together in this city.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh. Bring my cry before you.
As with your whirlwind, chase them, And make them afraid with your mighty wind.
When Jesus had finished speaking these words, he said to them, Lazarus, our friend, is sleeping, and I will come and call him.
They shall say, Because they have forsaken the covenant of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, which he made with them when he brought them forth out of the land of Egypt;
Now therefore don't count him guilty; for you are a man of understanding, and know what you shall do to him. Let his gray hairs fall to Sheol.
The children of Gad lived in front of Reuben, in the land of Bashan, even to Sarath.
Jonathan didn't hear that their father swore to the people: therefore he stretched out his hand on the rod, and put it into the basket; and his hand drew near to his mouth, and his eyes were on gold.
But who am I, that I should not obey the will of God, seeing he has given them the same gift of faith?
Now God has raised you up with Christ, because of the iniquity that was before, and because of the uncircumcision of the flesh. God has forgiven all our sins.
You shall fall by the sword; and I will judge you in the border of Israel; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Love is gentleness and loving kindness; Love is not jealousy, nor haughtiness, nor pride;
You shall teach them statutes and ordinances, according to the way in which they shall walk, and according to the work which they shall do;
It happened, when the song was finished, that David sent and brought her into the house; and she became his wife, and bore him a son: but Yahweh was not pleased with the things which David did.
The angel said to David, The enemy is stronger than we, and he has come out against us into the suburbs, and we have struck him to the gate.
The land is rich in grain. Its first fruits are ripe figs, and afterward it is beautiful, and afterward it is redeemed.
The disciples were glad that they had taken him into the boat, and the boat sailed to the place where they were going.
But I tell you, as it is written, Elijah is come, and they have dealt with him according to their own will.
Hushai said, You know that your father is a mighty man, and that he who is with him is mighty; and their heart is troubled, as a snare in the field, and your father is a man of war; he shall not be with the people.
Take away the yoke that your father put on us, and the yoke that your father put on us, and the yoke that is on us, and add a little more, and we will serve you.
Neither have I made with you this covenant, nor this oath,
He said to them, Behold, at evening you will say, Because of the brightness of the sky, tomorrow will be good.'
The children of Israel traveled according to their divisions. This is their greatness.
Don't take away the gift of your soul, which was given you by the mouth of the prophets, and by the hand of the elders.
He shall come into the fat land of the holy land, when he shall have no mourning; and he shall do that which his fathers didn't do, and that which their fathers didn't do; and he shall divide the spoil of it, and the gain of it, and the goods of it; and he shall set up a battle against the abominations, until his time.
Moses said to them, Stand still, and I will hear what Yahweh commands you.
Jeroboam said to his wife, Arise, lie down, that they may not know that you are Jeroboam's wife. He went to Shiloh, and there was Ahijah the prophet, who said to me, I will be king over this people.
To gather the rich man's food from his feet, And the dog from the place where he sucks with his feet.
Then Azariah the high priest, of the house of Zadok, answered, From the people's possessions to the house of Yahweh we ate, and left a great multitude; for Yahweh blessed his people, and left a great multitude.
that those who love me may inherit, and fill their treasures.
If I do so, how will I remember this thing which is written in the Scriptures?
Everyone who has understanding knows it, And he who has knowledge is upright.
Now therefore, if it please the king, let the king examine the kingdom which is in Babylon, and see whether the king, Cyrus, will build the house of God in Jerusalem, or not. Let the king show us this thing.
But if we say that we don't sin, we deceive ourselves, and our heart is not truth.
In the day, the sun shall not scorch you; In the night, the moon shall not devour you.
The mountains were consumed by him, and the mountains melted away; and the earth arose before him, and the world and those who lived therein.
Shall you be struck again and again, because you are always rebellious? Your full head has broken in pieces, And your full heart is broken in pieces.
You shall eat, but shall not be filled; and your vanity shall be in you; and you shall wander, but shall carry nothing; and all that you shall carry, I will give to the sword.
Yahweh has spoken a commandment concerning the Assyrians; he says, Your people shall no more proclaim; and I will cut off the engraved images and the molten images out of your god's house; and I will prepare a cloud for you; for you are a prostitute.
He called the priests and the Levites, and gathered them together in a broad place on the east side,
Thus Yahweh commanded Moses; and he numbered the people in the wilderness of Sinai.
Let the stars of the night fall into darkness. Let them hope for the night, but they can't. Let them not see the morning light.
It will happen at the end of those days, that the mountain of the house of Yahweh will be established on the top of the mountains, above all the mountains; and all nations will be satisfied.
All the wise men among you shall come and do all that Yahweh has commanded you;
Will you open your eyes on such a man as this? Will you lead me in your judgment?
You shall leave it until the fourteenth day of the month, in the evening, when all the children of Israel shall kill the lambs.
Yahweh saw that Leah didn't have Jacob's love, and he put him to death; but Rachel didn't.
If you will not listen to me in anything that you do, then I will add to you seven times as much evil as you do.
We will possess all things, And fill our houses with the spoil.
For you are children of God, and God has sent into your heart the Spirit of his Son, that you may cry out, Father, Father!
You are a wild donkey, a wild donkey in the wilderness, a wild donkey with a strong heart. Who can stop him when he is young? Don't let him who seeks him labor, for in that month he shall find him.
One said to him, Your mother and your brothers stand outside, to see you.
The king who is wise in his work receives the king's favor, But he who is corrupt in his work is in wrath.
Moreover he was a father of circumcision, because they were not circumcised, but had faith in Abraham our father, before he was circumcised, and lived as a prostitute.
His servants rebelled against him, and killed him in the king's house.
My enemies have blasphemed me all day long. Those who hate me curse me.
For your law provokes wrath. For you have lifted me up, And cast me down.
But don't eat the blood, but pour it out on the earth, as water pours out.
Believe that I am in the Father, and the Father in me. If not, believe also in my works.
He who sent me was with me, and he didn't leave me alone; for I did that which pleased him.
Keep that which I command you this day. Behold, I will drive out the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Perizzite, and the Hivite, and the Jebusites from before you.
The love of my parents is greater than my brothers, and they are not my disciples. The love of my children is greater than my brothers, and they are not my disciples.
Please let us set up a chamber on the wall, and lay it there on the bed, and on the table, and on the lampstand, that we may come and stay there.
The sons of the prophets who were in Bethel came out to Elisha, and said to him, Do you know that Yahweh will take your master from you this day? He said, Yes, I know, and you shall raise up your voice.
If you don't give a pledge, It is not good.
David said to Ahimelech the Hittite, and to Abishai the brother of Joab the son of Zeruiah, Who will go down with me to the camp to Saul? Abishai said, I will go down with you.
But I do it for my name's sake, that my name not be profaned before the eyes of the peoples, who have seen that I brought them forth out of Egypt.
Have you turned aside from him? Have you sinned against God?
Brothers, don't let anyone deceive you.
The fruit of the flesh is death, and the fruit of the Spirit is life and peace.
In that day Yahweh magnified Joshua in the sight of all Israel; and the people feared him all his days, as they feared Moses.
In the midst of you shall be those who hate men, and those who shed blood; and on the mountains shall you eat sacrifices, and in the midst of you shall commit adultery.
It happened, when he came near to Jebus, that the sun was going down on the mountain, that the servant said to his lord, Come, and let us go into this city of the Jebusites, and lodge there all night.
It will happen, when he is rich and well nourished, that he will come to a place of restful rest. All the afflicted will lay their hands on him.
He went there, and struck the inhabitants of Debir; and the name of Debir was Kiriath Sepher.
The angel said to me, Write you now, and give to those who are hungry, that it may be well with you. He said to me, This is the truth of God.
So we shall do to them, and let them live, lest our wrath come on us for the oath that we have sworn to them.
Then he went and gave it to a man of the land, and he sent him into the field of the field to cut grass.
They said to them, They drink new wine, and are drunken.
I said to him, Stay with me all the days of your life: don't commit adultery, neither follow another man; and I will do the same to you.
Therefore he must be like his brothers in every way, that he may stand before God as a high priest of goodness and truth, that the sins of the people may be forgiven.
There is no one who can redeem his own brother, Neither can he redeem his life for money.
It happened in the morning, that he called his disciples, and chose twelve men out of them, and called them apostles;
They have laid you in the neck of the wicked for your false visions, and for your lies. Their iniquity is ended, and their days are fulfilled.
Absalom took the two hundred men, and brought them with him out of Jerusalem: and they were all uncircumcised, and didn't know the thing.
But the king of Assyria didn't do it, neither did his heart count it. His heart sought to destroy, and to destroy a great nation.
The possessions of the house are the remnant of the fathers, But the wives of the prostitutes are the gift of Yahweh.
Now, Israel, what has Yahweh your God to do to you? Doesn't he love you to fear Yahweh your God, to walk in all his ways, to love him, to serve Yahweh your God with all your heart and with all your soul?
If he offers a ram for a sin offering, he shall offer a female without blemish.
The man said, I will keep all these commandments, even as I am a child.
It shall happen, when the end of the nations comes, that the iniquity of men shall cease; and there shall rise up a king, full of iniquity, and deceitful words.
They brought the harp, and the clarinet, and the trumpets, to Jerusalem, to the house of Yahweh.
Therefore, brothers, what profit is it to you, if I come to you only to speak a word, and don't speak the word, nor the knowledge, nor the word, nor the doctrine?
Shall your wealth, and all your power, be accounted for so that you shall not be troubled?
All the people of the city gathered themselves together, and pursued after them; and they pursued Joshua; and they were driven from their cities by robbers.
Jacob went to Succoth, and built himself a house there, and pastured his livestock: therefore he named the place Succoth.
and said to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, who sent me before him to offer you what you asked,
They said one to another, Most assuredly, we have sinned against our brother. When he cried to us, we will see the affliction of his heart, and will not listen to his voice. Therefore the affliction will come on us.
It happened in the year of the children of Israel, that their inheritance was added to the inheritance of the tribes which they were about to inherit; so that their inheritance passed away from the tribe of our fathers.
You shall give the cities of the Levites, forty-eight; the cities, and the suburbs, shall you give them.
The word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah, saying,
Neither is it outside of the sea, that you may say, Who brought us over the sea for us, that we might hear and do it?'
He who keeps the days is for the Lord, and he who eats all of them for the Lord, because he gives thanks to God. He who doesn't eat all of them is for the Lord, and he also gives thanks to God.
If a man wants to talk with you, will he abhor you? But who can make himself known, and not speak?
and the dead body of Jezebel shall be as dung on the ground in the field of Jezreel; so that no man shall say that it is Jezebel.'
He who touches him shall put iron and spears in his hand, and shall cause the fire to burn in his place.
My son, keep your wisdom and your counsel. Don't let them go from your sight.
He has made affliction and sorrow, not of his freewill.
I am one of the least of the saints, having this grace, to proclaim to the Gentiles the uncircumcised Good News of Christ.
Praise, Yahweh, the praises of my mouth. Teach me your statutes.
Now therefore I have sent a message, and have commanded the people of the kingdom which I have ruled, to tremble and to tremble before the God of Daniel; for he is a living God, and everlasting, and his kingdom shall never perish; and his dominion shall not be exalted.
He took him, and gave him food; and he stood by him, and said to him, My sister, lie with me.
When she has drunk the water, and has not cleansed her husband, then the curse will enter into her, and she shall be a prostitute, and her abdomen shall be brittle, and her right thigh shall be broken, and the woman shall be a prostitute among her people.
Now there are seven brothers with us. The brother who took a wife died, and had no children, and left her to his brother.
It happened on the next year, that Nebuchadnezzar sent to Babylon, he and the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and set Zedekiah his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem.
Before the heart of Yahweh has worked, and before he has acted, his wrath will not cease, but you will understand it in the day.
Most assuredly I tell you, whoever you command on the earth, even in heaven, will command him; and whoever you command on the earth, even in heaven, will command him.
Let the house of Aaron say, His loving kindness endures forever.
Moses said to the judges of Israel, Kill every man who belongs to you, even he who is joined to Baal Peor.
He gave him strength in heart, and taught him, he and the tribe of Dan, and Aholiab the son of Ahisatbuat.
Therefore he shall sacrifice for himself, as he sacrificed for the sins of the people.
How will my mother accept me? Or will she give me milk to drink?
Before my prayer was finished, I felt for myself the first man whom I saw in the vision, Gabriel, when he was commanded to come up, about the evening meal offering.
You shall love one another as your brothers.
They shall offer no more sacrifices to the throne of their prostitution, which they have performed: it shall be a statute forever throughout their generations.
Who can bring forth a clean man from a man who is not clean? There is none.
But he said, You will not see my face any more, and it will be a great loss to them. They sent him into the ark.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were seventy-four thousand six hundred.
God said to me, Son of man, have you seen what they have done? The house of Israel has done great abominations here, that I have departed far from my sanctuary. But, behold, great abominations are yet before you.
From the days of old, he who didn't know, who was born blind, will see again.
Moses said, Give yourselves to Yahweh, and Yahweh bless you this day, every man against his son, and against his brothers.
The watchman answered, The hour comes, and the night comes; and if you will inquire, then inquire; and if you will inquire again, then inquire.
For he is the God who drives the sun, For his loving kindness endures forever.
In that day, says Yahweh, there will be a cry at the fish gate, and a cry out of the second place, and a cry of help from the mountains.
I will open the rivers in the desert, and springs in the valleys; and I will make the desert a spring, and the dry land a spring.
I will speak of the works of Yahweh. I will remember his signs.
Now therefore know, and count, and see what you will do; for it is appointed against our lord, and against all his house; and there is no one who can speak against him in his holy place.
So Jehu the son of Jehoshaphat the son of Nimshi rebelled against Joram: and Joram and all Israel took Ramoth Gilead, because of Hazael king of Syria;
For all the ways of man are before Yahweh's eyes, And he has taken away all the ways of men.
But they didn't depart from the sins of the house of Jeroboam, which the children of Israel had sinned; but they did so: and Asherim of Samaria was still alive.
Jeremiah returned from Tohudeh, where Yahweh had sent him to preach, and stood in the court of the house of Yahweh, and said to all the people,
The children of Benjamin did so; and they took wives from among the daughters of the dancers according to the number of their men: and they returned to their own land, and built cities, and lived therein.
On the fourth day you shall offer ten bulls, two rams, and ten male lambs a year old without blemish.
He said to them, Stay here this night, and I will bless you, as Yahweh has commanded me. The princes of Moab were staying at Balaam.
You shall not afflict the poor and needy, whether it be your brother, or a stranger, who dwells in your land, or who lives as a foreigner in your gates.
But Jesus turned and saw his disciples, and rebuked Peter, saying, Shut up, Satan, for you don't believe in God, but in men.
But we ourselves will bring our armor before the children of Israel, until we bring them to their place; for the inhabitants of the land are strong; but our little ones will dwell in strong cities.
Judah said to his brothers, What good is it that we have killed our brother, and hidden his blood?
The east border went to the Jordan; this was the inheritance of the children of Benjamin according to their families, and their border round about.
For thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: In this place they shall buy houses, and fields, and vineyards.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service of the work of the tent of meeting,
God sent his only Son into the world, that we might live from him. God has shown us his love among us.
He who strikes a horse and a rider with you; He who strikes a chariot and sits on it;
He who touches the plague shall be burnt, whether it is a garment, or a garment, or a sheepskin, or a cloth, or anything of skin; for it is a mild leprosy, and shall be burnt in the fire.
He saw that the hair of his head was naked, and that there was no linen covering on his head, but he was naked.
When John saw that many Pharisees and Sadducees came to him to be baptized, he said to them, You serpents, who commanded you to flee from the wrath of God, which he is about to wrath?
He said to his disciples, The days are near, and you want to see the Son of Man, but you can't see him that day.
The day that Jesus drew away the dust from his eyes was the Sabbath.
Judge me, Yahweh, for you have seen my wrath.
But if a man lies with his neighbor, he commits a trespass. They shall bear their iniquity, and there shall be no son for a long time.
These two women grieved greatly in the hearts of Isaac and Rebekah.
My lord, Yahweh has imposed on you the iniquity of your slain, and has put your hand above your enemies: therefore have I sworn by the living God, and by your life, saying, Let your enemies, and your counselors, who have slain my lord, be as Nabal.
For you are a God of strength. Why have you forsaken me? Why should I walk in the oppression of my enemies, and be grieved continually?
Now the rest of the acts of Ahab, and all that he did, and the houses which he built, and all the cities which he built, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
They brought him to Jesus. When the prince saw him, immediately he cut off the boy, and threw him to the ground, and brought him down, and brought him down again.
Faith comes forth from the earth. Righteousness comes down from heaven.
He sends worms among them, and kills them; And he sends scorpions, and kills them.
There were four lepers at the gate: and they said one to another, Why are we here waiting for death?
Jesus said, Come! He went down from the boat, and walked on the water, and came to Jesus.
This was given to us, and he gave us the Holy Spirit to sit on our throne.
You shall not give your dominion to a woman; neither shall your works be according to the kings of ruin.
Yahweh, I have sought you in my trouble. My heart trembles in me, and my heart trembles in me; for I am a rebellious man. The sword is a son outside of me, and in the house like a dead body.
I will praise you, Yahweh my God, with all my heart. I will glorify your name forever.
Isaiah the son of Amoz saw the spoil of Babylon.
Let me not lighten him up, that he may be as the day of his birth, and that he may be as the wilderness, and as the dry land, and that he may die by reason of his thirst.
Peter also testified before them, saying, I don't know what you are saying.
Ten thousand shall dwell in Ashdod. I will destroy the pride of the Philistines.
The first angel went, and poured out the cup on the earth; and the arrows of the beast, and those who worshiped him, bore fruit, and grew.
He taught my hands to fight, And opened my arms to the bow of brass.
He shall bring the bull before Yahweh to the door of the Tent of Meeting; and he shall lay his hand on the head of the bull, and kill it before Yahweh.
I will sing for the man whom I love, for the song of the man whom I love, concerning his vineyard: and he who I love shall have vineyards, on a very good hill.
and out of the city he took a captain of the guard, and seven men who stood before the king continually in the city, and the scribes of the captains of the army, and the number of the people, and of the people who were found in the city, sixty men.
and if he desires to offer an offering made by fire to Yahweh from the herd or from the flock, a burnt offering, or a sacrifice of any kind, a vow offering, or a joyful offering, or a sweet savor to Yahweh at the appointed time;
Abraham was circumcised that day with Ishmael his son.
David came and took their father's sheep in Bethlehem, in the place of Saul.
Now therefore, if you will surely listen to my voice, and keep my covenant, you shall be my own treasure among the nations; for all the earth is mine.
and we didn't listen to the voice of Yahweh our God, to walk in the law of his servants the prophets, which they set before us.
Let their mouth be exalted to Yahweh. Let the sword that covers all faces be in their hands.
saying, Don't touch my anointed one, Neither do evil to my prophets.
As if a man kisses a man with his mouth, So is he who answers with a wise word.
Yahweh is great, and greatly blessed, In our God's city, In his holy mountain.
Samaria was in great famine; and they surrounded the city, so that there was a donkey whose length was one hundred shekels, and the breadth of it one hundred fifty shekels.
So I will sing and praise your name forever. I will keep my vows day and night.
It will happen in that day that there will be a living water out of Jerusalem, one hundred times as much as the east sea, and one hundred times as much as the south sea; and it will be fuller and hotter.
If they buy the inheritance of other tribes of Israel, then their inheritance shall pass over from the inheritance of our fathers, and shall be added to the inheritance of their tribes which they shall inherit: so shall the inheritance of our lot pass over from us.
A fool's son is a calamity to his father. A wife's baldness is like a pool of water.
There came out of the camp of the Philistines a great multitude, whose name was Golat the Gittite, six cubits high and a half cubits broad;
I turned and looked, and saw all the oppression that was under the sun: and behold, the oppressors cried out, and there was no one to comfort them; for they were not comforted, because they oppressed them.
The third day Esther took the king's robe, and stood in the king's court, and over against the king's house: and the king reigned in the king's court, and over against the gate of the king's house.
He took Agag king of Amalek alive, and killed all his people with the edge of the sword.
They baked unleavened bread without blemish out of Egypt, because the famine was so severe that it could not endure, neither prepared for themselves any food.
So David made the Philistines fight with cords and stones, and struck him; but David's hand didn't come with a sword.
Therefore I tell you, whatever prayer you pray, believe that it has been received, and that it will be done.
You took my silver, and gave me no bread to eat; my silver, and gave me no water to drink; and I walked after you.
The king Jehoiakim sent to Egypt, even Elnathan the son of Achor, and certain men, to Egypt.
Therefore Naomi returned, and Ruth the Moabitess, her daughter-in-law, who had returned out of the land of Moab, with her: and when they returned to Bethlehem, it was the time to gather the barley.
Come and fight with me. You have seen how I fought, and you have heard how I fought.
Be careful that you don't profane good in the sight of men, that you may not receive the reward of your Father.
Jacob did so. Laban took Rachel, his daughter, and gave her to him as wife seven days after the feast of Leah.
Listen to the prayer of your servants, Lord, and to the prayer of those who delight in the fear of your name. Make your servant prosper this day, and find favor in the sight of this man. Then I was king.
It happened on the next day, that he was going to Galilee, and found Philip, and said to him, Follow me.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Joram his son reigned in his place.
You will receive the testimonies which you need, and will testify that he has spoken through me. He has done nothing wrong to you, but he has done great things among you.
Abimelech went up against the city all the day, and took the city, and killed the inhabitants of the land, and broke down the city, and crushed it with salt.
It shall be on Aaron's head, that Aaron may bear the iniquity of the children of Israel, which they have sinned in all the holy offering. It shall be on Aaron's head continually, that they may be accepted before Yahweh.
They took all their goods, and all their money, and all their children, and all their women, and all their household goods.
I tell you, God is steadfast in his justice. But when the Son of Man comes, will he see it in the world?
They girded themselves with sackcloth in the streets. They wept every man in his house, and in the crowded place. Their eyes remained open.
On the right hand he works, and I didn't see him; On the left he hides himself, and I didn't see him.
Therefore a father shall kill a son to eat in the midst of you, and a son shall kill a father to eat; and I will judge you in the midst of you; and I will scatter all the remnant of you in the midst of the earth.
For to him who is disappointed in me and in my words, the Son of Man will also be disappointed in himself, and in the glory of the Father and of the Holy One.
Blessed is Yahweh for his Kingdom. Blessed is the people whom Yahweh has chosen for his inheritance.
He took the pomegranates out of the field, And left the grapes of the wicked.
Now concerning the resurrection of the dead, don't you read the words which God spoke to you,
Therefore all the wealth of the Moabites, and all their wares, shall pass over the brook.
The offering of the rest of the people was twenty-nine talents of gold, and two thousand talents of silver; and the offering of the priests sixty-seven talents.
We will take one hundred men out of all the tribes of Israel, and one thousand out of one thousand, and one thousand out of one thousand, and will measure the people, and will bring them to Gibeah of Benjamin, when they come to them; and we will do to them as they have done to them in the midst of Israel.
and in Moab and in the children of Ammon, and in Edom, and in all Judah of all the kingdoms of the people, when they heard that the king of Babylon had left the remnant of Judah, and had set Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, the son of Shaphan, over them.
I tell you, if two of you come with one accord to pray on the earth, my Father will surely restore them.
It happened in the twenty-ninth year of king Altasias, in the first month, in the first month, that it happened, that I gave it to the king; and I didn't have sorrowful thoughts before the king.
The snares of his heart shall lead him away from me. I have turned away all his wickedness.
You shall not uncover the nakedness of your father's father. He is your father's nakedness.
A voice says, Lift up your yoke, lift up your yoke, and cut off from me the way of my people.
When Saul had eaten enough, he arose and stayed some days with the disciples of Damascus.
Absalom urged him; and the king gave permission to Amnon, and to all the king's sons.
Abimelech went to Tephseh; and he encamped in Tephseh, and took it.
Then they made on the top of it the work of a skillful workman, and the turban of it, and the turban of the ephod with it, of gold, and of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
All the saints will greet you.
If it be not good for you to serve Yahweh, then you shall choose today what you shall serve, whether the gods of the land which your fathers served beyond the River, or the gods of the Amorites who lived in their land? As for me and my house, we will not serve Yahweh.
One saw it, and said to Joab, I saw Absalom's ark in a tree.
I speak to the Gentiles, for I am a disciple of the Gentiles. I am righteous in this regard from my mountain.
Then the army of the king of Babylon stayed at Jerusalem; and Jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the guard, in the house of the king of Judah.
For many of Ephraim and Manasseh and Issachar and Zebulun were unclean; but they ate the Passover, and didn't observe the way.
As when a woman conceives to give birth, she trembles. In her affliction she cries out. So we are before you, Yahweh.
The Son of Man will come with his angels in the glory of his Father; and he will reward and punish everyone according to his work.
Abimelech pursued after him; and he fled before him; and many fell down, even to the gate of the city.
They came near to the house of Micah, and heard the voice of the young Levite; and they went in to him, and asked him, Who brought you here? What did you do there? What did you do there?
David said, Will the Keilahites deliver me into the hand of Saul, me and my men? He said, They will deliver you into his hand.
Jethro was glad because of all the good works of Yahweh that he had done to the children of Israel, and that he had delivered them out of the hand of the Egyptians.
Therefore will I give their wives to other men, and their fields to other men for an inheritance; for from the least of them to the greatest of them they will all commit adultery, and from the prophets to the priests they will all commit adultery.
Thomas answered, My lord, my God!
If the time comes, it will be revealed through the word of faith. By the commandment of our God and Savior, I will proclaim this Good News.
Then I washed you with water, and washed your flesh with blood, and anointed you.
The sluggard says, There is a lion outside. If I go into the street, I will kill him.
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came, while his servants slept in the city.
In the second year of Joash the son of Jehoahaz king of Israel Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah began to reign.
They have made the earth desolate. The earth is desolate, and they cry to me. The whole earth is desolate, because there is no man.
and the linen garments, and the holy garments of Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, that they might minister to the priests;
The grain that they brought back from Egypt was eaten; and their father said to them, Go again, bring us a little food.
I have seen your life this day. Yahweh also see my life, and deliver me from all my affliction.
Now therefore, behold, I am, and I have no God. I have died, and I have lived. I have hurt, and I have afflicted. There is none who can be delivered out of my hand.
I will not utterly destroy you until that time, says Yahweh.
Hear my words, you islands. Listen, you peoples, far off. Yahweh calls me from the womb. From my mother's womb he calls my name.
Therefore I returned, and thought, because of the labor that I had labored under the sun.
In the thirty-eighth year of Asa king of Judah began Ahab the son of Omri to reign over Israel; and Ahab the son of Omri reigned over Israel in Samaria twenty-two years.
We have relied on you to strike our enemies. We have relied on your name to tread down those who fight against us.
This was a testimony of the word which God spoke through Jeremiah the prophet, saying, They took the thirty pieces of silver, the price of the Issacharites for their goods.
Edom shall be a terror and a trembling, says Yahweh; and everyone who passes by it shall be amazed; for all the evil that he has seen shall be a reproach to him.
But thanks be to God, for though you were bondsersvants of sins, now you have obeyed that which was preached to you with all your heart and with all your soul.
Six years shall you till your fields, and six years shall you gather your vineyards, and gather their fruit.
When they were cut off for this cause, there stood beside them two men in white robes.
Then sent Horam his son to king David, and greeted him, and blessed him; for he was stronger against Hadarezer in the battle (for he was stronger against Hadarezer and against Tou in the battle). Horam brought the vessels of gold, and of silver, and of brass.
We said to my lord, A child can't go out from his father, but if he goes out from his father, he shall surely die.'
Don't let my heart turn away from evil, That I may die in deeds of iniquity, and that I may not eat of their good things.
Let each one of you be separate, that the teaching of Christ may be made known to you.
Speak wisely, You are my sister. Call wisdom your close kinsman.
Simon Peter rose up in the boat, and threw out the net, and filled it with fish, one hundred fifty-three fish; and though the fish were plentiful, the net was not broken.
Thus says Ben Hadad, Your silver and your gold are mine; and your wives and your sons and your daughters who are beautiful are mine.
There is no one who lives for himself, Neither is there any who dies for himself.
These vessels were taken by Mitletat the king of Persia, who was over the chambers, and numbered them, and delivered to Sheshbazzar the prince of Judah.
You shall break down their altars, and break down their pillars, and burn their Asherim with fire; and you shall cut down the images of the gods which they have engraved; and you shall destroy their name out of the land.
The throne was six cubits high, and the throne was joined to the throne of gold. On the one side were palm trees, and on the other side two lions standing.
Shall the Lord strike Israel as those who struck him? Shall he be slain as those who killed him?
You, God, will cause them to fall into the pit of destruction. The slain and the iniquitous shall not live. If it be me, I will trust in you.
He struck the women of the city of the priests, the little ones, the nursing babies, the oxen, the donkeys, and the sheep, with the edge of the sword.
and say, Behold, the scorching heat!' and abhor him with a scourge, says Yahweh of Armies: and if you bring for a present the spoil of your hands, the lame and the sick, shall I receive it from your hand? says Yahweh.
Jeremiah said to them, Thus shall you tell Zedekiah:
He has given us our inheritance, The glory of Jacob, whom he loves. Selah.
I know that you have a true faith, which is more abundantly in your mother, in Loew, and in your mother, in the daughter-in-law, and I know that you also have this faith.
You shall tell them, This is not according to the word of Yahweh their God, but according to the uncircumcised people: the truth passes away, and is broken out of their mouth.
Wisdom dwells in the heart of the understanding. The innermost parts of fools are seen.
He shall lay his hand on his head, and kill him before the tent of meeting. Aaron's sons shall sprinkle the blood on the altar round about.
The second, and the third, sought the brother.
Enclose me, that I may escape from the wrath of the wicked, From the wrath of the unrighteous.
Who has given him authority? Who has set the whole world in order?
Let him live forever. They will give him the gold of Sheba. They will pray for him continually, And praise him all day long.
Who is the King of glory? Yahweh of Armies, he is King of glory. Selah.
You despise my holy things. You persecute my Sabbaths.
Now therefore, when you tell your lord, Here is Elijah,' he will surely kill me.
Immediately the commanding officer and the captain of the army came to the people. When they saw the captain and the army, they lifted up their hands, and didn't beat Paul any more.
The poles shall be always in the ark, and they shall not be taken out.
Because they turned away from all the evil of other gods that they had done that day, therefore have I turned my face.
Herod sat on the throne in the day of the ark, and spoke to the people in a king's robe.
In the seventh month, on the first day of the month, Ezra the priest brought the book of the law before the assembly: the south was yours, and the west was the sight of all who heard it.
But Moses entered into Yahweh's presence, and spoke with him; and he bowed his head, until he came forth: and when he came forth, he spoke to the children of Israel the words which Yahweh commanded him.
Your servant loves the stone of Zion, And keeps his dust with the sword.
The stumbling block of fools is immediately revealed, But the prudent hides his own shame.
My soul has obeyed your precepts. I delight in your words.
Return you, and weep before Yahweh: but Yahweh will not hear your voice, nor turn his ear to you.
How much less that Christ, through the Spirit of eternal life, gave himself without reproach to God, and his blood was not cleansed from the iniquity of death, that he might serve the living God?
When he had made an end of bringing it, he took it away, and put on his own garments, and went out, and was crucified.
Behold, a king shall reign in righteousness; and princes shall reign in justice.
I turned and looked, and behold, who spoke with me; and behold, seven golden lampstands.
For they have forsaken me, and have burned incense to other gods, and have provoked me to anger with the work of their hands: therefore my wrath has fallen on this land.
For he will deliver you out of the clutches of birds, And out of the pestilence of evil.
But he shall leave his roots on the earth, and bind them with iron and brass, and water them with the dew of the sky in the new grass of the field, and he shall be with the animals of the field in the grass of the earth;
We have been beaten, we have been locked up, we have made the people to stumble. We have labored, we have not slept, we have not eaten.
As Babylon caused the slain of Israel to fall, so shall all the slain of his land fall in Babylon.
Rehoboam went to Shechem; for all Israel came to Shechem to make him king.
Isn't he who circumcised the body, and who walked in the law, not guilty? For you have circumcised the body of the law, but you have not walked in the law.
Isaiah said this because he had seen the glory of Jesus, and had spoken concerning him.
He brought them to the border of the sanctuary, To the mountain which he had obtained with his right hand.
He made the boards for the tent, and on the south side twenty boards.
Their heart trembles at wickedness. They gather themselves together to battle.
For the king's words are high. Who will say to him, What do you do?
The disciples said to him, Rabbi, when they come to the Jews to stone you with stones, will you go there again?
Your enemies roar in your temple. They set their days in order.
The prophet said, My sleep is disturbed. My sleep is glad.
There is good news from afar, As water to the thirsty.
We know that God doesn't listen to the prayer of sinners, but if a man worship God, and do his will, God will listen to his prayer.
But he was snared and carried away; and his little ones were slain in the streets; and they were astonished at his honor, and all his stature was broken in pieces.
The captains of the people went out, and their captains with them, and said to the people, Thus says Pharaoh, I will give you no more grass.
It happened after Jeremiah, that Ishdan the Bethlehemite was judge over Israel.
Yahweh sent a messenger into the camp of the king of Assyria, and destroyed all the mighty men of valor, and all the princes of the army: and the king of Assyria returned to his own land in shame, and into the house of his god; and there his son who bore him killed him with the sword.
I stood up in the first year of Darius king of Macedonia, and strengthened him.
He shall dwell in the city, until he stands before the congregation to be judged; and until the high priest has died, and he has killed a man, he shall return to his own city, and to his own family, from where he fled to the city.
You shall not multiply the word that I command you, nor diminish it, that you may keep the commandment of Yahweh your God, which I command you.
I will bless him, and I will give you a son to him. I will bless him, and he will be a mother to the nations. A king of the nations will come out of him.
You shall set your cities on the dust that is under our feet, and we shall stumble; but you shall know that the Kingdom of God is at hand.'
You shall see, and be glad in your heart; and your bones shall be sown as bare grass; and the hand of Yahweh shall show it to his servants; and he shall provoke him to anger against his adversaries.
I will make you a desolation and a reproach among the nations that are round about you, and a sight to those who pass by.
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
But the high places were not taken away: yet the people sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, who redeems Abraham, to you, house of Jacob: Jacob shall no more be ashamed, neither shall his face be changed.
As for us, it is a shame that we don't do such things. But if anyone boasts, it is a foolish man speaking, and I don't speak.
Samuel took a lamb of milk, and burnt it for a burnt offering to Yahweh: and Samuel cried to Yahweh for the children of Israel, and Yahweh answered him.
and silver for every engraved image; and silver for every engraved image;
I will make you a temple to me forever; and I will make you a temple to me of righteousness, of justice, of loving kindness, and of mercy;
Ephraim has deceived me with deceit; and the house of Israel has surrounded me with deceit: Judah has established God, and the holy one has a faithful heart.
His young men shall fall in the streets; and all his soldiers shall perish in that day, says Yahweh of Armies.
We know that all things are still weeping and groaning, as the affliction of the flesh.
Hurry for me, Yahweh, for I am faint. Hurry for me, Yahweh, for my bones tremble.
Gilgal isn't there iniquity? Yes, they are all lying men. In Gilgal they sacrifice oxen for sacrifice. Their altars are like the stones of the springs of the field.
Peter said to him, Your money is consumed with you; for you think that the gift of God is to buy with money.
It was in the heart of David my father to build a house for the name of Yahweh, the God of Israel.
You shall take water, and prepare for it. You shall establish your stronghold. You shall tread down the dust in the threshing floor.
He said to Lot, Where are the men who come to you? Let them go out, as we desire.
He said to him, Tell us, Who gave you authority to do these things? Who gave you authority?
I believe that the living will receive the grace of Yahweh, and will not be disappointed.
This thing became a sin, because the people went to Dan, and worshiped before it.
All the gates of the court were toward the land that was left: one gate was toward the north, and one gate toward the south; and the land that was left round about was five cubits.
The king of Assyria brought Israel to Assyria, and put them in Halah and Habool, and in the cities of Gozan by the river, and in the cities of the Medes.
As often as I see you, I give thanks to my God.
I have put my words in your mouth. I have covered you with the covering of my hand. I have listened to you. I have said to Zion, You are my people.
Put on shorts, and don't let the house be clothed.
and the hand went and took some, and went and ate; and when he came to his father-in-law, he gave them some, and they ate; but he didn't tell his father-in-law that this was the dead body of a lion.
You know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, who, though he is great, is a poor man for you, but a poor man for you.
When he had gone out on the way, a certain man came and sat before him, and said, Good teacher, what shall I do to have eternal life?
The young men who spoke to him said, I have come to Mount Gilboa, and have seen Saul sitting by his spear, and chariots and horsemen following him.
The famine and the scorching heat destroy the iniquity. So is Sheol to those who sin.
Berel arose, and Nebo fell. Their idols fell on the animals and on the livestock: and the light of your days was turned into a cloud, and the animals of the field were watched.
Joseph said to them, What is this that you do? Don't you know that as I do, so are you a magician?
He took the best of the flock, and threw the wood on the poles, and set the poles on their sides, that they might lay the bones in the midst of the flock.
Yahweh God said to the woman, I will greatly increase your affliction, and you shall afflict your children; and you shall be a burden to your husband, and he shall rule over you.
They shall build houses, and dwell in them. They shall plant vineyards, and eat the fruit of them.
Moses and Yahweh were there forty days and forty nights: they didn't eat bread nor drink water: and he wrote on two tables the words of this covenant, which are ten parts.
You shall stand before Yahweh your God on Mount Horeb that day: and Yahweh said to me, Gather my people together, that I may cause them to hear my words, and that they may live in the day of their birth, and to learn my fear, and to teach their children.
For God judges righteously. He will recompense those who are afflicted with evil,
You know, Yahweh, the counsel which they shall use against me: don't forgive their iniquity, neither blot out their iniquity from before you; let them fall before you; and when you are angry, punish them.
Then his voice stirred up the earth, but now he says, I will not stir up the earth any more, neither will I stir up the heavens.
But if you don't walk in your own ways, you have nothing to boast about.
Who is he who teaches wisdom? Who makes him understand what he says? Is it he who breaks the breast, and he goes out of the womb?
and the Levite between Nineveh and Galilee; the Levite is the great city.
Is this the work of my lord the king, and he didn't tell your servant, Who shall sit on his throne after my lord the king?
Let him therefore, who speaks in a foreign language, pray that he may have a spirit of knowledge.
When he came to Jericho, a blind man sat by the road begging.
Thus says Yahweh to this people: They desire vengeance, and have not swore to their feet: therefore Yahweh accepts them; and I will remember their iniquity, and will punish them for their sins.
The chief priests and the scribes saw the wonders which Jesus had done, and the children cried out in the temple, Hosanna! The children of David were very angry.
Sarah, my master's wife, bore me a son in her old age, and my master gave all that she had to this son.
In the midst of the nations he spoke of his glory, And in the midst of the peoples his marvelous works.
Wisdom is before the eyes of the understanding, But the eyes of fools are on the ends of the earth.
In the days of Ahasuerus (this Ahasuerus was one hundred twenty-seven years old, from the end of the world even to the end of the world),
that the words of my servant may be fulfilled, and that the counsel of my angel may be fulfilled. As for Jerusalem, I say, A man shall dwell therein; and as for the city of Judah, I say, A man shall be built therein; and the desolate place I will raise up.
Joshua circumcised them, because of all the men of war who came out of Egypt, all the men of war, who were in the wilderness after they had come out of Egypt.
Hold your peace in your hands, and be strong; for Saul your master is dead, and the house of Judah will anoint me king over them.
The mouth of the righteous is a spring of life, But violence covers the mouth of the wicked.
These are those who are sent by the Pharisees.
For all the children of God will be exalted above the world. Our faith will be exalted above the world.
There was a priest outside of the city, a Zerubbabel, who brought the bull, and the blood, and came to the gate of the city, that he might sacrifice with all the people.
When James and John, his disciples, saw it, they said, Lord, do you want us to call for a fire from heaven to devour them?
He shall change the lamps before Yahweh continually in the clean lampstand.
Shall the servant keep the charge of his lord, which he has commanded him?
He set his God in order, as Moses in the house of God.
Philip therefore departed from there, and preached to him the Good News of Jesus.
How can you speak good, you serpents, that you know that they are evil? For what fills a man's heart, and what comes out of his mouth?
He made a ring of thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and
Our bodies will continue to live in Jesus' body, that his life may be revealed in our bodies.
Yahweh, who can live in your tents, Who can dwell in your holy mountain?
I was very dismayed with you, and I was afraid, and trembled.
Saul and his men went to seek him; and they told David; and he went down to the rock, and lived in the wilderness of Maon. When Saul heard of it, he pursued David in the wilderness of Maon.
Then the assembly lifted up their voice, and cried out with a loud voice: and all the people wept that night.
Yahweh, what a man is, you know him. What a man's son is, you remember him.
When Judas came, immediately he came to him, and cried to him with a loud voice, and kissed him.
Then Yahweh divided the kingdom of Israel, and made it smaller. Hazael fought against Israel round about.
For if a thing goes unpunished, then the money is gone; and if the man bears a son, his hands will be empty.
At the end of the reign three hundred princes went down to David to the top of Adullam: and the army of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
Yahweh is with me, and I am not afraid. What can man do to me?
Another angel, who was over the altar, came out from the altar, and cried out from the horn of the altar, and said, With the horn of your own horn you shall rebuke the grapes of the ground; for the grapes have come up.
The wicked shall depart from his way, and the unrighteous from his thoughts. To Yahweh he will be merciful; To our God he will walk in forgiveness.
They traveled from Pharaoh Philioth eastward, and passed through the sea to the wilderness; and they walked in the wilderness of Ethon three days: and they encamped in Marah.
For I tell you, there is none who can eat the bread of those who are called to me.'
He said to them, The princes of the Gentiles rule over the people, and the lord of the throne is called the Lord.
The angel of Yahweh answered him, Yahweh of Armies, have you no mercy until the seventy years of your wrath which you have wrath against the cities of Jerusalem and Judah?
Moses took it out of their hand, and burned it on the altar, a holy offering, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Jesus answered them, I tell you that I am. If you seek me, let these men go.
Yahweh your God will deliver them up to you, and will make them astonished, until they perish.
For his signs and his wonders are good and perfect. His kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, His dominion to all generations.
Dan shall judge his people as one of the tribes of Israel.
Yahweh will cover the lips of the sluggard. He will break the tongue of the sluggard.
Jephthah said to the elders of Gilead, Take me now away, and fight against the children of Ammon; and Yahweh will deliver them up before me: shall I indeed be your chief?
As you are righteous outside, you are filled with falsehood and unrighteousness inside.
He who eats my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life. On the last day I will raise him up.
Therefore the Jews persecuted him, because he was sick on the Sabbath day.
If a man causes the bird to see that he is in the midst of the net of Sidon, he will seek after the bird, or if he won't find it.
Elisha said to him, Go, bless him, and say, You shall surely live; but Yahweh will show me that he shall surely die.
After this, the Levites shall enter into the service of the tent of meeting; and you shall cleanse them, and offer them for a wave offering;
Do you teach others, but don't teach yourself? Do you teach men to not steal, but don't steal yourself?
When the man saw him, he fell on his face, and cried to him, Jesus, the Son of the Most High, what have I to do with you? Don't let me be afflicted.
The captain of the guard in the second month was Dodi the Ahohite; and Miclot was the captain of the nation: and in his division were twenty-four thousand men.
Joram was thirty-two years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem: and there was none who remembered him from the world; and they buried him in the city of David; but he was not in the tombs of the kings.
Ephron answered Abraham,
The soldiers gave him a drink of bitter wine, but he didn't drink of it all.
All the peoples of the peoples shall give power and honor to Yahweh, and to Yahweh.
Let it be called The Hour of the Clement, that the world may see it day and night, that there be no one among you who causes iniquity to be uncovered, and makes hardening of the heart.
Be astonished at the two tables, that they may be joined one to another.
For every man of the house of Israel, and of the stranger who lives as a foreigner in the midst of Israel, who is with me, to receive his idol in his heart, and to cause sin to be committed before him, and to come to the prophet, to inquire of me for his own sake, will I, Yahweh, answer him.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
He said to his father, Behold, there is a request of yours, that you grant me two months, that I and my companions may go up to the mountain to weep for a long time for my soul.
The father also will do the same to his sons and to his daughters. They will rise up against their parents, and kill them.
But Yahweh didn't stop his wrath, which he had wrath against Judah, because of the wrath which Manasseh provoked him to do.
I will multiply men on you, all the multitude of Israel; and cities shall be inhabited, and desolate places shall be built.
Return, my daughter. Hurry! I am old, and I can't have a husband. If I say, I have hope, and I have a husband by night, and I have a son,
So Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh; and all the land of Egypt was sold to Pharaoh because of the famine.
Joseph was thirty years old when he came to Pharaoh king of Egypt: and Joseph went out from Pharaoh's presence, and went through all the land of Egypt.
All these are the offerings which Yahweh commanded Moses in Mount Sinai, which he commanded the children of Israel in the wilderness of Mount Sinai.
You will not accept the name of my Father whom I have chosen; but you will accept the name of another who has chosen his own name.
Philip said to him, Lord, show us the Father, and we will be satisfied.
Those who dwell in the earth are afraid because of your signs. You make them glad in the morning and in the evening.
Therefore today, tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, shall I do; for the prophets are not able to kill outside of Jerusalem.
From that time he began to prophesy, saying, Refresh yourselves, for the Kingdom of Heaven is coming.
It happened, when he had received the money from Jasper and the rest of the people, that he let them go.
Greet Lebanon, and raise up a voice in Bashan, and cry out of Abiram; for all your delight is consumed.
One pillar was eighteen cubits high, and the height ten cubits, and the breadth of it twelve cubits; and the height of it was evil, and in vain.
They argued with him, but he said to them, The prophets will be honored wherever they go, in their own country, and in their own house.
You shall rejoice, and I will do to you, because of the inheritance of the house of Israel: Mount Seir shall you be desolate, and all the land of Edom shall you be desolate; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
They passed through Persia, and came to Pamphylia.
Then said Nicodemus, How is it that a man has his father? Can he enter again into his mother's womb, and have his father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's
John continually said to Herod, You don't know the wives of your brothers.
He has not sinned, Neither has anyone heard him lying.
So the children of Edom rebelled against Judah, and escaped out of his hand to this day: and the children of Lipnah rebelled at that time.
Yahweh has done to you according to the word which he spoke by me; and Yahweh has taken the kingdom out of your hand, and delivered it to David your brother.
For I know that through your prayer and through the Holy Spirit of Jesus Christ, I will be freed and redeemed.
You have given him the desire of his heart. You have opened his mouth. Selah.
that all men may honor the Son as the Father; and those who don't honor the Son, they don't honor the Father who sent him.
I have bought servants and handmaids, and have been born in my house, and have had many herds and flocks, more than all the men who were before me in Jerusalem.
From the first day of the first month began to do that which was clean; and the eighth day came to the door of Yahweh, to the house of Yahweh, to the fourteenth day of the first month.
A man's foot is Yahweh's foot. Shall a man know his way?
Yahweh built Jerusalem, and gathered Israel together, and sent them away to the Gentiles.
He didn't know that his grain and his wine and his oil were mine, and that his silver and his gold were mine; and he served Baal with these things.
Go to my relatives and to my peoples, and take a wife for Isaac my son.
He named him Joseph, saying, Yahweh increase my son also.
He made poles of acacia wood, and overlaid them with gold.
Of Naphtali there were one thousand captains of thousands, with shields and spears; and after them there were thirty-seven thousand men.
I have tested all things with wisdom. I said, I will be a wise man, but wisdom is far from me.
They went out, and God made all the cities that were round about them afraid; and they didn't pursue after Jacob's sons.
All the things that were on the tent were numbered, according to all that the Levites were able to do in the midst of it, according to the commandment of Moses, by the numbering of the hands of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest.
The woman was beautiful in every way, and had not known anyone who was with her. She went down to the pit, and filled her chambers.
If the city blows a trumpet, won't the people be afraid? If the plague comes on a city, won't Yahweh bring it down?
I saw a throne sitting on it, a power of judgment; and I saw the spirit of those who testify about Jesus, and of those who testify about the land of God, who didn't worship the beast or the beast, and didn't cover him with a shield in their hands: and they were raised together with him one thousand years.
It is a fire, and it will devour, and cut off the root of all my fruit.
Whoever among your servants finds him shall be put to death; and we will be servants to my master.
The angel who spoke with me said, What are these, my lord?
Who knows the thoughts of the Lord? Who can give counsel to him?
Then said Saul's scribe, Tell me, Samuel, what has he said to you?
When the children of Israel turned back in the battle, the children of Benjamin struck Israel with their hands about thirty times; and they said, They have slain Israel as before.
Out of the tribe of Naphtali, Kedesh of Galilee, the city of refuge for the slain, with its suburbs, and Hammothod with its suburbs, and Carthanna with its suburbs, gave them three cities.
Samuel spoke all the words of Yahweh to the people, even to the king whom he asked of him, saying,
Yahweh our Lord, your name is great in all the earth.
But I have grass and oil to give to the donkey, and bread to give to my own self, and to my handmaid, and to the young men who follow me.
Most assuredly I tell you, if a grain isn't sown and dies, it is a handful. If it dies, there will be many sown grains.
In Christ, you are filled with all riches and knowledge.
The city shall be called by all nations a joy and a praise and a glory: for all nations shall tremble at all the good that I have given them, and at all the good that I have given them, and at all the peace that I have given them.
So Jebedmelech took the men, and brought them into the king's house, to the chamber under the king's house: and he took the sack, and put it on his garments, and tied the cords, and brought them to Jeremiah.
For you have taken away many nations, and the remnant of the nations have taken away you; because you have shed blood, and have waged a violent war in the land, and in the cities, and in the habitations of those who dwell therein.
They departed there, and came to the house of the young Levite, to the house of Micah, and greeted him.
He saw the golden crown, and the palm tree that was in their sister's hand, and heard the words of Rebekah their sister, saying, Thus and thus has the man said to me. He went to the man, and saw the man standing by the camel's horn, by the spring of water.
They gathered themselves together against the life of the righteous, And against the innocent.
then his brother shall come to him before the elders, and shave the man's foot from off his face, and say, Thus shall he do to him who doesn't build his house for his brother.'
Samuel said, Your sword has killed a woman, and your mother has killed a woman. Samuel broke Agag in pieces before Yahweh in Gilgal.
But if he gives one portion of his inheritance to one of his servants, it shall be to him in the year of his release, in the year of his release; and he shall leave his sons his inheritance, says Yahweh.
The top of the lord was on the top of a tower of four cubits; and on the top of the lord was his yoke, and his snare; and he was with the lord of the threshing floor.
The mountains shall be opened, and the hills shall be desolate; but my loving kindness shall not depart from you, neither shall my covenant of peace be desolate, says Yahweh who has mercy on you.
He will greet you, and bless you, the children of your sister who are chosen by God.
He lived in the wilderness of Balaam; and his mother took him a wife out of the land of Egypt.
Therefore in that day, according to the Good News which I preach, God will judge in Christ Jesus.
Yahweh God laid the man in the garden of Eden, and planted him, and kept him.
and that the waters of Hermon may be poured out on Mount Zion; for there Yahweh will bless, an everlasting life.
The temple was full of the glory of God, and the fire of his power, until the seven angels came, and there was none who could enter into the temple.
Solomon made a bond with Pharaoh king of Egypt, and took the daughter of Pharaoh, and brought her into the city of David, until she had built her house, and the house of Yahweh, and all the wall of Jerusalem round about.
If you go to a new house, then you shall be a prisoner in the house, that no man fall from there, and the blood that is left in your house.
They told it to him, and to all their household.
Wisdom will keep you from sexual immorality, From the snare of flatteries.
Yahweh said to Jehu, Because you have done good, and have done that which I have seen good, and have dealt well with the house of Ahab according to my heart, your seed shall be ruler over Israel all generations.
You shall not forsake your friends, nor your father's friends; neither shall you go to your brother's house in a day of trouble: the neighbor is greater than his neighbor.
Another said, I have a wife, and I can't find her.'
Speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, Make them a chain forever on the three ends of it, and a ribbon of fine twined linen on the other end of it.
Greet, for the days of Yahweh are near. As destruction comes from the Almighty,
and the river shall be full of pomegranates; and they shall arise, and go into your palaces, and into your bedchambers, and into the house of your servants, and into the body of your people, and into your kneading troughs, and into your kneading troughs.
and Jathel with its suburbs, and Jesitemo with its suburbs,
When the feast was finished, they returned, but the child Jesus was still in Jerusalem, and his father and his mother didn't know it.
He said to the king, Thus says Yahweh, Because you have let go the man whom I have appointed to destroy, your life shall be before his life, and your people before his people.
If therefore the husband lives with another man, he will be called a prostitute; and if the husband dies, he will be freed from the law's snare, and it will be no sexual immorality, though he is with another man.
Yahweh will make Judah his inheritance in the holy place; and he will choose Jerusalem.
Don't deceive yourself. He who deceives himself with the deceit of the world will be wise, but he who is foolish shall be wise.
You shall put them on the treasury of the priests, and mark them for the children of Israel: and Aaron shall write their names on their shoulders, and shall mark them before Yahweh.
The foolish man eats up, as if he had broken his own foot, and opened his own mouth.
The light of the eye makes the heart glad. Good news stirs up the root of the soul.
Brothers, if God loves us, let us also love one another.
The man said, Your name shall no more be called Jacob, but Israel; for you shall prevail, both you, and God, and man, in the battle.
When therefore we heard of you, we prayed for you, and begged God that you might receive wisdom and understanding from the Spirit, and that you might be able to discern his will,
I, Paul, greet you in my ear. Remember how I am now. May the grace of God be with you.
David went out that day, and fled from Saul, and escaped to Achish king of Gath.
The heart of a fugitive lies in vain, But he who goes after the righteous shall be glad.
As brothers of Christ, brothers who are called by God, rejoicing in him who was called a messenger and a high priest.
Shall I eat the flesh of bulls, Or drink the blood of goats?
Yahweh, please give us your loving kindness, As we have hoped for you.
He didn't allow the angels to sin, but he cast them into Sheol, and shut them up in a deep of darkness, until he was judged.
one male goat for a sin offering;
The God who commanded the light to come out of darkness, the God who poured out the light into our hearts, whom we know to be glorified in the face of Jesus Christ.
Blessed are you, you men, and blessed are your servants, that they may always stand before you to hear your wisdom.
If a man's heart is troubled, he will be burned up. A good word will delight him.
Let him be condemned when he is judged. Let his prayer be turned into iniquity.
We touched the wall, and shook it, as the blind; and we kneeled down, as the unwitting man; and we stumbled in the daytime, as in the evening; and we died among the mighty, as in the dead.
Look down from heaven, and see from your holy and glorious place. Where is your zeal and your mighty works? The heart of your love and your compassion are steadfast to me.
You make grass, that the animals may eat, and that the grass may be a labor of men, and that the food may be brought forth out of the earth;
He gave to all Israel, both male and female, a loaf of bread, a loaf of flesh, and a loaf of grapes.
For they all knew that the woman was dead, and they ridiculed him.
Job answered,
Yahweh spoke to Moses and Aaron on Mount Hor, which is by the border of Edom, saying,
In the day of wrath there is no profit, but righteousness delivers from death.
These are the sins of Meribah, because the children of Israel argued with Yahweh; and Yahweh sanctified himself to them.
Then Nebuchadnezzar was full of wrath, and commanded from Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, that men should go to burn more than seven times as much coal;
I will send a fire on the wall of Tyre, And it shall devour its palaces.
and fifty-four thousand four hundred.
Son of man, be a liar to the king of Tyre, and tell him, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: You are perfect, wise, and beautiful.
Yahweh was with the master when he raised them up, and he delivered them out of the hand of their enemies in all the days of the life of the master. They groped because of their oppression, and Yahweh was merciful to them.
The sons of Meshelemiah and their brothers were mighty men of valor, eighteen men.
I have revealed your name to those whom you have chosen out of the world. They are yours, and you have given them, and they have kept your word.
But if a man goes on his way in the night, he shall stumble, because there is no light to go on.
But Jesus said to him, There was a man who was very hungry, and he called many people.
and one male goat for a sin offering, to make atonement for you.
I will rejoice in Jerusalem, and be glad in my people; I will no more hear the cry of weeping, nor the cry of wailing;
Then Laban brought forth to him sons horns, and horned rams, and horned rams, and white goats, and rams of the field.
Then the wicked will be revealed. When he comes, he will kill him with his mouth, And destroy him with the glory of his coming.
After him was Shallum the son of Horohesh, who was one of the rulers of Jerusalem, and his daughters with him.
For he who saves his life shall lose it; and he who loses his life for my sake shall receive it.
He shall not escape from darkness. The fire shall devour his branches. He shall die in the breath of the mouth of Yahweh.
Moreover Yahweh swore to me because of your wrath, and he swore that I would not pass over the Jordan, nor would he cause me to enter into the beautiful land which Yahweh your God will give you to possess it.
You shall offer for this lamb the fourth part of a hin of the meal offering: and in the sanctuary you shall offer the first part of the meal offering to Yahweh.
You say, God has recited his iniquity to his son. I say, He has also repaid him for himself, that he may know it.
You know that we have dealt treacherously with each of you, as with his father, with his sons and with his daughters.
If you, fools, don't die, then will you live?
and to cut stones, and to cut wood, and to make all kinds of work.
Isaac his father said to him, Come now, my son, kiss me.
Your reproof, God of Jacob, has gone forth. The chariots and the horses are in the midst of the people.
While we slept in this tent, we didn't gather up the things that were on the surface of the earth, but we gathered up the things that were thick, that we might recompense the things that were dead.
Return, and tell Jeroboam, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, I have taken you out of the midst of the people, and have made you prince over my people Israel:
But Yahweh brought you out of Egypt from the snare of iron, to be a people of his possession, as it is this day.
The king said, Go, see where he is; and I will send to take him. One said to the king, Behold, he is in Tod.
Jonathan said to him, Tomorrow is the first day of the month, and your words are empty, that you may not be present.
Then Amnon lay unclean, and the king came to see him. Amnon said to the king, Please let my sister Tamar come to me, and make me two loaves before me, and I will eat them out of her hand.
They have poured out your people's blood round about Jerusalem, like water, and no one has buried them.
He sat down in the garments which he had put on, and ate with the king of Babylon all the days of his life.
Their graves were deep in the midst of their pits, and their people were slain by the sword round about their graves; and they were terrorized in the land of the living.
All who remain of your house shall bow down to him, and ask one silver and one bread, saying, Give me one ephod, that I may eat bread.'
The Lord said to them, If you have a great faith, even a mighty one, and command this tree, saying, Take your roots, and plant them in the sea,' then the same tree will obey you.
Therefore I strove before him with my whole heart. When I saw it, I was afraid.
Whoever breaks my covenant, and doesn't listen to the word of my covenant, when he takes a bull out of the midst of him, and breaks his covenant which he made before me,
If you blow only one trumpet, then all the princes, even the heads of the fathers' houses of Israel, shall be gathered to you.
Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered,
The five curtains shall be five in length, and the five curtains shall be five in breadth.
Son of man, behold, the house of Israel says, The vision which he sees is of many days, and the prophecy which he has spoken is a long time.
This is the burnt offering, the meal offering, the sin offering, the trespass offering, the holy sacrifice, and the peace offerings.
A voice was heard from Dan, and evil was reported from Mount Ephraim.
You shall make a reed of embroidered work. You shall make it with the work of the ephod, of gold, and of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.
Jonah said to them, Take me up, and cast me into the sea, and the sea shall be quiet; for I know that you have found this great wind for my sake.
His chambers were full of treasures and treasures of greatness, even of knowledge.
For they have bound him with the hammer and with the iron; but the iron has broken him, and the iron has broken him. There is no strength to subdue him.
It happened, as he passed by the gate, that he went to his father to take a field: and as he came down from the donkey, Caleb said, What shall you do?
While Peter was still contemplating this vision, the Holy Spirit said to him, Three men are coming to you.
I saw, the palace of the king of Judah was like the crown of Lebanon; but I would surely make it a wilderness, and a city of no man.
He whom God sent spoke the word of God, because he didn't intend to give him the Holy Spirit.
that we may praise the glory of God, all of us who are in Christ,
They don't remember the way of Yahweh, Neither do they honor the work of his hands, In the altar of feasting, In the harp, in the psaltery, and in the trumpet;
He made the bases of it, and the basins of it,
Yahweh, I trust in you. Don't let me be disappointed forever. Deliver me according to your righteousness.
It happened, when there was no wind in the midst of it, that the sky was blown away, because of the wind and the cloud, and the great rain. So Ahab sailed in a chariot to Jezreel.
The horses of the fugitives, which they ride on, are unclean.
The man of God said to him in wrath, Five times in that hour shall you strike Syria, and it shall be utterly destroyed; but three times shall you strike the Syrians.
Peter went with his disciples to the tomb.
But to this day I have the throne of God, that I may stand, and testify against the honorable and the lowly. All that I have spoken, and that which the prophet has spoken, and that which Moses has spoken, are things that will happen.
As for me, am I a sighing man? Why isn't my spirit stirred?
Talshish and the kings of the islands shall be glorified; and Sheba and the king of Sheba shall offer offerings.
But keep all that you have until I come.
But Saul was yet determined to kill the Lord's disciples. He went to the high priest,
The pillars were before the house, one on the right hand, and one on the left: the name of the one on the left was Jachin, and the name of the other Boaz.
I will turn you again, and I will bring you near, and will bring you from the uttermost parts of the north country, and will bring you to the mountain of Israel.
All the people of the land rejoiced, and all the cities were quiet: and they killed Athaliah with the sword in the king's house.
A righteous man walks in his own way, But a wicked man stumbles because of his own wickedness.
Seventy men of your fathers went down into Egypt: now Yahweh your God has made you like the stars of the sky.
Come, house of Jacob! Let us walk in the light of Yahweh.
I will strengthen Pharaoh's heart, And will do many of my signs and wonders in the land of Egypt.
Who has heard of the power of Yahweh? Who has heard of all his fame?
I will say to God, my rock, Why don't you remember me? Why do I grieve, and walk, because of the oppression of my enemies?
As for this, Yahweh commanded him not to follow other gods; but he didn't keep the commandment of Yahweh.
If a rich man sees his brother, or his sister in distress, but doesn't have a loving heart, how can he say that he loves God?
You shall not offer to Yahweh the wounded, or those who seek, or those who are wounded, or those who are weary; neither shall you do so in your land.
Don't be far from me, For there is no one to help me in trouble.
The people cried out, and the priests blew the trumpet: and when the people heard the sound of the trumpet, they cried out with a loud voice: and the wall fell on its roof, and the people went in and went every man in and took the city.
You shall see no more the light of the lamp, neither shall you hear the sound of the bridegroom nor of the bride; for all your merchants are wise men on the earth, and all nations have made your iniquity a snare.
But I will bring them by a whirlwind into the nations which they don't know; and the land shall be desolate after them, so that no man shall pass through it; for they have made a pleasant land desolate.
They lifted up their voice again, and kissed each other. Only Ruth and she left him.
Therefore I hate the book, because all the work that I do under the sun is my labor. For it is vanity and a chasing after wind.
and the tribe of Gad: and the prince of the children of Gad shall be Eliasaph the son of Tiuel.
The children of Israel did according to the word of Moses: they took from the Egyptians vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and garments.
I tell you, if the days of judgment come, the punishment of Sodom is better than the punishment of that city.
They came to hear him, and to be sick with him, and those who had been possessed by demons were also sick.
But he who hears that he doesn't build is like a man who builds a house on the ground, and doesn't have foundation, but a cleft in the wall; and immediately the house falls, and it is very broken.
and all the remnant of this wicked nation, whom I have driven away to them, shall they die, and live, says Yahweh of Armies.
The elder said, Peace be to you. I will give you the fat that you need, but you shall not stay all night in the streets.
I will be merciful to you, and will cause them to be merciful to you, and will cause you to return to your place.
Yahweh, you are everlasting. Your throne endures forever.
When the man saw that he couldn't contain him, he struck Jacob with his right thigh; and when he struck Jacob with his right thigh, he sinned.
There is no one who understands the divisions, Nor who seeks God.
Therefore watch, for you don't know when your master will return, or when he will come, or when he will sleep, or when he will lie down, or when he will wheeze, or when the sun will shine.
Every morning he passes by, and will carry you away. Every morning he passes by, and there is no night; but the word which is preached is feared.
Joseph's master put him into prison, in the place where the king's sin was committed. Joseph was put into prison.
In those days shall the house of Judah walk with all Israel; and they shall come together out of the land of the north, to the land which I gave to your fathers for an inheritance.
To him who created the heavens with wisdom, For his loving kindness endures forever.
In that day, says Yahweh, I will cut off your horses from you, and will destroy your chariots.
Then I answered, Behold, I am come! My things are written in a book.
If the king and the people rebel against this commandment, and persecute the house of God that is in Jerusalem, then let the God of his name destroy them. I, Darius, have utterly broken it.
But I will sacrifice to you with the voice of my peace offerings, And will deliver my vows to Yahweh.
But not everyone has this knowledge. Some worship idols, and when they eat them, they think that they eat idols. Their heart is afflicted with them, and they think that they are defiled with them.
But if I remember that you groan when we are separated, I will be glad to see you again, that I may be filled with joy.
Why am I able to bear you alone, my fellow man, your oppression, and your strife?
When he was sitting with them, he took the bread, and gave it to them.
Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, Who does marvelous things.
and said to them, You did that which Moses the servant of God commanded you, and you did that which I commanded you.
For fire has risen in my anger to the depths of Sheol, and has devoured the earth and its fruit, and has burned the foundations of the mountains with fire.
But you are redeemed, and your greatness is destroyed. Why do you scoff at men? Why do you scoff at robbers?
I baptized you in water, that you might be cleansed; but he who comes after me has greater power than I, and I am not worthy of his sword. He will baptize you in the Holy Spirit and in the fire.
Honor the woman who reigns in her power.
My people are in danger, and you shall not enter into their gates; they are in danger, and you shall not see their affliction; they are in danger, and you shall not touch their goods.
Elisha said to his servants, Tell him, Behold, you have a very great heart for us: now therefore what shall you do to us? Why do you want me to speak to the king or to the captain of the army? The woman answered, I dwell among my people.
It happened, while Samuel was offering his burnt offering, that the Philistines came near to fight against Israel: and Yahweh came with a loud voice against the Philistines that day, and struck them; and they were slain before Israel.
Saul had given Miriam his daughter, the wife of David, as wife to Phantham the son of Laish the Calemite.
For the blood of oxen and sheep shall not put away man's sin.
There is a sword outside, and there is a pestilence and a famine; and there is a great sword in the field, and it shall die; and the pestilence and the pestilence shall devour the city.
Though there is no other Good News, I say this because of the fear of those who mock you, and seek to despise the Good News of Christ.
You shall appoint your brother a poor man to dwell with you; and you shall keep him, that he may dwell with you, as a stranger and as a foreigner.
If there be iniquity in your hand, put it away far away, and don't let unrighteousness dwell in your tents.
The eyes of God were on the elders of Judah, and they didn't let them go; until the matter came to Darius, and they were instructed to do it.
His brother came out after him, and his hand was on Esau's foot, and he named him Jacob. Isaac was sixty years old when his sons were born.
I heard a voice out of heaven, saying, Write now! Blessed are those who are to be sanctified by the Lord! The Holy Spirit says, It is, and they shall rest from their affliction; for the fruit of their affliction shall follow them.
This song shall be a witness against them in the time of their many calamities; for the mouth of their seed shall remember it, and shall not forget it: for I knew it, before I had brought them into the land which I swore to swear to, and the thoughts of the ships in which they sailed.
If a man doesn't reconcile his heart, He is as a destroyed city without wall.
I don't fear that when I come again to you, my God will make me ashamed before you, and I will weep for many, because they have not repented of their sins, nor of their iniquities, nor of their sexual immorality, nor of their sexual immorality.
Then they and their disciples drew near, and drew near.
Let your works be revealed to your servants. Let your glory be revealed to our seed.
You have diminished the days of his virginity, And made her great shame. Selah.
The heads of fathers' houses hated Joseph, and didn't bring him into Egypt; but God was with him.
The second, the third, and the seventh were alike.
As the Lord did to his own husband, so shall he do to her, the daughter-in-law.
Behold, the name of Yahweh is far off, and his anger is risen up, and his secret smoke is high; His lips are full of wrath, His tongue like a devouring fire.
You have committed adultery with me, house of Israel, as a woman has committed adultery from her husband, says Yahweh.
Joseph lived with his father's household in Egypt, and he lived one hundred years.
Behold, the king, behold, a voice of a great image; and the image was great, and exceedingly troubled, and stood before you; and the appearance of it was frightening.
Jonah prayed to Yahweh his God in the belly of the fish, saying,
Therefore keep all my statutes and all my ordinances, that you not let the land where I brought you out of your habitations go out.
Abraham arose, and fell on his face to the men of the land, of the children of Heth.
It happened, when Jesus came, that Lazarus was buried in the tomb, and it was the fourth day.
The Spirit of the Lord came on me, because he anointed me to preach the Good News to the poor. He sent me to prophesy, saying, He who is taken will be freed, and he who is blind will see, and he who is oppressed will be freed.
But if we say that we have a relationship with God, yet live in darkness, we speak lies, and don't do the truth.
Yahweh is my rock, my high place, my salvation; my God, my rock, I will trust in him; my shield, my shield, my stronghold.
The gold of an open field shall not find it; Neither shall the emerald of precious stones nor the ruby of precious stones be found it.
They said to the king Nebuchadnezzar, Long live the king.
What is the foundation of it? Who is the comforter of its corners?
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Behold, my servant shall eat, and you shall thirst; behold, my servant shall drink, and you shall thirst; behold, my servant shall rejoice, and you shall be disappointed.
He said to them, I am. They fell on their faces, and fell on their faces.
according to the will of God, Jesus Christ, who sacrificed to himself once, was sanctified to God.
When Pharaoh's servants saw him, they praised Pharaoh; and the woman was brought into Pharaoh's palace.
Then they made the images of the bulls, and sacrificed to the idol, and rejoiced in the images which they made with their own hands.
Immediately the men who were looking for him departed, knowing that he was a Roman, and that they had bound him, and were afraid.
If you will listen diligently to the statutes and to the ordinances which Yahweh has commanded Moses to teach Israel, you shall prosper: you shall be well; don't be afraid, neither be dismayed.
I have counsel and understanding. I have understanding and power.
Then Paul went out from them.
For I am also a man put to the test, and a soldier put to the test. I said to one, Go,' and he went; and to another, Come,' and he came; and to my servant, Do this,' and he did this.
Noah lived from the iniquity three hundred fifty years.
It happened on the third day, that there was a division in Cana in Galilee, and his mother was a prostitute.
He buried and rose up the third day, as it is written.
Then Delilah bound him with new cords, and said to him, Samson, the Philistines are come to take you! Then the robbers hid themselves in the chamber; and Samson cut off the cords of his hand, as he did cut off a cord.
Our heart has broken, and our mouth is opened to you, friends of Corinth.
For the evil that comes from God has made me afraid; For his wrath I can't stand.
Then Solomon built an altar on the top of the hill before Jerusalem for Chemosh, the god of affliction of Moab, and for Moloch, the god of affliction of the children of Ammon.
Behold, Assyria was a cedar tree in Lebanon; and its branches were beautiful, and its shadow was like a forest, and its branches were high, and its branches were left in the midst of the cloud.
The evil of Moab is at hand. His troubles are near.
Speak to God, and be astonished at your works. For your power is exalted, And all your enemies are subdued.
The seventh poured out his flute into the sky, and a loud voice came out of the throne of the temple, saying, All is well.
Don't put a veil on your neck, And don't put a sling on your neck.
The sheep were the shepherds who came in by the gate.
But Pilate answered him, Paul is still in Caesarea, and I will return there shortly.
The light of the righteous will be understood, But the lamp of the wicked will die.
You shall drink water according to the weight of it, one hundred eighty-six hins a day, and you shall drink it in due season.
Do you offer sacrifices and offerings to me, house of Israel, forty years in the wilderness?
I have seen the deeds of the Jews, and have been astonished, yet I serve the Lord with my eyes closed.
From the beginning even to this day there is no end, neither ever will there be any end.
When the priest shall go in, he shall not go out of the sanctuary to any other place; but he shall let them loose the garments that they have put on when they did this, for they are holy: and he shall put them in the place of the people.
John answered them, I have baptized you in water, but a more mighty man is coming, and I will not lose his sword. He will baptize you in the Holy Spirit and in fire.
My sister, my bride, you have turned away my heart. You have turned away my heart with one look at your eyes. You have taken away my heart with one golden chain around your neck.
I will afflict him with the pestilence and with the blood; and I will bring down on him, and on his armies, and on the people who are with him, a great storm, and a great hail, and a great fire.
A proud man turns away his face, But wise is he who is a thief.
For many were possessed by demons, and the demon cried aloud, and went out from those who were possessed; and many were demons, and many were lame.
Blessed is he who does that which is right in his own eyes, and doesn't sin.
His breath was long; and he named his son Benjamin in the time of his death; but his father named him Benjamin.
There were also two olive trees: one on the right side of the anointing oil, and one on the left side of the anointing oil.
Leap, you people of Dan: flee, hide yourself; for I will bring his evil on Esau, when I will punish him.
For he will not put me to death by the womb. My mother will be my tomb. She will be a constant in my body.
So he who sent me here is not you, but God. He made me as Pharaoh's father, lord over all his house, and ruler over all the land of Egypt.
The people sat down and walked as the Anakim; but Yahweh destroyed them before the children of Ammon; and they possessed their land, and lived therein.
The heads of fathers' houses of Judah shall say in their heart, The inhabitants of Jerusalem are my strength, because they trust in their God, Yahweh of Armies.
Some of the Pharisees said, This man didn't receive the Sabbath, but from God. Others said, Why do sinners do such signs? They were divided.
You shall burn your house with fire, and judge you before many women; and I will not make you to commit adultery any more, nor send you any more.
He pursued them, and walked in a way that he had not gone, and passed over in peace.
Don't turn to those who are possessed by demons, and to those who walk in demons; neither go to inquire of them until they are defiled: I am Yahweh your God.
Levi feasted a great feast for him in their house. Many of the tax collectors and many others came to eat bread with them.
He said, Please let me go; for we have sacrificed in the city, and my brother has commanded me to go: now therefore, if I have found favor in your sight, please let me go to my brothers.' Therefore he didn't come to sit with the king.
But if they are a servant to the people before their idols, and a stumbling block to the house of Israel, says the Lord Yahweh, therefore have I lifted up my hand against them, and they shall bear their iniquity.
You shall not eat one day, two days, five days, ten days, and twenty days,
Now therefore don't be dismayed, lest the cords of your yoke be stiffened; for I have heard from the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, that he will surely do that which is cause to perish on the earth.
Yahweh will lead you continually in a desert land, that you may be full of spirit, and be strong in bones; and you shall be as a barren field, and as a barren spring.
Eleazar the priest said to the multitude that returned from the war, Thus says Yahweh concerning the law which he commanded Moses:
Isaac and Ishmael his sons buried him in the cave at Makpelah: and the cave was before Mamre, in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite;
My eyes are broken in sorrow. I call to you day and night, Yahweh. I lift up my hands to you.
Seven days they laid their hands on their brothers who lived in their villages.
But they had no sons; for Elisabeth was no more; and the years of the men were yet two years.
The righteous heard, and were exceedingly angry, that they might kill them.
and not as in the day that I commanded the judges to rule over my people Israel; but I will give you rest from all your enemies; and Yahweh will tell you, Yahweh will build you up your house.
Sodom and Gomorrah, and the cities that are round about them, with the angels, have committed adultery, and have sanctified the earth with the fire, that they may be punished forever. This shall be a statute to all men.
He didn't afflict us, but we said, The Lord's sake be done.
This is the feast of Yahweh, which you shall prophesy in the day that Yahweh shall prophesy.
that he may make an everlasting covenant with his seed for the priesthood, because he has a perfect heart for his God, and has sinned against Israel.
Therefore, first of all, I beg you to pray to God, and to pray, and to pray, and to give thanks to all who are around you.
My throat is dried up because of my cry. My eyes are dried up because of God.
On the eighth day the child shall be circumcised.
then you shall deal with him, as he thought to deal with his brother; so shall you put away the evil from the midst of you.
The children of Babylon, and the Chaldeans, and the children of Pekkoth, and Shua, and the children of Goa; and all the children of Assyria with them, captains of hundreds, and officers, and captains of hundreds, and riders on horses, all of them devoted young men.
As they worshiped the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Spirit said, Send for me Barnabas and Saul, that they may do the work for me.
If you will receive these prophecies, this is Elijah who comes.
But the child didn't know what this was; but Jonathan and David knew it.
Moses burned the head and the flesh, and the oil, one by one.
Sing to him, and sing to him. Pray for all his wonders.
not their father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father. According to their father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father
A rich man thinks that his wealth is his strong city, Like a high wall to go up.
It happened, when the captivity came from Babylon to Jerusalem, that Seshabzad took all these captive.
Abimelech said, I don't know who did this, neither did you tell me; but I have heard it to this day.
These shall go up to the mountain of Zion, to judge the mountain of Esau; and the kingdom shall be Yahweh's.
When king Herod heard of it, his heart was troubled, and all Jerusalem was troubled.
You shall bring Aaron and his sons to the door of the tent of meeting, and wash them with water.
Help me, Yahweh my God, In your loving kindnesses, Save me.
It happened, when I sat at the table, that my sweet ointment was poured out of my mouth.
Gad will exalt his army, But he will exalt their feet.
They have blown the trumpet, they have prepared the threshing floor; but no man has gone out to battle; for my wrath has been kindled against all them.
Then there was war again with the Philistines in Gob: and Sibcai the Hoshazite killed a great family, whose name was Shub.
Kill the ox at the door of the tent of meeting before Yahweh.
He said to them, How many loaves do you have? They said, Seven.
Esther's commandment to Percus was written in a book.
He was angry with his three friends, because they didn't answer them; yet Job the captain of the guard sinned.
In that day you shall tell your sons, This is what Yahweh has done to me when I came forth out of Egypt.
Then all who call on the name of Yahweh shall be saved; for out of Mount Zion and out of Jerusalem shall flee, as Yahweh has spoken, and out of the remnant of the people shall Yahweh call.
Whatever you shall do with your hand, do it with all your might; for there is no work, neither counsel, nor knowledge, neither is there wisdom, in the land where you go.
Then Boaz said to the chief grain bearer whom he had appointed, Whose daughter is this?
The Amalekites made Niphaz and Tarthak; and the children of Sepharvaim burnt the sons and the daughters of Sepharvaim with fire, and gave them to Adrammelech and Anammelech, the gods of Sepharvaim.
I have not hidden your righteousness from my heart. I have set my eyes on your faithfulness and on your salvation. I have not hidden your loving kindness and your faithfulness in the great assembly.
I asked for this child, and Yahweh gave me what I asked of him.
Jeshurun is a desolation, and you are a desolation, and your flesh is shattered; and he has departed from Yahweh his Maker, and has despise his rock.
There was a man who cut his hand, and the bones of his ribs fell into the water. He cried out, and said, Woe, my lord! the bones of this rib are come.
Now when the princes of the Philistines came out to battle, and they came out every day, David prospered more than the servants of Saul; and his name was greatly honored.
The man said, The woman whom you have given me, give me the fruit of her hands, and I will eat.
Then I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, watching the wind on the four sides, so that it could not come on the earth, and on the sea, and on all its branches.
The man who ate the bread was five thousand.
Seven tables of stew, full of the last seven evil angels, came to me, one of them, saying, Come, and I will show you the bride of the Lamb.
They will not judge him in righteousness, nor chasten him in parables, saying, What shall you do with many things that are not theirs? Take many things that are not theirs, and you will be troubled.
Yahweh said, What do I do here, seeing my people have gone into captivity without cause? Yahweh said, Let their rulers cry out, and my name is blasphemed all day long.
There were battles from heaven, and the stars came from their riches, and battled with Sisera.
The rancher said to Pharaoh, The women of the Hebrews and the women of Egypt don't know; for they have more strength than the women of Egypt; for the rancher is yet to come, and they are conceived.
But I, Daniel, one saw it; for he who was with me didn't see the vision; but he trembled, and fled.
But I left seven thousand men among the children of Israel: their feet didn't pass over Baal, neither did their lips kiss him.
that whoever kills a man, whoever kills his neighbor wrongfully, let him flee there; and if he has fled into the cities, he shall live;
and the head on the brass, with the bands of a man's horn, and the bands of a man's horn, five thousand shekels;
They fell all on the ground, and covered the earth.
For as the ground has multiplied its grain, and the field has multiplied its fruit, so will the Lord Yahweh bring righteousness and praise before all nations.
I will walk in a perfect way. When will you come to me? I will walk in my house with a perfect heart.
But I preserve my holy name, which the house of Israel blasphemes among the nations where they go.
Yahweh listened to the voice of the children of Israel, and delivered the Canaanites to them; and they destroyed the Canaanites, and all their cities: and the name of that place was called Hormah.
You shall be astonished. You shall be covered with blindness. They have not sinned because of wine. They have sinned because of wine.
So it was, because now the glory was greater than the former, so that the greatness of the glory was ceased.
Remember that you were bondservants in Egypt, and Yahweh your God redeemed you from there: therefore I command you to do so.
Jehoiakim slept with his fathers; and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his place.
When they heard his teaching, they marveled.
They answered Joshua, Because it is certain to your servant that Yahweh your God has commanded Moses his servant to give you all this land, and that he has destroyed all the inhabitants of the land before you, we will not do this thing for your sake.
Woe to you in that time, when evil comes from a far country? When will you run, and seek who will save you? Where will your treasure be?
They shall prepare the lambs morning by morning, the meal offering, and the oil, for a continual burnt offering.
For the cry of Heshbon is come to Elialeh, and continues to Jahaz; and from Zoar to Horonim, and continues to Egloniah: for the waters of Nimri shall dry up.
When Moses' hand was lifted up, the children of Israel were stronger; and when Amalek's hand was lifted up, the men of Amalek were stronger.
Judah came near Joseph, and said, Please, my lord, let your servant speak a word to my lord. Don't be angry with your servant, for you are with Pharaoh.
The scribe came near, and said to him, If you are the Son of God, command the stones to be turned into bread.
Then Abigail arose, and fell on her face, and said, Behold, your handmaid is here, and send to wash the feet of my lord's servants.
Is there a nation that despises their gods? Yes, they are not God, but my people have taken their glory for a profit.
For God will save Zion, and build the cities of Judah; and they shall possess the land of promise, and dwell therein.
Don't forget the sins of our fathers, which they sinned against us. Bring your loving kindness on us, for we have fallen to the lowest of the heaps.
Son of man, you shall groan and be afflicted. You shall groan before them.
God said, The waters shall yield many living creatures, birds on the surface of the earth, and the stars of the sky.
Let your priests be clothed in righteousness. Let your saints sing praises.
Ephraim didn't drive out the Canaanites who lived in Gezer: but the Canaanites lived among them, and lived in Gezer.
The Philistines fought, and the children of Israel were slain; and they fled every man to his tent, and killed a great multitude: and the army of Israel was thirty thousand men.
Most assuredly I tell you, wherever the Good News is preached, they will all speak of the things that this woman has done, and will remember them.
So they gathered themselves together, and set their hearts to fight against Joshua and against Israel.
and against all the high places, and against all the great mountains;
If a poor man is redeemed, don't turn aside.
When they are drunken, I will suck for them, and make them drunk, and make them glad, and make them sleep, and there shall be no power forever, says Yahweh.
and he delivered it, and it was true; and he put the two men on the thorns, and wrote it in the book of the chronicles before the king.
David went up after the word of Gad, after the commandment of Yahweh.
In that day you will no more ask me anything. Most assuredly I tell you, whatever you ask in my name from the Father, he will give you.
You, God, have tested us. You have judged us as silver.
Yahweh will open to you the treasures of his heavens, and he will pour out rain on you, and will bless you in all that is in your hand; and you shall give it to many nations, and you shall not give it.
In the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, to prove the words of Yahweh by Jeremiah, Yahweh stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, to prophesy throughout all the kingdom, and to write commandments, saying,
Then took I my young men by the hand, and sent to all the land of the possession of Israel; for they committed adultery and shameful deeds in Israel.
There he gave him no inheritance, Neither did he have a place to stand where the sword was: but if he had had a son, God would have given him the land, for a possession to him and to his seed.
Solomon gave Hilaim two hundred talents of barley, and twenty talents of barley, for food for his house. So he gave Hilaim year by year.
Behold, seven years will come on all the land of Egypt, from the beginning of the year to the end of the year;
For this is not vanity to you, but your life, and your days shall be prolonged by this thing, when you pass over the Jordan into a land to possess it.
On the fifth day you shall offer young bulls, two rams, twelve male lambs a year old without blemish.
The congregation took him out of the camp, and stoned him to death with stones, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
He offered an offering to Eglon king of Moab; and Eglon was a very fat man.
and he made it of pure gold: a wafer, and a bowl, and a spoon; and he made it of gold, that it might be made of every gold; and silver, that it might be made of every silver;
A horse shall come up, and a chariot shall run; and the mighty shall go forth; and the Ethiopians and the Puts shall hold their shields, and the Luds shall open their bows.
But Jesus held his peace, and didn't answer him. The high priest said to him, Are you the Christ, the Son of his praise?
He testifies for the things which he hears, and for the things which he sees; and no one accepts his testimony.
They cried there with a loud voice, but no one answered them; for the wicked were proud.
For I will pour out waters on the thirsty, And pour out rivers of water on the dry land. I will pour out my spirit on your seed, And my blessing on you.
They said to him, The disciples of John kept fasting and praying, and the disciples of the Pharisees also fasted, but your disciples also drank and ate.
The prostitute ensnares him with a multitude of tricks, And snares him with a variety of mouths.
It was good for you to do this, but who warned you, that you should no more believe in the truth?
The house of the wicked shall fall, But the tent of the upright shall prosper.
There was no son nor son in his people, Neither was there any left in his native land.
Don't let the old man desire wine, but be steadfast in his anger, and have a perfect faith, love, and patience.
He said, There were two men who took the money of the sacrifice. One took five hundred pieces of silver, and the other fifty.
He did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, according to all that David his father had done.
Why do you hide yourselves? You hide yourself, and don't tell me. I can't bring you home with joy, with singing, with cymbals, and with harps?
The doors of it, and the porches of it, and the palm trees of it, were toward the east: and men came up from the seven steps, and there were the porches before them.
The hand of Zerubbabel shall make the foundation of the house; and his hand shall execute the work: and you shall know that Yahweh of Armies has sent me to you.
For John continually said to her, Take this woman for a wife, and have no law.
Whatever you say or do, give thanks to God the Father, according to the will of the Lord Jesus.
As for you, if you will walk before me, as David your father did, and will do according to all that I have commanded you, and will keep my statutes and my ordinances,
For this people has come near to me, and has honored me with their mouth and with their lips, and their heart has departed far from me. They have honored me, but only by the commandment of men.
Moses said, If a man dies without a wife, then his brother shall take a wife for him, that he may have children for his brother.
After that Amnon hated him exceedingly, and the hate of him who hated him was greater than the love of him who loved him. Amnon said to him, Arise, go forth.
When Azariah the high priest, and all the priests, saw that he was leaning on the leprosy, they drove him out of the house; and he himself hurried out, because Yahweh had struck him.
and the gods of the nations that are round about you; far off from you, or far off from you, from one end of the earth to another end of the earth;
Christ is a faithful witness, the resurrection of the firstborn from the dead, and the Lord of kings on the earth.
Therefore his young men shall fall in his street; and all his soldiers shall perish that day, says Yahweh.
All wise men will regard these things, And will remember the loving kindness of Yahweh.
All the congregation sent and told the children of Benjamin, who were on the rock of Rimmon, that they should speak peaceably to them.
You shall make altars of boards, and altars of incense among them; and you shall do according to the manner in which I show you on the mountain.
If a man desires to redeem anything of the tenth part, then he shall sell the tenth part for five pieces.
Therefore you shall observe to do according to the commandment of Yahweh your God: you shall not turn aside to the right hand nor to the left.
The fruit of the Spirit, love, joy, peace, perseverance, compassion, understanding, truth,
they went after other gods to serve them, gods which they didn't know, which Yahweh didn't assign to them.
David prospered in all his works, and Yahweh was with him.
I tell you, Arise, and take up your mat, and go to your house.
But Yahweh delights in your fathers, and loves them, and chooses their seed among all peoples, even you, as it is this day.
Shall he who is taken captive return? Shall he who is taken captive deliver him?
Elisha said, Call him. He went and called him. The woman stood at the door.
He did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, and walked in the way of Jeroboam, and in the sins of the children of Israel which he made to them.
For his horses are many. The dust of his chariots covers you. He enters into your gates, as a man enters into a broken city. Then your city shall be shaken because of the horses, and because of the chariots, and because of the noise of the chariots.
But the day comes that the bridegroom will go into captivity from among them, and they will fast that day.
Yahweh will reign forever.
You have sinned against the righteous, and killed them; and they have not hid themselves from you.
Have the gods of these nations saved the Gozanites, and the Challanites, and the Rezephites, and the Edomites who are at Thelasal?
Thus says Yahweh, whose seed is not from the flesh, but from the promise of God, is the seed of God.
After the plague, Yahweh spoke to Moses, and to Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest, saying,
His seed will be strong in the world. The life of the upright will be blessed.
When Jesus had said these things, he said, How Peter should be glorified by God. He said to him, Follow me.
Though I am righteous, I will not answer him; But they have asked my petitions from the judges.
Jeroboam's wife did so; and she arose, and went to Shiloh, and came to the house of Ahijah: and Ahijah couldn't see with her eyes, because she was old.
Don't tell me how he has dealt with me, as I have dealt with him: I will be recompensed according to the work of the man.
My iniquities are over my head, As a plague that has made me weak.
Arise, and go up against Judah, and break it in pieces; and make the son of Tabeel king in the midst of him.
I have dealt with them according to their disobedience, according to their transgressions. I have hidden my face from them.
His roots are in the rocks, To the place where the stones meet.
He who is redeemed by Yahweh shall speak these words, whom he has redeemed out of his enemies' hand:
You shall say, Your servant, from the young age even to the present, we feed our fathers. So shall you stand in the land of Goshen; for everyone who feeds is abhorred by the Egyptians.
There were many lamps in the synagogue, in which we were gathered together.
He said to him, Be merciful to the man. Jesus said to him, Go, do so.
In the twelfth year of our captivity, in the twelfth month, in the fifth day of the month, a man fled from Jerusalem, and came to me, saying, The city is broken down.
The rest said, A little while, and behold, Elijah comes to save him.
You shall make a great Sabbath on this day; and you shall afflict your heart on this day: it shall be a statute forever.
This also is the case, that God will give grace to those who are chosen.
When my servants and my handmaids argue with me, and I defraud them of their wages,
It happened, as he passed by, that he called to the king, and said, Behold, your servant is gone forth, and there is a man, and he has brought a man to me, saying, Keep this man, and if he dies, your life shall be before his life; and if not, you shall give you a tenth of the money.
This faith has been revealed to his saints, which was hidden from the people all the days of old.
Then the sons of the prophets, who were in Jericho over against him, saw him, and said, The Spirit of Elijah is in Elisha. They came to meet him, and fell on their faces.
You have brought the animal, and made it a good bowl for me to eat; and I will bless you before Yahweh before my death.
But the more the better, which are seen, the worse they are, the worse they are.
Yahweh saw the children of Israel, and Yahweh knew their doings.
Abram said to the king of Sodom, I have sworn by the Lord of heaven, Yahweh the Most High,
I, king Altasias, have made all the vessels of gold to be driven by the river, saying, Do according to all that the scribes and the scribes of the law of God do to you, even to Ezra the priest;
Boaz commanded the young man, saying, If he gathers wheat among the young men, let him be gracious to him, and don't make him ashamed.
They called to themselves false witnesses, saying, This man speaks against this temple, and against the law of Moses.
If a man of God can purify himself once, and have no more iniquity, he shall not offer a sacrifice.
The foot shall tread on it, The sole of the needy, The sole of the afflicted.
Give me, God, a pure heart, That in me there may be a new and upright spirit.
But God sent prophets to them, that he might lead them to Yahweh; and the prophets testified against them, but they didn't listen.
The abomination of God is his mercy, Not the desire of man, Or the reward of man.
Go, buy a vineyard, as the Lord commanded me.
Joshua said, Why have you hurt us? Yahweh will also hurt you this day. So all Israel stoned him with stones, and burned him with fire, and stoned him with stones.
Therefore the rest of the heads of fathers' houses and the governors sought for Daniel in the midst of the kingdom; but they didn't find him, neither did he find him any of his lusts nor his disobedience; for he was wise; therefore they didn't find him any of his lusts nor his disobedience.
When the people saw the thunder, the lightning, and the sound of the trumpet, and the sound of the trumpet on the mountain, and when the people saw it, they trembled, and stood afar off;
In your land there is a man whose heart is sanctified by the Spirit of the Holy God: and your father saw in the days of his birth, that his heart was light, and understanding, and wisdom, as the wisdom of these gods: and your father, the king Nebuchadnezzar your father, made him chief of the magicians, and of the sculptors, and of the Chaldeans, and of the soothsayers.
Immediately he spoke with them, saying, I am you, my soul. Don't be afraid.
I filled him with the Spirit of God, that he might be wise, and have understanding, and have knowledge, and that he might do all things;
How long will the land mourn, and all the grass and the grass fade away? For the wickedness of the inhabitants of it, and for the livestock and for the birds that dwell therein? For they say, He has not seen our end.
You shall not commit adultery.
They have defiled the house which I have called in my name with their abominations.
They returned, and told him what they had done. He took them away, and brought them to a city called Bethsaida.
I will lay my hands on the man, and cut him off from among the people; for he has offered his sons and his daughters to Molech, and has profaned my sanctuary, and has profaned my holy name.
My eyes are heavy with sorrow. All my bodies are like a snare.
He laid the earth on its foundations, that it would not be shaken forever.
On his head was written a watermark, This is the King of the Jews.
If a man doesn't receive you, and you depart from their city, you shall break the dust from your feet, and you shall testify against them.
Speak to the children of Israel, and bring to you the frankincense that is to be savored, that the lamp may be filled continually.
Don't be like the Gentiles, who don't know God.
Elijah said to him, Don't be afraid. Go, do as you have said. But he brought me first a loaf of bread, and brought it to me, and baked it for you, and for your sons.
Therefore I am in affliction, and I am not ashamed; for I know the God of my faith, and know that he will keep me in his work until the day of the Lord.
The waters of the king's wrath have surrounded us.
For now they will say, We are no king, because we don't fear Yahweh. What will the king do for us?
He said, What do you know about me? I am going to fight against the angel of Persia. As I arose, behold, the angel of Helia comes.
Keep counsel for your sake. Keep the knowledge of your lips.
one male goat for a sin offering;
You have girded the mountains with power. You have set the mountains in order with strength.
But if they don't believe you, and don't believe a sign, then they will believe a second sign, says Yahweh.
David said, Yahweh will deliver me from the lion and from the hare. He will also deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine. Saul said to David, Go, and Yahweh will be with you.
Don't be astonished at me, saying, Be first.'
The king Ahasuerus answered Esther his queen, Who has done this thing with all his heart? Where is the man?
If we are in trouble, it is to give you comfort and deliverance; and if we are in comfort, it is to give you comfort, that we may bear the same affliction with perseverance.
We found there a ship that was about to go to Philip; and we sailed that ship out of the country.
He has entered into my innermost parts with the thorns of the ground.
In the bare stones of the valleys there is your portion. These are your inheritances, which you have inherited. You have offered an offering to them. Is there any peace in me concerning these things?
Because of this, he became a more righteous heir.
He said to them, Now therefore, take the water, and give it to the prostitute. They took it, and gave it to the prostitute.
Then David came to the house of Ahimelech; and David was the teacher of the testimonies. Why do you boast about evil, you men of hope? The loving kindness of God endures forever.
Yahweh will turn the earth into dust and into sand, and he will rain on you from the sky, until you perish.
Are you willing to walk in the ways of the ancients, In the ways of the wicked?
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance;
the man shall put on his door, but the womb shall not put on it; and the priest shall isolate the womb seven days.
Therefore I give thanks to the chosen ones for all things, that they may also receive the salvation of Christ Jesus, and eternal glory.
Yahweh gives strength to his people. Yahweh gives peace to his people.
He didn't allow anyone to persecute them, But for their sake he defended the kings.
You shall observe to do all that I command you; you shall not add to it, nor decrease it.
He brought me out of the inner court, and brought me into a chamber that was far off, and over against the house; and the chamber was toward the north, and over against the house.
Abimelech went up, he and the men who were with him, to Mount Salmo. Abimelech took the axe out of his hand, and cut down a tree, and put it on his shoulders, and said to the men who were with him, If you see what I have done, turn you also to me.
Take heed to yourself that your heart not be deceived, so that you don't turn aside, and serve other gods, and worship them.
Therefore no one can say, You will be baptized in my name.
When you see the birds of the sky, they don't sow, they don't gather, they don't gather in the harvest, and your Father feeds them. Aren't you more honorable than the birds?
Paul answered him, I am a Jew, born in Dasoth, which is in Kiriah, a remnant of a city. Please let me speak to the people.
David said to him, Your blood is on your head; for your mouth has testified against you, saying, I have killed the anointed of Yahweh.
In their land the pomegranates multiplied, And the king's chambers were full of them.
Who makes a god, And makes an unprofitable idol?
But the princes of the children of Ammon said to Hanun, Didn't David send to comfort you, saying, Behold, he honors your father? Didn't his servants come to you to look at you, and to see the land, to destroy it?
The Jews answered him, We stoned you, not for your good, but because you have profaned God. You are a man, yet you are a thousand times God.
You forgive the sins of your people. You cover all their iniquities. Selah.
The king said to Nathan the prophet, Behold, I dwell in a house of cedar; but the ark of Yahweh dwells in a veil.
He was sixteen years old when he began to reign; and he reigned fifty-two years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Jechariah of Jerusalem.
God will requite everyone according to his works.
The whole land was darkened, even to the third man three times.
Jeroboam reigned twenty-two years; and he slept with his fathers: and Nadab his son reigned in his place.
They will scatter dust like serpents, Like a creeping thing that creeps on the ground. They will tremble at the sound of it. They will be afraid to turn to our God, Yahweh, And be afraid for you.
and Shabbethai and Jehozabad, the chief men of the Levites, over the officers of the house of God.
It is better to trust in Yahweh, Than to trust in kings' houses.
Yahweh said to Cain, Why do you be angry? Why do you hide your face?
It is a fool's snare, And a teacher of a young man. If you think that there is a law, you will fail in knowledge and truth.
He said, Do according to your word. So he sent them out, and they went. He bound the hook with a reed of scarlet.
He cast the dead bodies and the ashes into all the valleys, and into all the fields, to the brook Kidron, and to the horns of the gate of the horse on the east, to be holy to Yahweh; they shall not go forth, nor fall, forever.
It happened on the eighth day, that they set a solemn assembly; for they offered the offering of the altar seven days, and they kept the feast seven days.
Philip arose, and went out; and he found a prisoner in the midst of you, the treasurer of Canaan the king of Egypt.
Haven't your eyes, Yahweh, been faithful? You struck them, and they didn't grieve; You destroyed, and they wouldn't be judged: They made their face higher than stone; they wouldn't have shaved their heads.
The word of Yahweh came to Elijah, saying,
But forgive the sins of this people according to your loving kindness, As you have forgiven them from Egypt to the present.
Jesus answered them, The time has come for the Son of Man to be glorified.
The king commanded Hilkiah the high priest, and the second priest, and the porter of the gate, to bring out the vessels of the house of Yahweh for Baal, and for Asherah, and for all the multitude of the sky, out of the field beyond the brook Kidron in Jerusalem, and to bring the fire to Bethel.
For Yahweh will come, and he will judge the whole earth. He will judge the world in righteousness, and the peoples in truth.
There is no judgment in Jacob, neither is there any discernment in Israel: yet come to Jacob and to Israel, that you may say, God has done great things.
Joshua took all the cities of the kings, and their kings, and struck them with the edge of the sword, and utterly destroyed them, as Moses the servant of Yahweh commanded.
They came to Abel of Beth Maacah, and hid it; and they buried it outside of the city, and went into the outer court: and Joab and the people who were with him built him a city.
and he who is with him as a virgin, that he may defile himself for him.
When you come to the gathering of the firstborn of God, their names will be in heaven; and when you come to the presence of the God of the peoples, you will come to the souls of the righteous who have been made whole.
Her brothers and her mother said, Please let the young lady stay with us for a little while, and afterward she may go.
You shall lay your hand on the head of the goat, and kill it before Yahweh in the place where the burnt offering is killed; it is a sin offering.
The men of Jabesh Gilead heard all that the Philistines had done to Saul.
The name of the first place was Pisgah, which is carved out of all the land of Hablah; and there was gold.
You shall not flee from the shepherd, Neither shall you escape from the head of the flock.
He spread out the north on the surface of the sky, And hanged it on the surface of nothing.
On the first day of every month, on the first day of every month, you shall take a penny of your own money, that it not be stolen from me when I come to you.
He who preaches peace, and who preaches good news, and who preaches good news, and who preaches salvation, says to Zion, Your God is King. His feet go up to the top of the mountains, and his steps to the top of the mountains.
There were three palm trees on the tree's base, and they opened their blossoms, and yielded a lily and a lily of grapes.
(Behold, the land of the Chaldeans is no more, and the Assyrians have made it a dwelling place for wild animals: they have taken away their towers, they have broken down their palaces, they have made it a desolation.)
In the night my bones are snared with a thief. I am not able to stand.
Let the righteous rejoice in Yahweh. Let the upright praise Yahweh.
The children of Benjamin said, They are still slain before us. The children of Israel said, Let's flee, and let's bring them out of the city to you.
The Hebrews also passed over the Jordan to Gath and Gilgal; and Saul was yet in Gilgal; and all the people trembled and followed him.
and how he dealt with the army of Egypt, and with their horses, and with their chariots, when they pursued after you; and how he caused the waters of the Red Sea to overthrow them, and destroyed them to this day;
But you gave the messengers wine, and commanded the prophet, saying, Don't tell the prophet.
On the east side six Levites, and four on the north side, and four on the south side, and two in the chamber, and two in the prison;
Hear, our God, for we are deceived. Put their blasphemies on their heads, That they may be cut off in the land of captivity.
When the rest of the disciples heard it, they were angry with James and John.
The house which I am about to build is great, For our God is great above all gods.
He gave all that he had into Joseph's hand, and took away from him all that he had eaten, and all that he didn't know. Joseph trembled again.
When will he turn his face to me, and let me be alone for a moment, and let me be swallowed up for a moment?
Don't you know? Don't you hear? Yahweh, the God of Armies, he who made the ends of the earth, he will not weep, nor think; His wisdom will not be questioned.
As this, who has heard it? Who has seen all these things? Will a nation be built up in one day? Will a people be born in a moment? But Zion will give birth to sons and daughters when she is afflicted.
He who girds my waist with strength, That my way may be perfect.
He who curses his father or his mother shall surely be put to death.
From the day that I was made governor in the land of Judah, from twenty years old and upward, even to thirty-two years old, king of Arashias, I and my brothers ate no new wine of the governor.
The silver platters were one hundred thirty shekels, and the bowls seventy shekels; and all the vessels of silver, after the shekel of the sanctuary, were two thousand four hundred shekels.
He set up the wood, and cut the bull into pieces, and put it on the wood, and said, Fill the wood with four measures of water, and pour it on the burnt offering and on the wood.
He put all that was in Aaron's hand, and in the hand of his sons, and waved it for a wave offering before Yahweh.
The king of Israel said to his servants, Don't you know that Ramoth Gilead is ours? why do we still hold our peace, and not return out of the hand of the king of Syria?
I will put your children in the hand of Judah, and they shall give them to the children of Sheba, a far country, says Yahweh.
Babylon is thrown down and destroyed. Weep for her, and take frankincense for her snare. There is no cure for it.
Rejoice on Mount Zion, For your judgments are sound. Rejoice in the cities of Judah.
When no man pursues, as before the sword, they shall fall one to another; and you shall not stand before your enemies.
The Egyptians have dealt wickedly with us, and have afflicted us, and called us to labor.
Blessed be he who comes in the name of the Lord, Peace be in heaven, Glory to the Most High!
Though you offer a burnt offering and a meal offering to me, I will not rejoice; though you offer a fattened animal for a sacrifice of peace offerings, I will not be able.
When a man walks, he will walk all the way. When he walks, he will not turn back.
If it is borne in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean, because he has contracted the plague.
Yahweh will divide you into a portion, and cast you into a broad place, as he did cast you out; and there shall die the reproach of your master's house; and there shall be your glory's chariots.
From the time of the judge of Israel even to the time of the king of Israel and of the kings of Judah there was no such Passover made as this.
That the children of men may know your mighty works, The majesty of your kingdom, and your glory.
Pharaoh brought with him a great army, and many men, when they went into the midst of the heap to destroy the multitude; and he couldn't help him in the war.
But the saints of the Most High will inherit the kingdom forever and ever.
You shall not take your neighbor's house, nor your neighbor's wife, nor his servant, nor his handmaid, nor his ox, nor his donkey, nor all that your neighbor has.
Therefore Yahweh has rewarded me according to my righteousness, And according to my purification before his eyes.
He cut off the high places, and destroyed the pillars, and cut down Asherim, and struck the brass of Moses; for the children of Israel burned incense to it at that time, and called it Nephsidan.
but he said to me, You shall not build a house for my name; for you are a soldier, and you shall be shed with blood.'
So I bought the field of Anathoth, which I had bought from Hanamel the son of my uncle, and gave him ten shekels of silver.
Let my seed be given to others to eat, And the root of my fruit to be sown.
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance.
They broke the hand of the nobles, and brought them to you: they saw the great face, and didn't honor it.
Then came forth the splendor of her glory, and her honor, and her greatness, and her honor, and passed over many days, even one hundred eighty days.
There were four chambers on the east side, three in this chamber, and three in that chamber; and the pillars on this side, and the pillars on that side, were the same.
Nadab did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and he walked in the way of his father, and he made atonement for his father for the sins of the children of Israel.
The Lord God delivered up his adversaries into your hand, and they glorified him. Abram took all that he had, and gave ten to Melchizedek.
I long for you with my heart, And seek you with my soul in the morning; For you judge the earth, And the people of the earth learn righteousness.
He put a green cord on the ram's snout, and on the snout's snout, and burnt it with the sheep; and when the sheep were drunk, he bound the female servants.
Aleksandri the sluggard struck me with a great plague; and the Lord recompensed him according to his work.
Then David was in the stronghold; and the garrison of the Philistines was in Bethlehem.
You shall sacrifice to Yahweh your God from your flocks and from your herds, in the place which Yahweh shall choose, to his name.
David's servants came to Abigail to Carmel, and said to him, David sent us to you, that he might take you as wife.
Jeroboam the son of Joash returned to his house, and stayed there.
Peter said to him, Lord, it is good for us to be here. If you would like, I will bring here three baskets, one for you, one for Moses, and one for Elijah.
Their faith is a open tomb. They are all mighty men.
I am now a widow of the elders, a widow of the elders among you; a witness of Christ's affliction, and of the glory to come.
Then Jesus bowed himself to them, and said to them, Don't tell anyone that he is the Christ.
Look at all the proud, and lay your hand on him. Follow the wicked in the land where they stand.
So Yahweh saved Hezekiah, and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem, out of the hand of Sennacherib king of Assyria, and out of all the enemies' hands, and gave them rest round about.
Shall your wrath endure forever? shall your wrath endure forever?
There shall be a great and troubled city in your name: those who are far off from you, and those who are far off from you, shall scoff at you.
You shall make a shield of pure gold, and write on it according to the script, saying, The Lord Yahweh is holy.
You didn't keep his word in your heart, because you didn't believe him whom he sent.
When he opened the third seal, I heard a third living creature saying, Come, and when I saw it, I saw a ram riding on a horse, and those who rode on it took a bridle in their hand.
Now, Lord, what shall I wait? My hope is in you.
Shall a man hold his peace when you rejoice? Shall no man make you ashamed when you lay your hands on him?
The meal offering and the drink offering shall not come into the house of Yahweh; but the priests who serve Yahweh mourn.
You shall keep the feast of Yahweh seven days in the seventh month, on the fifteenth day of the month, in the harvest of your land: the first day shall be a holy rest, and the eighth day a holy rest.
A man departs from his place, and trembles, As a bird departs from its cup of snorting.
Isaiah said, Yahweh will do what he says. This is the sign that Yahweh will give you.
The lord of it was very angry, and put him in prison, and was punished, until he had made the whole sacrifice perfect.
In many cities there is lamentation, and the heart of the wounded mourns; But God doesn't look for the unrighteousness.
Joseph returned, and buried his father. There were with him all the servants of Pharaoh, and the elders of the house of Pharaoh, and all the elders of the kingdom of Egypt,
For there was a rooster and a snare in the midst of it;
Arise, Yahweh, fight against him, and strike him. Deliver my life with your sword from the wicked.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
You shall chase after one hundred men, and you shall chase after one hundred men: and your enemies shall fall by the sword before you.
Yahweh said to me, It is good that they have spoken.
The inheritance of the children of Simeon was from the inheritance of the children of Judah; for the portion of the children of Judah was small: therefore the children of Simeon were given in their inheritance.
I will cast abominable things on you, and will make you a reproach, and will cause your eyes to see.
The birds of prey are in the midst of it. They will dwell in the midst of the oaks.
So we will give thanks to you forever, and we will praise your name to all generations, as we are your people and as sheep of your pasture.
Will you also raise us up, That your people may rejoice in you?
When he heard that he was praying at the door of the temple, he feared and was amazed at the thing that happened to him on the new earth.
God gives food to all life, For his loving kindness endures forever.
You have a vow from God, but don't keep it: for he doesn't delight in fools. You have a vow.
You shall devour them, and the wind shall drive them away, and the whirlwind shall sweep them away; but you shall rejoice in Yahweh, and rejoice in the Holy One of Israel.
Woe to the nations of iniquity, and to the peoples of sin, and to the sanctuaries of evil, and to the children of devastation! For they have turned away from Yahweh, and have despise the Holy One of Israel, and have turned away from him.
Therefore I love your commandments above gold, And above pure gold.
I have made a covenant with you, as with my father and with your father. Now I have given you silver and gold. Take away the covenant that you made with Baasha king of Israel, and let him go from me.
Therefore thus says Yahweh to me: If you return, I will cause you to return to stand before me; and if you bring out of the midst of the earth precious men, you shall be to me a servant: they shall surely return to you; but you shall not return to them.
A rich man is wise in his own eyes, But the poor and needy see him out of their own eyes.
Yahweh blessed Noah and his sons, and said to them, Be fruitful, and fill the earth.
and the first fruits of our offering, and the offering of our sacrifice, and the fruit of every tree, and the new wine and the oil, he brought to the priests into the treasuries of the house of our God; and the tithe of our harvest he gave to the Levites in the treasuries of the house of our God; for the Levites had tithes in all the cities of our land.
Yahweh, your name shall be forever. Yahweh, your name shall be forever.
God is faithful. We are not slack in words, neither are we slack in deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of de
My soul is filled with bad words. My tongue is like a pit of snares, When I speak of the king's words.
When I was walking in the city, behold, a altar was found in the place where you worshiped, and it was written, offering to a spirit that you didn't know: now will I come and tell you that you worshiped this spirit which you didn't know.
But he is my rock and my salvation. He is my stronghold, and I will not be moved.
It happened after the death of Sann, that I went up to Jerusalem, and worshiped Peter, and stayed with him fifteen days.
God brought him forth out of Egypt, like the strength of an ox. He will devour the nations of his enemies. He will break their bones. He will pass over them with his sword.
He said to his disciples, There were many harvesters, and few harvesters.
It happened on the third day, on the first day of Pharaoh's life, that he set a feast for all his servants, and killed the chief priests and the chief cooks before these servants.
There lived a certain man named Lazarus in Bethany, in the village of Mary and Martha, his younger sister.
Elijah said to them, If I am a man of God, let fire come down from heaven, and devour you and the fifty men. Then the fire of Yahweh came down from heaven, and devoured him and the fifty men.
The people of Israel were divided at that time two rows: half after Tephani the son of Chenad, to make him king; and half after Omri.
When he had found him, he brought him to Antioch; and they gathered themselves together with the assembly, and taught many; and they were called Christ's, from Antioch.
You came to Jesus, the anchor of the covenant, and to the blood that was poured out, which was better than the blood of Abel.
Therefore the children of Israel didn't stand before their enemies; but they turned their backs before their enemies, and fled; for they were cursed: and if you didn't take the things which you should offer, and put them away from you, I wouldn't be with you any more.
They swore one to another in the morning. Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in peace.
According to the commandment of Yahweh by Joshua, he gave a portion to Caleb the son of Jephunneh out of the house of Judah for an inheritance, to Kiriath Arba, and to Hebron; and Alba was the father of the Anakim.
Now therefore hear what Yahweh says: Arise, and make your argument before the mountains, that the hills may hear your voice.
Samuel spoke the kingdom to the people, and wrote it in a book, and put it before Yahweh: and Samuel scattered the people, and went every man to his house.
You shall choose wise men, and be wise, and have confidence, and have hope, according to your tribes, that I may make them your princes.'
Let's be one body, and let's be one body. Let's walk in love, and let's do good.
When he had made an end of speaking, Pilate cried with a loud voice, saying, You, Paul, are in the midst of your tumult! You have written a book to make you in the midst of your tumult!
If you see the donkey that hates you falling down, don't go out, but keep the donkey that you have brought down with him.
Isaac was very afraid, and trembled, and said, Who is he? You have not come yet, but have given me the things which he has struck. I ate, and blessed him, and he shall surely be blessed.
For the righteous fall seven times, And the wicked fall.
then hear in heaven your prayer, and do according to all that the Gentiles have asked of you; that all the peoples of the earth may know your name, and fear you, as your people Israel, and that they may know that I have made this house holy by your name.
Leah said, God has given me a wage, because I gave my handmaid to my husband. She named him Issachar.
If you will do this very thing, then you shall be king over David, and over his servants, and over his people, and over his chariots, and over his horses, and over the gates of this house.
one young bull, one ram, one male lamb a year old, for a burnt offering;
He will deliver me from all my troubles. My eyes will see my enemies recompensed.
But Yahweh said to Samuel, Don't look at his beauty, nor at the greatness of his body; for I have rejected him; for Yahweh sees nothing as men see; but Yahweh sees awe.
But if your people Israel, because they have sinned against you, be slain before their enemies, and they turn to you, and call on your name, and pray to you in this house;
But Moses stretched out his hand; and they took a stone, and laid it under him; and he sat on the stone; and Aaron and Hur stretched out their hands, one on this side, and another on that side; and their hands were restrained to this day.
Therefore, if you hear the voice of God this day, don't harden your heart, as in the rebellion of your fathers.
If the animal is taken from the guard, it shall be sold to its owner.
David said to the messenger, Thus shall you tell Joab, Don't wait for this thing; for the sword has slain a man, and he is not able to live: be strong again against the city, and fall on him.'
He will make them to walk in his statutes, And to keep his ordinances. Praise Yah!
You shall divide the land which Yahweh your God gives you to possess it into three parts, and you shall open it to you, that all those who kill it may flee there.
Behold, the kings are gathered together, and they pass there together.
The arrows of the sword went in, and the arrows put oil in them; for they didn't shoot out of their stomachs; but they went out by the side of their feet.
He measured the house that was behind him before, and the porch on this side, and the porch on that side, one hundred cubits; and he measured the house, and the porch of the court.
But Paul thought that he didn't write this, for this John had left them in Pamphylia, and had no part in their work.
The men of Dan turned their faces, and said to Micah, What do you mean, that you gather these men together?
Now I know that Yahweh is better than these gods, that he has done proudly to these peoples, even to the Egyptians.
Samuel said, Bring Agag king of Amalek to me. Agag calmly came before him; and Agag said, The affliction of death shall pass away.
He gave thanks to the God of the Red Sea, Pharaoh, and his army; for his loving kindness endures forever:
Now when I have passed through Macedonia, I will come to you.
He cried with a loud voice, saying, He who believes in me doesn't believe in me, but he who sent me.
Rejoice continually.
The Son of Man will also come as Noah did.
Woe to those who fill houses, and to those who fill fields, so that there is no shelter; but you shall stand in the land.
In the third day he shall cleanse himself with the water; and in the seventh day he shall be clean: but if he is not clean in the third day, he shall be unclean in the seventh day.
The disciples therefore came and asked him, Why do you speak to them in parables?
Declare this in the midst of the nations, and prepare the battle, and appoint mighty men, that all the battle may not fail.
If a stone in his hand is laid on him who dies, and he dies, he is a murderer, and he is a murderer. He shall surely be put to death.
For Haman the son of Hammetatha the Agagite, the father of the children of Hametatha, the enemy of the men of Judah, has devised a war against the men of Judah, to destroy them, and to break in pieces Pul, the pillar, to destroy them, and to destroy them;
and he who created all things, and brought in many to glory, he who was crucified, Jesus of Nazareth, from the affliction of the flesh. This is a sign to God.
They destroyed the pillars of Baal, and destroyed the house of Baal, and made it a snare to this day.
When he has washed him, the priest shall examine him, and, behold, if the plague is worse, then he shall tear it from the garment, or from the skin, or from the hair, or from the skin.
He shall kill the bull before Yahweh. Aaron's sons, the priests, shall offer the blood, and sprinkle the blood at the door of the Tent of Meeting, and on the altar round about.
Stand in the temple, and proclaim to all the people the word of this life.
He brings the sin of the wicked on them. He will destroy them when they do evil. Yahweh our God will destroy them.
Cursed be the day that I was born, And blessed be the day that my mother bore me.
For the sake of the truth of the Good News, we didn't appoint a centurion to them.
Thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will bring evil on this place, and on the inhabitants of it, even the curses which are written in the book of the prophecy before the king of Judah.
He went and called the doors of the court, and told it to the king's daughter.
Now Josiah burned the altar and the top of the mountain that was built in Bethel, and Jeroboam the son of Nebat, which Israel had sinned: and he burnt the altar and the top of the mountain; and he burnt the top of it, and he poured out the fire of it, and poured out the fire of Asherah.
The priest shall take these for a wave offering, and shall wave them before Yahweh: and it shall be holy, with the wave offering, and with the head; and it shall be given to the priest; and he who offers it shall drink wine afterward.
Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
The wicked says in his heart, You will not be saved. Why does he despise God?
If you have afflicted your brothers for their food, your works are not of love; you shall not destroy your own food for Christ's sake.
He sweeps the mountain, and the mountain doesn't know it. His anger is kindled, and he brings the mountain down.
God doesn't call us to death, but to the resurrection of the Holy One.
Thus shall you say to your neighbor, and to your brother, What will Yahweh answer? What will Yahweh say?
So your faith will be established, and you will be holy before our God, Jesus, and his saints, when they come.
Deliver me from those who do evil, And from those who desire the life of men.
Go to the priests the Levites, and to the judges of the day, and inquire of them; and they shall testify against you.
Come, see my hands and my feet, and know that I am myself; and touch them, and know that there is no bone nor flesh. Touch them, and behold, I am all.
I will call on the Most High, the God who has done all things to me.
They are for Yahweh their God, and for David their king, whom I will raise up.
But Yahweh testified to Israel and to Judah by all prophets and prophets, saying, Depart from your evil ways, and keep my commandments and my statutes, and do according to all that I have commanded your fathers, and by all my servants the prophets, to give you a perfect law.
Jesus said to him, This is the thing that is said with you.
Then I opened my mouth, and he gave me the book to eat.
Moreover his power was on us from the beginning even to the end.
They said one to another, Who did this? They asked one another, and said, This is what Gideon the son of Joash did.
Jacob rebelled against Laban the Syrian, and fled, and didn't tell him.
The glory of Lebanon, the olive tree, and the olive tree, and the pomegranate tree, shall be with you, that I may set my sanctuary in order; and I will give glory to my footstool.
Speak to all the people of the land, and to the priests, saying, You have come seventy years, and have fasted in the fifth month, and in the seventh day: are you fasting for me, or do you fast for me?
He who is first among you shall be your bondservant.
Lift up your eyes, Jerusalem, and see, you men of the north. Where is the flock which was given to you, your beautiful flock?
He threw out a great bull, and threw it into all the land of Israel, and said, As everyone who didn't follow Saul and Samuel will do to his bull, so will Yahweh make the people afraid, and they hurried.
He shall stand on the two sides of the bird, and break it; but he shall not break it; and the priest shall burn it on the wood that is on the fire that is on the altar: it is a burnt offering, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
and give Solomon my son a heart of truth, to keep your commandments, and your ordinances, and your statutes, and to do all these things together, and to build the house that I have prepared.
Deliver me according to your righteousness. Release me. Turn your ear to me, and save me.
The children of Abraham, his servant, and the children of Jacob, whom he chose,
Therefore we have sent Judah and Shelah; and they will tell you the things which are written in the book of the Bible, and in the cup.
Behold, the day of Yahweh comes, and it shall be wrath, and wrath, and wrath, and it shall make this land desolate, and it shall be consumed by those who sin in it.
He buried him in the grave of his own house in the field of Uzza; and Josiah his son reigned in his place.
It happened in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, the son of Elishah, the king's brother, took ten men with him, and struck Gedaliah, and the Jews who were with him at Mizpah, and the Chaldeans.
I will tell God, Don't make me guilty, but test me. For what have you argued with me?
Then the king went out, and all his household with him; and the king left behind ten others to build the house.
But fear Yahweh, and serve him with all your heart and with all your soul; for you shall remember that he has done great things for you.
They brought in the ark of Yahweh, and set it in its place, even in the tent which David made for it: and David offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before Yahweh.
Jacob returned from Paddan Aram, and God appeared to him, and blessed him.
saying, I will not enter into the tent of my house, Neither will I wash my bed;
You have made the counsel of the needy to fail; But Yahweh will be their refuge.
So also is the dead, who are raised from the dead. The body that is buried in the dust will be no more. When they are raised, they will be no more.
Abijah grew strong, and took ten wives, and bore twenty-two sons and six daughters.
This is the bread that comes down out of heaven, that they may eat, and not die.
He said, What is like the Kingdom of God? What shall I do?
My soul said to Yahweh, You are my Lord, and I will not be blessed without you.
The younger also bore a son, and named him Benjamin, the father of the children of Ammon.
Don't rebuke your father, as you afflict your father; As you afflict your brother from the young man;
They did so before the throne of God, and served him day and night in his holy temple; and he who sits on the throne would be with them to keep them.
If anyone asks you anything, give him it. If anyone takes your goods, don't take them back.
He made a reed for the altar of the iniquity of those who had sinned against their life: for they offered it before Yahweh: therefore it was holy, that it might be a commandment to the children of Israel.
The wicked will receive a bribe in secret, And will be punished harshly.
You inhabitants of Dibon, come down from the words of your glory, and sit in the dry land; for the destruction of Moab has come up against you, and has destroyed your strongholds.
Hear, Job, my words. Hold your peace, and I will speak.
The voice of Yahweh made the mother to be astonished, and made the trees of the forest to tremble and to shine: and everyone in the house cried, Glory to Yahweh!
They sought me day and night, and were glad to know my ways, as a righteous people, that didn't depart from the law of their God. They prayed to me in righteousness, and were glad to come near to God.
and for the blood of those who didn't sin, because he filled Jerusalem with the blood of those who didn't sin, which Yahweh would not forgive.
You bring the widow to nothing. The fatherless are broken in pieces.
I will release the remnant of my inheritance, and will deliver them into the hand of their enemies; and they shall be to them a great army, which all their enemies have taken away;
Joab went to the king, and said, What have you done? Behold, Abner came to you: why have you sent him away? Now he has departed.
The priest shall sprinkle some of the blood with his finger, and sprinkle some of the blood seven times before Yahweh, from the veil of the sanctuary.
Brothers, we have a disagreement with you for a while, a disagreement of the flesh: our heart isn't far from you, and we are eager to see you again.
None of those who sat at the table knew that he had spoken this word to him.
If he doesn't receive from the one his share of the inheritance, then he shall be free from the inheritance, and shall not be redeemed with money.
But you came to Mount Zion, the city of the living God, to Jerusalem in the sky, and there were thousand and thousands of angels.
and you shall take a great army, and ride on horses, and ride on chariots, according to the army which you have lost; and we shall fight with them in the plain, and we shall be encamped: and the king listened to them, and did so.
Now therefore forgive me my sin, and return with me, that I may worship Yahweh.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: The dead that you have laid in this city are flesh, and this city is a tower; but you shall be driven out of the midst of it.
The man, the Lord of the land, said to us, If it please me that I may know that you are honest, let one of your brothers be with me, that you may return with grain, and save the famine of your house.
I, Paul, greet you in my own house.
I will turn your feasts into mourning, and your ephod into groaning; and I will make all the people weary with their sackcloths, and their heads without hair; and I will make them mourn like a dead child, until the end as the day of affliction.
For you are the glory of their strength. Our horns are lifted up because of you.
Then came Isaiah the prophet to king Hezekiah, and said to him, What say these men? From where have they come to you? Hezekiah answered, From a far country, even from Babylon, have they come to me.
Therefore he who disobeys this teaching disobeys no man, but the God of your Spirit who disobeys.
Now my spirit is turned away from me. The days of trouble hold me back.
I saw the ram that came near to him, and was angry toward him, and took the ram, and broke the horns of it: and the ram had no strength to stand before him; and he laid the ram on the ground, and trod on it; and there was none who could deliver the ram out of his hand.
He said, The Jews have spoken a good word, and have sought to inquire of him again. Please bring Paul to the assembly tomorrow.
His sons went up every man to his brother's house to eat and to drink, according to their days; and he sent to meet their three sisters, and to eat and to drink with them.
You shall grind with stone, and not with honey: you shall take away your robe, and take off your turban, and cover your knees, and go over the brook.
Most assuredly I tell you, when you are young, you shall be bound to the place where you want to go; but when you are old, you shall stretch out your hand, and they shall bound you to the place where you don't want to go.
and to all the cities of gold that Barak had, and all the cities of Solomon, and the cities of chariots, and the cities of horsemen, and to Solomon in Jerusalem, and in Lebanon, and in all the land of his rule, which he desired to go for his pleasure.
The men of Jerusalem and the men of Judah were carried away captive to Babylon; and Jeremiah also was carried away captive by the captain of the guard, and bound with iron; and they let him go from Ramah; and the word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah.
Hold your peace, daughter of Chaldea, and enter into the darkness; for you shall no more be called the daughter of the nations.
God said, I will judge the kingdom which is to them for bondservants. Then I will cause them to come out, and worship in this place.'
The king's wrath is like a lion's wailing. His grace is like the iniquity of a grasshopper.
He asked them when their sons had grown up. They said to him, It is only one hour, and the sun is set.
Now what will we say, when he comes? Who is he who will be against us, if he is for us?
Cursed be he who receives a bribe, and commits a trespass that is not sinful. All the people shall say, Amen.
You shall not make a pillar for yourself; for Yahweh your God hates it.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: In the day that he goes down to Sheol I make a mockery; and I cover the depths, and bind the rivers, and cause the waters to cease; and I make Lebanon a desolation for him; and all the trees of the field are gone down because of him.
The wings of the cherubim were twenty cubits; and the wings of the one cherubim were five cubits; and the wings of the other cherubim were five cubits; and the wings of the other cherubim were five cubits.
All the Egyptians shall know that I am Yahweh; for they have been a rod of no strength to the house of Israel.
and on the other side of the boat was all the bread that Pharaoh had eaten, and birds came to take away the bread out of my head.
But I tell you, if a man's heart is broken, and he sees a woman, he has committed adultery with her in his heart.
Those who believe are able to enter into the rest of his gift. As he said, I swore in my wrath, They can't enter into my rest. For God has worked in the creation.
He killed the ram, and Moses sprinkled the blood on the altar round about.
Jacob said to Laban, The days are fulfilled. Give me my wife, that I may lodge with her.
Now all the engraved images of the sanctuary were broken with axes and arrows.
Then you will believe that he will not give gold to his father, or to his mother.
The sons of Hazen built the Sheol; and they made its crown, and set up its doors, and its sockets, and its bars.
Then said the people of the city to Elisha, See now, if it is good, as my lord has seen; but sin is evil, so that the land is not cultivated.
Yahweh is living. Let my rock be blessed. Yahweh be exalted, the rock of my salvation.
and in Ziklag, and in Meganah, and in the villages of it;
Arise, go to Nineveh, the great city; lift up your voice, and warn them; for their sin comes before me.
He said to the man, Arise, and go, and behold, your faith makes you well.
So that Satan wouldn't rule over us, for we are well-pleasing in Satan's throne.
They were clothed, and put on their garments, and their robes, and their coats, and their rest of their clothing, and they were cast into the fiery furnace.
So the kingdom of Jehoshaphat was quiet, because his God gave him rest round about.
My sister, my love, I have entered into my garden. I have stripped myself of my perfume and of my spices. I have eaten my wine and of my honey. I have drunk my wine and of my milk. My friends, eat and drink. My beloved, drink and be drunken.
There was a sapphire stone in the midst of the rock, and there was gold in it.
Wash yourselves, and put away your wickedness from before my eyes, And make your work evil.
Therefore the Jews argued among themselves, saying, Why does this man give us his flesh to eat?
All the branches and the flowers were made one with it, of pure gold, made according to the pattern of the stroke.
Brothers, yes, we say it, but we know that you are better than we say it, and you will be saved.
He who has a parable is a devil. He who has a parable is a angel, and he who has a parable.
They cried out from the mountains and from the hills, and said, Come down and hide us, that we may escape the wrath of him who sits on the throne, and of the Lamb.
Behold, you are no more, and your doings are nothing; but that which is best for you is abominable.
Therefore be rulers, not only for the wrath of God, but also for the patience of your hearts.
For the judgment of his people he will call for heaven and earth.
The bull of the sin offering, and the goat of the sin offering, whose blood has come into the sin offering of the sanctuary, their flesh shall go out of the camp, and they shall burn their skin, and their flesh, and their dung with fire.
For if Christ died for us, we know that it was love, and that we should die both for our brothers and for our sisters.
He brought out the priests out of the cities of Judah, and defiled the high places of the burnt offering from Geba even to Beersheba; and he broke down the high places of the gates, which are before Joshua the ruler, on the right side of the gate.
The man of God sent to the king of Israel, saying, Be careful that you don't pass through the land of your wife; for there the Syrians are come down.
For they offered freely, and all the people rejoiced; for they gave freely to Yahweh; and the king David greatly rejoiced all the days of his life.
Your kingdom is come. Your will is great. Your earth is like heaven.
He measured his length at the gate that looked toward the north.
Therefore all his evil will come in one day: death, mourning, and famine; and he will be devoured with fire; for God his Lord will be mighty in judgment.
Ahaziah was in Samaria, and Jehu was with him; and they took him, and brought him to Jehu, and killed him; and they buried him: for they said, He is the son of Jehoshaphat, Yahweh's son, who sought Yahweh with all his heart. So the house of Ahaziah had no power to keep the kingdom.
To recompense the nations, To punish the nations.
I have heard you in my ears. My eyes have seen you.
If my heart causes a woman to be moved, Or if I hide myself at the door of her neighbor's house,
So is the rock, and so is the sand. The wrath of the fool is greater than these.
As a donkey roars in the forest, As a roe in the field.
Fear of Yahweh is a root of knowledge. The fool despises wisdom and instruction.
You will have a battle with God, and your heart will fight against him, and you will do evil.
The rest took his servants, and blasphemed them, and killed them.
Among them the army was like a fattened calf, who turned back, and fled, and couldn't stand: for the day of their calamity was come, and the time of their vengeance was come.
That the servants of God may receive a bounty of bounty, That they may do all good things.
I will affix Rabhak and Babylon to my people; and behold, the Philistines, and Tyre and Ethiopia are born in Zion.
Jesus answered them, Be careful that no one deceives you.
For he who called you is the God of truth, who will surely establish you in this way.
Then there was a certain Zoroah of the Danites, whose name was Manoah: his wife was barren and unmarried.
How can Christ be reconciled with the devil? What is the fruit of faith for those who don't believe?
He said to me, The chambers which are on the north and on the south are holy chambers, which are before the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the
The birds of prey are in the way of the sky, The serpents in the way of the rock, The sand in the way of the sea, And the salt marshes in the way of your snares.
Yahweh was angry with the children of Israel, and delivered them into the hand of those who cut them off; and they cut them off; and he didn't give them into the hand of the enemy round about, so that they didn't stand before the enemy any more.
This shall say, I am Yahweh's; and this shall call himself Jacob's, and this shall be like it: he who comes to Yahweh shall call himself Israel's.
Why do you tremble, my soul? Why do you tremble in my midst? Look to Yahweh, for I still praise him. He is the glory of my face, my God.
For you have heard of the grace which was given me through God for your sake.
But as Peter stood outside at the door, one of the high priest's servants, who was a disciple of him, went out to speak to the woman who was at the door, and brought him in.
The water that remains is sweet. The bread that is stolen is sweet.
I didn't know him, but I came to baptize in water, that the children of Israel might know him.
You have established your people Israel for yourself forever. You are their God, Yahweh.
You husbands, love your wives as Christ loves the assembly, and exalt yourself for the assembly.
By the border of Asher, from the east side to the west side, Naphtali one portion.
Take their daughters, and give them to their sons, that they may serve their gods.
But let God speak, And open his mouth to you.
The priest shall take some of the blood of the sin offering with his finger, and put it on the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and pour out the blood on the feet of the altar of burnt offering.
They cry, but no one saves them. They cry to Yahweh, but he doesn't answer.
These are the men whom Yahweh commanded to give the inheritance to Israel in the land of Canaan.
and he listened to the nations which Yahweh drove out before Israel, and to the statutes of the kings of Israel.
They shall make a ark of acacia wood. Its length shall be two cubits, and its breadth a cubit, and its height a cubit.
Shall I speak? I have no time to inquire concerning Gideon, or concerning Baalath, or concerning Samson, or concerning Jephthah, or concerning David, or concerning Samuel, or concerning all the prophets.
He said to them, Why do men say that Christ is the seed of David?
All the curtains shall be twenty-eight cubits in length, and four cubits in breadth: the curtains shall be of equal length.
Hear the word, and you will be wise. Don't disobey my word.
and he himself bears our iniquities in the cross, that we may escape from death, and live in righteousness. You have received healing from his wounds.
So you also, when you are under bondage, shall say, We are servants who have no profit, and have worked hard to make a living.'
Now these men have made me their ephod and their ephod.
Speak to the congregation, and tell them, You shall depart from the tents of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram round about.'
But the firstborn among the animals, whether it be ox or sheep, if he has been firstborn to Yahweh, he shall not sanctify him any more; for he is Yahweh's.
Before they were consumed, their foundations were taken away by the flood.
Now the word of my lord concerning wheat, and concerning barley, and concerning oil, and concerning wine, let faith be given to these servants.
He said to them, Who are you? Do you say that I am? He said to them, You are the Christ.
I am Paul, called by the will of God, and apostle of Jesus Christ. I, and my brothers, Simon and Susanne,
and will not defile themselves any more for idols, or for abominations, or for all iniquity: I will deliver them out of all their habitations, from where they have sinned; I will cleanse them; so shall they be my people; I will be their God.
But you despise the poor. Aren't they the rich who oppress and drive you away?
My people, clothe yourselves with sackcloth, and put it in the midst of the fire; and be mourned, as the firstborn, and weep with a weeping heart; for the slain shall come suddenly into the midst of us.
Jesus said that Lazarus was dead, but they believed that he was indeed asleep.
There were altars in the house of Yahweh, which Yahweh had made, saying, I will set my name in Jerusalem.
He shall cleanse the house with the blood of the bird, and with the water of the bird, and with the cedar wood, and with the hyssop, and with the incense.
and four hins for a meal offering; both burnt offerings, and sacrifices of any kind, for Yahweh.
You shall put a linen cloth of blue on the turban, which is before the turban.
Then Sennacherib king of Assyria and all his army sent his servants to Hezekiah king of Judah, and to all Judah who were in Jerusalem, at the battle against Lachish:
I also am as one who doesn't hear, And has no answer in his mouth.
Paul, a servant of God, and apostle of Jesus Christ, appointed to help the faith of the saints of God, and to bring them to know the truth of our faith.
The altar was broken, and the ashes of the altar were poured out, according as the man of God listened to the voice of the word of Yahweh.
Now therefore I am not worthy to be your son. Make my service to you good.'
Behold, I have come against the prophets who have sinned against his companions, says Yahweh.
When you see it from the south, you say, It will be hot,' and it is hot.
Joab the son of Zeruiah began to number him; but the wrath of Yahweh came on Israel from this thing: therefore he didn't number him until the end; neither was his number numbered among the kings of David.
My brothers, I thought to write to you in this day's letter, that we might all be saved, but I wrote to you in this day's letter, that you should proclaim the faith of the saints once for all for God's sake.
Most assuredly these words are true. I desire that you will set forth these things, that the man who believes in God may do them with all your heart and with all your soul. These things are good, and they are profitable for all.
I swear by myself, because you have done this thing, says Yahweh, and have not left your son, the son of your offspring:
and that we pray to God, that he may show us the signs of the word, that we may proclaim the word of Christ. For this cause I am busy.
Yahweh said to Moses, Put Aaron's rod before the ark of the testimony, and leave it, and make it a border for the rebels; and you shall cause them to cease from my murmurings, that they not perish.
He begged, and said, My young lady is about to die. Please lay your hand on her, that she may be healed, and rise again.
Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, the three men, were bound, and went down into the midst of a burning fiery furnace.
He offered the burnt offerings to Yahweh on the Sabbaths, and on the new moons, and on the feasts, according to the number of the names, and according to the order, continually before Yahweh.
They flee like a mighty man, And run through a city like a mighty man. They walk every one according to his way. There is no turning back.
For, as I saw, if a wicked man doesn't show his face, he is not right.
It happened, while they were still talking with him, that the king's guard came, and called Haman to the banquet that Esther had prepared.
Absalom fled to Geshur, and lived there three years.
Say you, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: This city shall pour out the blood of men in it, and shall bring on itself the day of its coming; and it shall be defiled with idols, and shall destroy it.
So Aaron shall enter into the sanctuary: one bull for a sin offering, and one ram for a burnt offering.
Let the sins be continually before Yahweh, That he may destroy their name from the world.
Joseph answered Pharaoh, This is not mine; but Yahweh will show Pharaoh peace.
We know that the Son of God is come, and that he has raised us up to know the true God. We are one God with the true God, for we are one God with his Son Jesus Christ. This is a true God, and eternal life.
Absalom said, Why hasn't Herod made me judge in this place? For I will judge righteously for everyone who comes to me for a cause to be judged.
It happened on the seventh day, when the sun shone, that they rose up early in the morning, and encamped seven times, so that they encamped seven times this day.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: Examine your ways.
There shall come ships out of Kittim, and they shall afflict Assyria, and they shall afflict Eber; and he shall perish forever.
The priest shall take a small portion of the fat that is in the reed, and lay it in his own hand.
Then came the heads of fathers' houses of the sons of Joseph, of the sons of Manasseh, and of the sons of Gilead, of the sons of Machir the son of Manasseh, before Moses and before the princes of the fathers' houses of the children of Israel, saying,
Therefore let's not hold fast to the precepts of Christ, but let's prepare ourselves to the fullness of the Spirit, that we may believe in God no more through the works of death;
If I were numbered, I would have been more than the sand of the seas. I would have been with you when I slept.
This is the God of the house of Israel, who chose our fathers, and made them a great people in the time that they went to Egypt, and brought them out of Egypt with a mighty hand;
In his right hand and in his left foot was written a name: The King's King, the Lord of lords.
Pharaoh called to Moses and Aaron, and said, Go, sacrifice to your God in this land.
The law is a commandment to your servant. It is a great commandment.
When they had returned, the angel of the Lord spoke to Joseph, saying, Arise, take the child with his mother, and flee to Egypt, and come to me, and I will tell you; for Herod is seeking the child to kill him.
If I say to the frog, You are my father;' Or to the creeping things, You are my mother, my sister;'
The waters of the sea shall be cut off, And the rivers shall be dried up.
In that day, in the land of Judah, they will sing this song, saying, We have a strong city, and he will make it a wall of salvation, and a fortified city.
Babylon, I have made a living for you, and you have made him to stumble, and he doesn't know. You have made men to stumble, and they shall stumble; for you are against Yahweh.
Isn't it a stumbling block for you to be afflicted? It is a stumbling block.
She said, All that you have commanded me I will do.
Ahimaaz cried to the king, Peace be upon you. He fell on his face to the ground before the king, and worshiped, and said, Blessed be Yahweh your God, who has delivered to you those who went up against my lord the king.
Those of us who have power, let them now rule over the oppressed. Don't seek their own gain.
The gates of the city shall be according to the names of the tribes of Israel: and on the north side three gates: the gate of Reuben one, the gate of Judah one, and the gate of Reuben one.
Jehoiakim was twenty-five years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Zebedee the daughter of Petaiah of Ramah.
They shall burst into pieces, but they shall not burst into pieces, because the former was different from the latter. Then I woke up.
On the fifth day Shummei the son of Zerusider, prince of the children of Simeon
Jehu said, Go with me, and see my zeal for Yahweh. He set him on his chariot.
He took up his parable, and said, Balaam the son of Beor says, He who has his eyes open says,
In all the land of Egypt all that is in the field, both man and animal, is struck with a stone, and all the grass of the field is struck with a stone, and all the trees of the field are broken.
The captain of the guard delivered them to Joseph, and he waited for them; and they were in the prison a long time.
Your servant dwells among the peoples whom you have chosen. The peoples are so many that they can't be counted.
We have seen our beginnings no more, neither have we seen prophets; neither do we know when it will happen among us.
They said, An Egyptian has delivered us out of the hand of those who feed the sheep, and has poured out his hand on us to give the sheep drink.
Now I will arise, and will walk in the city, and in the streets, and in the broad places; and I will seek the desire of my soul; and I will seek him, but I will not find him.
The glory of Yahweh is like a fire burning on a mountain, and the eyes of the children of Israel are like eyes.
Many peoples and great nations shall come to Yahweh of Armies, to Yahweh's favor, at Jerusalem.
You shall count the men of all the congregation of Israel by their families, by their fathers' houses, by their fathers' houses, by their fathers' houses.
Remember therefore where you fell, repent, and recompense your first love; and if not, I will come to you, and take away your lampstand.
When his acquaintances saw that he prophesied among the prophets, they said one to another, What is the son of Kish? Is Saul also among the prophets?
I will praise Yahweh all the days of my life. My mouth will always praise him.
If a foreigner is among you, or if a man of every generation is among you, to offer an offering made by fire of a sweet savor to Yahweh, so you shall do, and so they shall do.
They said one to another, Come, let us make thorns, and burn them. They have thorns for the stone, and a thorn for the clay.
Yahweh said to Samuel, Listen to them, and make a king over them. Samuel said to the children of Israel, Go up every man to his city.
He shall bring the offering made by fire to Yahweh with his hand, oil and liver, that he may wave the liver and the liver with a wave offering before Yahweh.
He took the flesh, all the fat and beautiful flesh, the first and the last part, and put it in, and filled it with good bones.
neither went up to the mountain to eat bread, nor hoped for the idols of the house of Israel, nor defiled his neighbor's wife;
Therefore will I make Samaria a heap of dust in the field, and a place for vineyards; and I will pour out its stones into the valleys, and I will make its foundation.
The priests, who were over the chambers of the house of our God, Eliashib and Tobiah, before this thing happened,
Woe to us! Who will deliver us out of the hand of the mighty God! Who struck the Egyptians with every evil thing in the wilderness, this God!
The Lord sits on the throne of heaven. The Lord will kill them.
Brothers, I want you to know that I don't preach the Good News of men.
Hear you the word of the Lord Yahweh, mountain of Israel: Thus says the Lord Yahweh, mountain of greatness, mountain of lowland, and river, and valley: Behold, I will come on you with the sword, and will destroy your high places.
His parents were amazed, and he commanded them that they should tell no one what had happened.
It happened, when David and Saul had spoken, that Jonathan's life and David's life became one, and Jonathan loved him as his own life.
Therefore I will fill the wrath of Yahweh with indignation, and I will not be able to bear it. Therefore I will be a snare to the children of the streets, and to the young men, and to the elders, and to their wives, and to the old men, and to those who work day and night.
This is the portion of the wicked which he has inherited from God, the inheritance which he has given him.
I will put my Spirit in you, that you may walk in my statutes, and keep my ordinances, and do them.
Pilate answered, What then shall I do to the king of the Jews, whom you are called?
He shall go forth from man to man, and shall be full of reproach.
For God is able to prove this through the mouth of all the prophets that he has prophesied about his Christ.
His father-in-law walked after him, and cried with him, and came to Bahurim. Abner said to him, Return! He returned.
Then said he to me, The sins of the house of Israel and of the house of Judah are exceeding great: and there shall be blood in all the land; and the cities shall be shaken; for they say, Yahweh has departed out of the land, and Yahweh has not seen.
But we believe that we have a God, the Father, and all things are his, and we live for him. We have a Lord, Jesus Christ, and all things are his, and we walk in him.
You shall sanctify the fifty-nine years; and you shall appoint the inhabitants of the land for a proclamation: and the year shall be a season for you; and you shall return every man to his inheritance, and every man to his own family.
My son, if you are a bondservant to your neighbor, And a bondservant to strangers;
The word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah in the days of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah, king of Judah, saying,
He took away from the land the engraved images, All the idols of his fathers,
Gad came near to David, and said to him, Thus says Yahweh, Make yourself known,
A certain leper came to him, and he begged him, saying, If you will, you will make me clean.
What shall a man do, that he may enter into the house of the mighty, and take his substance? Shouldn't he first bind the mighty?
Then I was there a sluggard, and I rejoiced in him day and night, and I rejoiced before him continually.
The first words of his mouth are foolishness. The last words of his mouth are deceitful.
Pharaoh's daughter said to him, Take this child, and let me put it on, and I will give you your wages. So she took the child, and put it on.
My angel will go before you to the land of the Amorites, and of the Hittites, and of the Perizzites, and of the Canaanites, and of the Hivites, and of the Jebusites; and I will cut them off.
Of the children of Judah, their generations, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
Who can stand in his wrath? Who can endure his wrath? His wrath is like a fire that goes forth, And a rock is broken for him.
Let's examine and recompense our ways. Let's turn again to Yahweh.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh. Turn your ear to my cry. I have tears in my eyes. Don't cry out. I am a stranger and a foreigner, as my fathers were before you.
From the day that Samuel the prophet began to reign in Israel, there was no Passover like it in Israel; neither did the kings of Israel pass over it like Josiah, nor the priests, nor the Levites, nor Judah, nor the inhabitants of it, nor the children of Israel, nor the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
Greet Ubano, my laboring companion, and Stavros, my beloved.
On the four corners of the court were arrows, and on the four corners a wall: and the length of each court was forty cubits, and the breadth thirty; and the breadth of the four corners was the same.
Laban said, It is good that I should do according to your word.
Then Job answered Yahweh,
They struck their cities, and cast every man a stone, and filled all the good land; and they took all the springs of water, and cut down every good tree: only the stone of Kir Harasheth was left; and they cast all the stones against it round about.
I came to put a fire on the earth. If the fire is consumed, don't you know that it is good for the tongue?
In that day, and in that hour, I will cause David to put forth a right hand, and he shall walk in justice and righteousness on the earth.
three thousand talents of gold from Ophir, and seven thousand talents of silver from the merchants, to cover the walls of the houses.
It happened, when Jebedmelech the Ethiopian, who was in the king's guard, heard that they had thrown Jeremiah into the pit (the king was sitting at the door of Benjamin at that time),
Therefore the head of a woman shall be wrapped around her head, for a sign and a sign of authority, and for fear of the angels.
This sin offering, which is holy, Yahweh has given you, to bear the iniquity of the congregation, and to make atonement for them before Yahweh, why don't you eat it in a holy place?
Ephraim was oppressed, judged, and oppressed, because he listened to the commandment with all his heart.
Rachel saw that she didn't bring forth a son to Jacob, and was jealous. She said to Jacob, Give me a son, and if not, I will die.
He arose, ate, and drink; and by the power of the eating he went forty days and forty nights, to the mountain of Yahweh, to the mountain of Horeb.
If I imprison the needy, Or cause the eye of the widow to see beyond the eyes,
Don't despise the world or its things. If a man loves the world, he doesn't love the Father.
I will gather all peoples, and will bring them down into the valley of Jehoshaphat, and there will I judge them; for they have divided my people, Israel my inheritance, among the nations, and have divided my land;
Yahweh said to me, You shall see their doings, and shall do exceedingly abominable things.
I know what you know. I am not better than you.
Then the heavens and all that is therein shall rejoice because of Babylon; for those who destroy it shall come from the north, says Yahweh.
When they had departed, we sailed, and they returned to their houses.
Who doesn't know that it is the hand of God in all these things?
But now the word of Yahweh says, The glory of Moab, and the people of it, shall be afflicted in the year of Sanna, according to the number of the years of the work; and the remnant shall be little, and shall be a desolation.
He made a ring of thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and tied it to the thorns, and
Our bodies will continue to live in Jesus' body, that his life may be revealed in our bodies.
Yahweh, who can live in your tents, Who can dwell in your holy mountain?
I was very dismayed with you, and I was afraid, and trembled.
Saul and his men went to seek him; and they told David; and he went down to the rock, and lived in the wilderness of Maon. When Saul heard of it, he pursued David in the wilderness of Maon.
Then the assembly lifted up their voice, and cried out with a loud voice: and all the people wept that night.
Yahweh, what a man is, you know him. What a man's son is, you remember him.
When Judas came, immediately he came to him, and cried to him with a loud voice, and kissed him.
Then Yahweh divided the kingdom of Israel, and made it smaller. Hazael fought against Israel round about.
For if a thing goes unpunished, then the money is gone; and if the man bears a son, his hands will be empty.
At the end of the reign three hundred princes went down to David to the top of Adullam: and the army of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
Yahweh is with me, and I am not afraid. What can man do to me?
Another angel, who was over the altar, came out from the altar, and cried out from the horn of the altar, and said, With the horn of your own horn you shall rebuke the grapes of the ground; for the grapes have come up.
The wicked shall depart from his way, and the unrighteous from his thoughts. To Yahweh he will be merciful; To our God he will walk in forgiveness.
They traveled from Pharaoh Philioth eastward, and passed through the sea to the wilderness; and they walked in the wilderness of Ethon three days: and they encamped in Marah.
For I tell you, there is none who can eat the bread of those who are called to me.'
He said to them, The princes of the Gentiles rule over the people, and the lord of the throne is called the Lord.
The angel of Yahweh answered him, Yahweh of Armies, have you no mercy until the seventy years of your wrath which you have wrath against the cities of Jerusalem and Judah?
Moses took it out of their hand, and burned it on the altar, a holy offering, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Jesus answered them, I tell you that I am. If you seek me, let these men go.
Yahweh your God will deliver them up to you, and will make them astonished, until they perish.
For his signs and his wonders are good and perfect. His kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, His dominion to all generations.
Dan shall judge his people as one of the tribes of Israel.
Yahweh will cover the lips of the sluggard. He will break the tongue of the sluggard.
Jephthah said to the elders of Gilead, Take me now away, and fight against the children of Ammon; and Yahweh will deliver them up before me: shall I indeed be your chief?
As you are righteous outside, you are filled with falsehood and unrighteousness inside.
He who eats my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life. On the last day I will raise him up.
Therefore the Jews persecuted him, because he was sick on the Sabbath day.
If a man causes the bird to see that he is in the midst of the net of Sidon, he will seek after the bird, or if he won't find it.
Elisha said to him, Go, bless him, and say, You shall surely live; but Yahweh will show me that he shall surely die.
After this, the Levites shall enter into the service of the tent of meeting; and you shall cleanse them, and offer them for a wave offering;
Do you teach others, but don't teach yourself? Do you teach men to not steal, but don't steal yourself?
When the man saw him, he fell on his face, and cried to him, Jesus, the Son of the Most High, what have I to do with you? Don't let me be afflicted.
The captain of the guard in the second month was Dodi the Ahohite; and Miclot was the captain of the nation: and in his division were twenty-four thousand men.
Joram was thirty-two years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem: and there was none who remembered him from the world; and they buried him in the city of David; but he was not in the tombs of the kings.
Ephron answered Abraham,
The soldiers gave him a drink of bitter wine, but he didn't drink of it all.
All the peoples of the peoples shall give power and honor to Yahweh, and to Yahweh.
Let it be called The Hour of the Clement, that the world may see it day and night, that there be no one among you who causes iniquity to be uncovered, and makes hardening of the heart.
Be astonished at the two tables, that they may be joined one to another.
For every man of the house of Israel, and of the stranger who lives as a foreigner in the midst of Israel, who is with me, to receive his idol in his heart, and to cause sin to be committed before him, and to come to the prophet, to inquire of me for his own sake, will I, Yahweh, answer him.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
He said to his father, Behold, there is a request of yours, that you grant me two months, that I and my companions may go up to the mountain to weep for a long time for my soul.
The father also will do the same to his sons and to his daughters. They will rise up against their parents, and kill them.
But Yahweh didn't stop his wrath, which he had wrath against Judah, because of the wrath which Manasseh provoked him to do.
I will multiply men on you, all the multitude of Israel; and cities shall be inhabited, and desolate places shall be built.
Return, my daughter. Hurry! I am old, and I can't have a husband. If I say, I have hope, and I have a husband by night, and I have a son,
So Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh; and all the land of Egypt was sold to Pharaoh because of the famine.
Joseph was thirty years old when he came to Pharaoh king of Egypt: and Joseph went out from Pharaoh's presence, and went through all the land of Egypt.
All these are the offerings which Yahweh commanded Moses in Mount Sinai, which he commanded the children of Israel in the wilderness of Mount Sinai.
You will not accept the name of my Father whom I have chosen; but you will accept the name of another who has chosen his own name.
Philip said to him, Lord, show us the Father, and we will be satisfied.
Those who dwell in the earth are afraid because of your signs. You make them glad in the morning and in the evening.
Therefore today, tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, shall I do; for the prophets are not able to kill outside of Jerusalem.
From that time he began to prophesy, saying, Refresh yourselves, for the Kingdom of Heaven is coming.
It happened, when he had received the money from Jasper and the rest of the people, that he let them go.
Greet Lebanon, and raise up a voice in Bashan, and cry out of Abiram; for all your delight is consumed.
One pillar was eighteen cubits high, and the height ten cubits, and the breadth of it twelve cubits; and the height of it was evil, and in vain.
They argued with him, but he said to them, The prophets will be honored wherever they go, in their own country, and in their own house.
You shall rejoice, and I will do to you, because of the inheritance of the house of Israel: Mount Seir shall you be desolate, and all the land of Edom shall you be desolate; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
They passed through Persia, and came to Pamphylia.
Then said Nicodemus, How is it that a man has his father? Can he enter again into his mother's womb, and have his father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's
John continually said to Herod, You don't know the wives of your brothers.
He has not sinned, Neither has anyone heard him lying.
So the children of Edom rebelled against Judah, and escaped out of his hand to this day: and the children of Lipnah rebelled at that time.
It was told David, and he sent to meet them; for the men were ashamed and trembling. The king said, Stay in Jericho until you have broken the yoke, and come again.
Many will fall on their feet, and fall on their lips; and they will be snared and taken.
As they went up into the city, certain young women came out to draw water, and said to them, Is there a castle here?
As he ate with the apostles, the devil revealed to Judas Iscariot that he had given to Judas the son of Simon, a Chaldean.
I will cause him to go forth, says Yahweh of Armies; and he shall go into the house of the thieves, and into the house of the slanderer of my name; and I will dwell in his house, and will destroy him, and his wood and his stone.
You have hid yourselves under the captivity, and you have fallen under the slain: therefore Yahweh's anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out.
Then went Bathsheba to king Solomon to speak to Adonijah: and the king arose, and met him, and played the prostitute with him, and made his throne; and he commanded the king's mother to sit on his right hand.
Go and tell Rehoboam the son of Solomon, king of Judah, and all the house of Benjamin, Judah, and the rest of the people:
Moses returned, and all the elders of Israel, into the camp.
What profit is the engraved image, that he may etch it? What profit is the engraved image, and the false teacher, that he may trust in it, and make it a mute image?
You shall rejoice, you, and the Levites, and the strangers who are among you, for all the blessings of Yahweh your God which he has given you, and for your household.
The servants of Ammon rebelled against him, and killed the king in the palace.
For from the day that I brought up Israel to this day, I have not lived in a house: from one tent to another tent, and from one winepress to another winepress.
Your hair also, when the Father is with you, will be numbered.
If a priest's daughter commits adultery, and profanes herself, and profanes her father, then she shall be burned with fire.
There appeared also in heaven another head, and a mighty horse of thorns, with seven heads, and ten horns, and heads on seven kings' horns.
You shall blow the trumpet, if you will gather the congregation together; but you shall not blow the trumpet.
Jacob slept, and said, Yahweh is with me, and I don't know it, seeing he is with me.
You have brought in your salvation with your loving kindness. You have brought them into your holy place with your power.
Not only so, but he was called a witness to us by the assembly, a witness of our loving kindness, that it should be glorified in the Lord, and that we should do it gladly.
When they had gone eastward, they lived in the plains of Sinal, where they found a deceit.
Beware of the plague of leprosy. Do all that the priests the Levites teach you, and observe to do them, which I command you.
I stretched out my hand on the rebellious people all the day. They did their own will, and went in a way that was not good.
Jesus said to them, If a man lets his wife go, and he takes another woman, who commits adultery, and robs her,
A fire is kindled among them, And a flame devours the wicked.
He cried to Yahweh his God in his distress, And was exceedingly humble before the God of his fathers.
On the seventh day the priest shall go and see; and behold, if the plague is spread on the walls of the house,
The meal offering shall be an ephah for a bull in the feast, and an ephah for a ram, and a hin of oil for an ephah for a lamb, according to the number of the lambs, in the feast.
because of all the evil that the children of Israel and the children of Judah have done to me, both to their kings, and to their princes, and to their priests, and to their prophets, and to all Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
For they have persecuted my people, saying, Peace,' and there is no peace, but as a man goes up to his wall, he is clothed with blood.
Aaron did so, and lit the lamp before the lampstand, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
It happened on the first day of unleavened bread, on the day of the slaughter of the Passover, that his disciples asked him, Where do you want us to prepare for you to eat the Passover?
Then I will bring you down, and those who go down to Sheol with you, to the ancient men; and I will make you dwell in the depths of the earth, and you shall dwell in the waste and desolate places of Sheol; there shall no man dwell therein, neither shall there be any glory in the land of the living.
But Yahweh is Lord forever. He has set his throne in order to judge.
Then Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, who was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah the son of Asaph, the captain of the guard, came out to him.
Jehu gathered all the people together, and said to them, While Ahab served Baal, he will serve him exceedingly.
But I know that the Lord will give me the ability to come near to you.
Woe to this rebellious, desolate, and oppressed city!
Most assuredly I tell you, all these bloodbaths will be on this people.
The heart of the wise is in the house of wisdom, But the heart of fools in the house of joy.
But all these things were confirmed, that the prophets might testify about them in the Scriptures. Then all the disciples left him, and fled.
Israel is fat as a fattened calf. Now Yahweh will take them as sheep in a broad land.
It happened, when Peter was knocking at the door of the inner court, that a certain woman whose name was Loeb came out to hear, and saw who the man was.
The angel of Yahweh found Hagar by the spring of the wilderness; and the spring was by the way of Shur.
Now, Lord, according to your word, let your servant be free from the world.
Behold, Rebekah is before you: take her, and give her to her master's son, as Yahweh has spoken.
The testimonies of truth are not lies, But the testimonies of falsehood are lies.
It happened after these things, that king Ahasuerus took Haman the son of Hammetatha the Agagite, and exalted him, and made his words higher than all the rest of his servants.
The prophets and the priests are blasphemed, even in my house, and I have seen their wickedness, says Yahweh.
Cornelius said, It was the day, about this time, about three hours, and I was praying in my house, and there stood before me a man clothed in his garments,
On every high hill, under every green tree, stood the pillars, and the Asherim;
But every man who buys with money will eat of it, and he who circumcised him will eat of it.
But he will be light to the tomb, And a memory will be made in his tomb.
Most assuredly I tell you, if he finds a fattened sheep, he shall be happier than a tenth of a pound.
You shall proclaim this to your sons, and your sons to their sons, and your sons to their daughters.
When it was time to open, he sent his servant to the man whom he asked, saying, Come, and prepare everything.'
Saul went with the spears; for he said, I will chastise David, and lay him in a cave. David hid himself two times before him.
Behold, they listened to the counsel of Balaam, and made Israel to sin against Yahweh in Bohol, so that the congregation of Yahweh was struck with a pestilence.
If anyone says in our name that we have prophesied, or that we have spoken, or that we have written, The day of the Lord is at hand; don't let your heart tremble, nor be afraid.
Solomon's horse was brought from Egypt, and he was a merchant of the king's, and he bought it for a price.
You have done nothing against them, neither have you done according to their abominations: you have made small things; you have called all that you have done a name.
He will redeem their soul from oppression and oppression. He will see their blood as precious.
Your reproof, Yahweh, arose, and the breath of your nostrils went forth; and the sea appeared, and the foundations of the earth appeared.
A cloud filled the house of Yahweh, When the priests came out of the sanctuary;
Let one of the donkeys go out. The donkeys come and go, until the waters of the earth dry up.
Listen to the voice of your father, you sons. Learn understanding with all your heart.
Yahweh has done to you according to the word which he spoke by me; and Yahweh has taken the kingdom out of your hand, and delivered it to David your brother.
For I know that through your prayer and through the Holy Spirit of Jesus Christ, I will be freed and redeemed.
You have given him the desire of his heart. You have opened his mouth. Selah.
that all men may honor the Son as the Father; and those who don't honor the Son, they don't honor the Father who sent him.
I have bought servants and handmaids, and have been born in my house, and have had many herds and flocks, more than all the men who were before me in Jerusalem.
From the first day of the first month began to do that which was clean; and the eighth day came to the door of Yahweh, to the house of Yahweh, to the fourteenth day of the first month.
A man's foot is Yahweh's foot. Shall a man know his way?
Yahweh built Jerusalem, and gathered Israel together, and sent them away to the Gentiles.
He didn't know that his grain and his wine and his oil were mine, and that his silver and his gold were mine; and he served Baal with these things.
Go to my relatives and to my peoples, and take a wife for Isaac my son.
He named him Joseph, saying, Yahweh increase my son also.
He made poles of acacia wood, and overlaid them with gold.
Of Naphtali there were one thousand captains of thousands, with shields and spears; and after them there were thirty-seven thousand men.
I have tested all things with wisdom. I said, I will be a wise man, but wisdom is far from me.
They went out, and God made all the cities that were round about them afraid; and they didn't pursue after Jacob's sons.
All the things that were on the tent were numbered, according to all that the Levites were able to do in the midst of it, according to the commandment of Moses, by the numbering of the hands of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest.
The woman was beautiful in every way, and had not known anyone who was with her. She went down to the pit, and filled her chambers.
If the city blows a trumpet, won't the people be afraid? If the plague comes on a city, won't Yahweh bring it down?
I saw a throne sitting on it, a power of judgment; and I saw the spirit of those who testify about Jesus, and of those who testify about the land of God, who didn't worship the beast or the beast, and didn't cover him with a shield in their hands: and they were raised together with him one thousand years.
It is a fire, and it will devour, and cut off the root of all my fruit.
Whoever among your servants finds him shall be put to death; and we will be servants to my master.
The angel who spoke with me said, What are these, my lord?
Who knows the thoughts of the Lord? Who can give counsel to him?
Then said Saul's scribe, Tell me, Samuel, what has he said to you?
When the children of Israel turned back in the battle, the children of Benjamin struck Israel with their hands about thirty times; and they said, They have slain Israel as before.
Out of the tribe of Naphtali, Kedesh of Galilee, the city of refuge for the slain, with its suburbs, and Hammothod with its suburbs, and Carthanna with its suburbs, gave them three cities.
Samuel spoke all the words of Yahweh to the people, even to the king whom he asked of him, saying,
Yahweh our Lord, your name is great in all the earth.
But I have grass and oil to give to the donkey, and bread to give to my own self, and to my handmaid, and to the young men who follow me.
Most assuredly I tell you, if a grain isn't sown and dies, it is a handful. If it dies, there will be many sown grains.
In Christ, you are filled with all riches and knowledge.
The city shall be called by all nations a joy and a praise and a glory: for all nations shall tremble at all the good that I have given them, and at all the good that I have given them, and at all the peace that I have given them.
So Jebedmelech took the men, and brought them into the king's house, to the chamber under the king's house: and he took the sack, and put it on his garments, and tied the cords, and brought them to Jeremiah.
For you have taken away many nations, and the remnant of the nations have taken away you; because you have shed blood, and have waged a violent war in the land, and in the cities, and in the habitations of those who dwell therein.
They departed there, and came to the house of the young Levite, to the house of Micah, and greeted him.
He saw the golden crown, and the palm tree that was in their sister's hand, and heard the words of Rebekah their sister, saying, Thus and thus has the man said to me. He went to the man, and saw the man standing by the camel's horn, by the spring of water.
They gathered themselves together against the life of the righteous, And against the innocent.
then his brother shall come to him before the elders, and shave the man's foot from off his face, and say, Thus shall he do to him who doesn't build his house for his brother.'
Samuel said, Your sword has killed a woman, and your mother has killed a woman. Samuel broke Agag in pieces before Yahweh in Gilgal.
But if he gives one portion of his inheritance to one of his servants, it shall be to him in the year of his release, in the year of his release; and he shall leave his sons his inheritance, says Yahweh.
The top of the lord was on the top of a tower of four cubits; and on the top of the lord was his yoke, and his snare; and he was with the lord of the threshing floor.
The mountains shall be opened, and the hills shall be desolate; but my loving kindness shall not depart from you, neither shall my covenant of peace be desolate, says Yahweh who has mercy on you.
He will greet you, and bless you, the children of your sister who are chosen by God.
He lived in the wilderness of Balaam; and his mother took him a wife out of the land of Egypt.
Therefore in that day, according to the Good News which I preach, God will judge in Christ Jesus.
Yahweh God laid the man in the garden of Eden, and planted him, and kept him.
and that the waters of Hermon may be poured out on Mount Zion; for there Yahweh will bless, an everlasting life.
The temple was full of the glory of God, and the fire of his power, until the seven angels came, and there was none who could enter into the temple.
Solomon made a bond with Pharaoh king of Egypt, and took the daughter of Pharaoh, and brought her into the city of David, until she had built her house, and the house of Yahweh, and all the wall of Jerusalem round about.
If you go to a new house, then you shall be a prisoner in the house, that no man fall from there, and the blood that is left in your house.
They told it to him, and to all their household.
Wisdom will keep you from sexual immorality, From the snare of flatteries.
Yahweh said to Jehu, Because you have done good, and have done that which I have seen good, and have dealt well with the house of Ahab according to my heart, your seed shall be ruler over Israel all generations.
You shall not forsake your friends, nor your father's friends; neither shall you go to your brother's house in a day of trouble: the neighbor is greater than his neighbor.
Another said, I have a wife, and I can't find her.'
Speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, Make them a chain forever on the three ends of it, and a ribbon of fine twined linen on the other end of it.
Greet, for the days of Yahweh are near. As destruction comes from the Almighty,
and the river shall be full of pomegranates; and they shall arise, and go into your palaces, and into your bedchambers, and into the house of your servants, and into the body of your people, and into your kneading troughs, and into your kneading troughs.
and Jathel with its suburbs, and Jesitemo with its suburbs,
When the feast was finished, they returned, but the child Jesus was still in Jerusalem, and his father and his mother didn't know it.
He said to the king, Thus says Yahweh, Because you have let go the man whom I have appointed to destroy, your life shall be before his life, and your people before his people.
The children committed adultery, and rebelled against his father, and returned from him to Bethlehem Judah, to the house of his father, and lived there four months.
Behold, these things are little things which he has done. What have we heard from him? Who can discern the thunder of his might?
After this I will deliver into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of those who seek their life, Zedekiah king of Judah, and all his servants, and all the people, even all the remnant of the pestilence, and of the sword, and of the famine, and of the famine; and he shall kill them with the edge of the sword, and shall not pity, nor
They say, We have put our trust in him, that we may live and be strong, as the princes among you say, Because we are his seed.'
It happened in the twelfth month, in the twelfth day of the month Adar, that the king's commandment and the decrees were to be fulfilled, that the enemies of the children of Judah might have dominion over them; but it was done exceedingly, that the children of Judah should have dominion over all those who hated them.
Then I feared my affliction, for I knew that God would not make me guilty.
When he prayed, his face was changed. His garments were wrinkled and disfigured, and his light shined.
As it is with all the assembly of God, the woman shall keep silence in the assembly, and shall not prophesy. The law of the Jews requires them to obey it.
There shall not a man dwell there, neither shall there be a man go there; but it shall fall as Sodom and Gomorrah, and as the cities of the suburbs.
You shall therefore keep his statutes and his commandments, which I command you this day, that you may be blessed, and your seed with you, and that your days may be prolonged in the land which Yahweh your God gives you, forever.
Then king Rehoboam sent to Israel Adar the ruler of the abominations; and all Israel stoned him with stones: and king Rehoboam hurried and charioted, and fled to Jerusalem.
Give thanks to Yahweh, For he is good, And his loving kindness endures forever.
For God has given us his precious things, and his great grace, that through these promises you may escape from the destruction of the world, and be filled with the Holy One of God.
and Jarmuth with its suburbs, and Enchanter with its suburbs; four cities.
But the loving kindness of Yahweh is with those who fear him forever and ever. His righteousness is with his seed and his sons.
that we may be like the nations, that our king may judge between us, and sit on our throne before us, and fight against us.
We are fools for Christ's sake, but you are fools with him. We are weak, but you are strong. You are honorable, but we are deceitful.
You shall observe to keep it, until you have weighed it before the chief of the priests, and before the Levites, and before the heads of the fathers' houses of Israel, in the chambers of the house of Yahweh that are in Jerusalem.
Peter, the apostle of Jesus Christ, wrote this letter to the peoples who were scattered abroad in Pentecost, Galilee, Gebatokiah, Asia, and Perennial.
Now the heart of those who sailed with them is shaken. Yahweh will tear down their altars, And destroy their pillars.
So he went and visited Kenad, and the towns of Kenad; and he called him Levi, according to his name.
Your word, Yahweh, is established in heaven forever.
Now I am glad that I suffer for you. I suffer for the body of Christ, the assembly, and for those who don't believe.
The ordinance of the oppressor is evil: he devises schemes, and destroys the poor with lies; he also destroys the needy when he speaks justice.
It happened in the twelfth year of Zedekiah king of Judah, in the twelfth year of Nebuchadnezzar, that the word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah.
Blessed is he who doesn't walk in the counsel of the wicked, who doesn't stand in the way of the innocent, and who doesn't sit with a deceitful man.
The children of Benjamin came out from Gibeah on the second day, and struck them; and they killed on the ground eleven thousand men of Israel, all of them with the sword.
If you do this, you will become children of the Father, for he has made the sun go down on the wicked and on the righteous, and on the righteous and on the unrighteous.
You have brought down a great rain, God. You have strengthened your inheritance, When Israel is weary.
For the beautiful prostitute has many sexual immoralities. She has made sexual immoralities. She has deceived the nations with her sexual immorality. She has deceived many peoples with her sexual immorality.
and the princes of Judah, and the princes of Jerusalem, and the eunuchs, and the priests, and all the people of the land, who passed over from the calf that was cut off;
Jacob said, Swear to me this day. Esau swore to him, and gave Jacob the name of his firstborn.
Then David said, Take away the Levites, besides the ark of God; for Yahweh has given them to bear the ark of the covenant of Yahweh, and to serve him forever.
When they had scattered him, he went up into the mountain, and prayed. But it was dark, and he was alone.
Behold, Yahweh has given you the Sabbath. Therefore he gives you two days' bread. Every man his place seven days, and he shall not go out.
He said to them, My soul is grieved, and my hope is that I will die: behold, you dwell here.
The priest shall write in the book these curse words, and shall put them in the midst of the adversity.
It is like a man who flees from the lion, and flees, and finds a harp, and comes in with his hands to the house, and falls, and causes the serpent to stumble.
Don't be dismayed. Embrace those who have great faith, and those who have patience, and receive the promises of God.
You shall eat unleavened bread six days; and on the seventh day you shall keep the covenant of Yahweh your God: you shall do no work.
He brought me up from the north gate before the house: and behold, the glory of Yahweh filled the house of Yahweh; and I fell on my face.
Yahweh was angry with the children of Israel, and said, Because this people have broken my covenant, which I commanded their fathers, and have not obeyed my voice;
They said, Come, and let us go to the city and to the cave, and let us set up a name for us, that we not be scattered throughout all the earth.
For you have given me strength to fight. You have subdued all those who rise up against me.
Teacher, what is the most important commandment in the law?
Twenty cubits was the length of the inner court; and twenty cubits was the breadth of the court, and three cubits the breadth of the court.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Most assuredly I have said, Your house and your father's house shall walk before me forever; but now Yahweh has said, I will not do it; for I will honor him who honors me; and he who despises me will be deceived.
Be steadfast in the word that you hear from the beginning. If you are steadfast in the word that you hear from the beginning, you will live in the Son and in the Father.
They shall take the curtains of the tent of meeting, and the tent of meeting, and its covering, and the covering of the sea on it, and the screen for the door of the tent of meeting;
The table was set, and the servants sat, and the servants served, and their clothing, and their wine; and when they saw the sign that he was going up to the temple of Yahweh, they were afraid, and the cloud was gone up.
I don't want you to be a burden to others, but to be a burden to others.
and beyond the Jordan, at Jericho, on the east side of the Jordan, in the land of the children of Reuben, Bezer with its suburbs, and Arza with its suburbs, in the wilderness;
The length of the one curtain was thirty cubits, and the breadth forty cubits; and the thickness of the other curtain was ten cubits.
He who knows your name will trust in you. For you, Yahweh, have not forsaken those who seek you.
The Lord said to him, Arise, go to the street that is called The Way, and find a man named Saul the Damascus in the house of Judah; and behold, he prays there.
If therefore the husband lives with another man, he will be called a prostitute; and if the husband dies, he will be freed from the law's snare, and it will be no sexual immorality, though he is with another man.
Yahweh will make Judah his inheritance in the holy place; and he will choose Jerusalem.
Don't deceive yourself. He who deceives himself with the deceit of the world will be wise, but he who is foolish shall be wise.
You shall put them on the treasury of the priests, and mark them for the children of Israel: and Aaron shall write their names on their shoulders, and shall mark them before Yahweh.
The foolish man eats up, as if he had broken his own foot, and opened his own mouth.
The light of the eye makes the heart glad. Good news stirs up the root of the soul.
Brothers, if God loves us, let us also love one another.
The man said, Your name shall no more be called Jacob, but Israel; for you shall prevail, both you, and God, and man, in the battle.
When therefore we heard of you, we prayed for you, and begged God that you might receive wisdom and understanding from the Spirit, and that you might be able to discern his will,
I, Paul, greet you in my ear. Remember how I am now. May the grace of God be with you.
David went out that day, and fled from Saul, and escaped to Achish king of Gath.
The heart of a fugitive lies in vain, But he who goes after the righteous shall be glad.
As brothers of Christ, brothers who are called by God, rejoicing in him who was called a messenger and a high priest.
Shall I eat the flesh of bulls, Or drink the blood of goats?
Yahweh, please give us your loving kindness, As we have hoped for you.
He didn't allow the angels to sin, but he cast them into Sheol, and shut them up in a deep of darkness, until he was judged.
one male goat for a sin offering;
The God who commanded the light to come out of darkness, the God who poured out the light into our hearts, whom we know to be glorified in the face of Jesus Christ.
Blessed are you, you men, and blessed are your servants, that they may always stand before you to hear your wisdom.
If a man's heart is troubled, he will be burned up. A good word will delight him.
Let him be condemned when he is judged. Let his prayer be turned into iniquity.
We touched the wall, and shook it, as the blind; and we kneeled down, as the unwitting man; and we stumbled in the daytime, as in the evening; and we died among the mighty, as in the dead.
Look down from heaven, and see from your holy and glorious place. Where is your zeal and your mighty works? The heart of your love and your compassion are steadfast to me.
You make grass, that the animals may eat, and that the grass may be a labor of men, and that the food may be brought forth out of the earth;
He gave to all Israel, both male and female, a loaf of bread, a loaf of flesh, and a loaf of grapes.
For they all knew that the woman was dead, and they ridiculed him.
Job answered,
Yahweh spoke to Moses and Aaron on Mount Hor, which is by the border of Edom, saying,
In the day of wrath there is no profit, but righteousness delivers from death.
These are the sins of Meribah, because the children of Israel argued with Yahweh; and Yahweh sanctified himself to them.
Then Nebuchadnezzar was full of wrath, and commanded from Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, that men should go to burn more than seven times as much coal;
I will send a fire on the wall of Tyre, And it shall devour its palaces.
and fifty-four thousand four hundred.
Son of man, be a liar to the king of Tyre, and tell him, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: You are perfect, wise, and beautiful.
Yahweh was with the master when he raised them up, and he delivered them out of the hand of their enemies in all the days of the life of the master. They groped because of their oppression, and Yahweh was merciful to them.
The sons of Meshelemiah and their brothers were mighty men of valor, eighteen men.
I have revealed your name to those whom you have chosen out of the world. They are yours, and you have given them, and they have kept your word.
But if a man goes on his way in the night, he shall stumble, because there is no light to go on.
But Jesus said to him, There was a man who was very hungry, and he called many people.
and one male goat for a sin offering, to make atonement for you.
I will rejoice in Jerusalem, and be glad in my people; I will no more hear the cry of weeping, nor the cry of wailing;
Then Laban brought forth to him sons horns, and horned rams, and horned rams, and white goats, and rams of the field.
Then the wicked will be revealed. When he comes, he will kill him with his mouth, And destroy him with the glory of his coming.
After him was Shallum the son of Horohesh, who was one of the rulers of Jerusalem, and his daughters with him.
For he who saves his life shall lose it; and he who loses his life for my sake shall receive it.
He shall not escape from darkness. The fire shall devour his branches. He shall die in the breath of the mouth of Yahweh.
Moreover Yahweh swore to me because of your wrath, and he swore that I would not pass over the Jordan, nor would he cause me to enter into the beautiful land which Yahweh your God will give you to possess it.
You shall offer for this lamb the fourth part of a hin of the meal offering: and in the sanctuary you shall offer the first part of the meal offering to Yahweh.
You say, God has recited his iniquity to his son. I say, He has also repaid him for himself, that he may know it.
You know that we have dealt treacherously with each of you, as with his father, with his sons and with his daughters.
If you, fools, don't die, then will you live?
and to cut stones, and to cut wood, and to make all kinds of work.
Isaac his father said to him, Come now, my son, kiss me.
Your reproof, God of Jacob, has gone forth. The chariots and the horses are in the midst of the people.
While we slept in this tent, we didn't gather up the things that were on the surface of the earth, but we gathered up the things that were thick, that we might recompense the things that were dead.
Return, and tell Jeroboam, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, I have taken you out of the midst of the people, and have made you prince over my people Israel:
But Yahweh brought you out of Egypt from the snare of iron, to be a people of his possession, as it is this day.
The king said, Go, see where he is; and I will send to take him. One said to the king, Behold, he is in Tod.
Jonathan said to him, Tomorrow is the first day of the month, and your words are empty, that you may not be present.
Then Amnon lay unclean, and the king came to see him. Amnon said to the king, Please let my sister Tamar come to me, and make me two loaves before me, and I will eat them out of her hand.
They have poured out your people's blood round about Jerusalem, like water, and no one has buried them.
He sat down in the garments which he had put on, and ate with the king of Babylon all the days of his life.
Their graves were deep in the midst of their pits, and their people were slain by the sword round about their graves; and they were terrorized in the land of the living.
All who remain of your house shall bow down to him, and ask one silver and one bread, saying, Give me one ephod, that I may eat bread.'
The Lord said to them, If you have a great faith, even a mighty one, and command this tree, saying, Take your roots, and plant them in the sea,' then the same tree will obey you.
Therefore I strove before him with my whole heart. When I saw it, I was afraid.
Whoever breaks my covenant, and doesn't listen to the word of my covenant, when he takes a bull out of the midst of him, and breaks his covenant which he made before me,
If you blow only one trumpet, then all the princes, even the heads of the fathers' houses of Israel, shall be gathered to you.
Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered,
The five curtains shall be five in length, and the five curtains shall be five in breadth.
Son of man, behold, the house of Israel says, The vision which he sees is of many days, and the prophecy which he has spoken is a long time.
All the walls of the house round about were painted, even the cherubim, the palm trees, and the pomegranates.
They will be slain and fall. We will rise up and stand still.
Then the heads of fathers' houses of Edom were astonished, and the mighty men of Moab trembled, and lived in the land of Canaan, and all their heart fainted.
The multitudes gathered themselves together, and begged Pilate to release a prisoner according to his ordinance.
Aaron took them out of their hand, and weighed a bull and a reed; and the people said, Israel, your god, who brought you out of the land of Egypt.
Their mouth utters evil words. Their lips have swords. They say, Who has heard it?
But let's speak truth with love, and let's rely on the works of Christ, for he is our head.
He said to Ariel the captain of the king's guard, Why is it that the king's commandment has come to pass? Ariel told Daniel this thing.
He conceived again, and bore a son, and said, I will now praise Yahweh. Therefore he called his name Judah. He ceased, and bore no more.
Before the mountains were established, and the hills were established, I was born.
But not when I am with you, but when I am with you, do it with all your heart and with all your soul.
Joseph received favor in the sight of his master, and served him; and he made him ruler over his house, and gave all that he had into his hand.
For he who hears the law is not a righteous man before God, but he who keeps the law will be justified by God.
I have many things to tell you, but I don't want to give you water or pit; but I hope to come to you, and to speak in front of you, that our joy may be filled.
The king struck Jacob his brother with the edge of the sword.
They can't sing, nor drink wine; But a great drinker will be afflicted.
Yahweh makes known his salvation, His righteousness among the nations.
Pharaoh and Aristhoth were among them; and I have delivered them up to Satan, that they may be judged, and not blasphemed, and blasphemed.
Zebul said to him, Behold, you have said, Who is Abimelech, that we may serve him? Where are the mouths of these words which you speak? Isn't this the people whom you have despised? Go out now, and fight with them.
The king's servants said to him, Haman stands in the court. He said, Bring him in.
The shining of gold comes out of the north. God has great terror.
In the second year I will bring Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon out of this place to Babylon, all the vessels of the house of Yahweh, and I will cause him to return to this place.
But if a husband forgives him in the day that he hears it, all that goes out of his mouth, and all that he vows, and all that he makes, shall not be established: for his husband has forgiven him, and Yahweh will forgive him.
He said to them, Out of the food comes the food, And out of the mighty it comes the wine. They couldn't tell it in three days.
They took the firstborn of his king's son, and offered him for a burnt offering on the wall: and a great famine came on Israel; and they departed from him, and went into their own land.
Yahweh raised up a rival against Solomon, Hadath the Edomite, the son of the king of Edom.
The children of Israel did as Yahweh commanded Moses: and they divided the land.
All things are clean to those who are clean; to those who are unclean, and to those who don't believe, there is nothing unclean. Their heart and their spirit are unclean.
Judah and Israel shall gather themselves together, and shall set up a chief man for themselves, and shall go up out of the earth; for the day of Jezreel shall be a great day.
As Moses and all the congregation of Israel sat at the door of the tent of meeting, suddenly there was a man of Israel, who brought a Midianite to his brother in their sight.
Asa did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, as did David his father.
It happened, when Jehoiakim the son of Josiah, king of Judah, began to reign, that the word came to Yahweh, saying,
All the males of the sons of Aaron shall eat of them, as a portion forever from the offering made by fire to Yahweh, throughout their generations: and all those who touch them shall be holy.
In that day shall you go from Egypt to Assyria; and the Egyptians shall go into Egypt, and the Egyptians into Assyria; and the Egyptians shall serve Yahweh with the Egyptians.
The king said, Yahweh rebuke me more also, if the head of Elisha the son of Shaphan remains in him this day.
He called Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the army who were with him, and all the people, from the youngest of them even to the greatest of them;
but he shall not sigh secretly, neither shall he shout, neither shall he sing: he shall cover his head, he shall clothe his feet, he shall not hide his lips, neither shall he eat the bread of his feast.
Zedekiah the king said, Behold, he is in your hand; he shall not entrap you in anything.
For if we take off our garments, we will not be naked.
When I have spoken, they have no more spoken. My words are poured out on them.
Then shall the inhabitants of the camp, who dwell in the sea, say, Behold, our hope of the days, which we have hoped, which is to escape from the king of Assyria to seek his salvation, is this that we may escape?
If a man says he will trust in the gift, I will. If a man thinks he will trust in the gift, I will certainly believe.
As for the city, Christ didn't become the glory of the high priest, but God said to him, You are my Son, and I have brought forth you this day.
For if David calls him Lord, why is he the son of David?
When they came to Reuel their father, he said to them, Why are you coming this day?
Son of man, I have broken the arm of Pharaoh king of Egypt: I have not covered his wounds, neither girded his waist, nor shaved his knees, that he may have strength to draw his sword.
Mordecai put on the crown of gold in blue and purple, and on the brim of fine twined linen, and came out before the king with a crown of fine twined linen.
For if God had spoken of a new covenant, he would have made the first one a record; and if he had kept it forever, he would have kept it forever.
Behold, Yahweh will come down in the midst of the fire. His chariots will be like a whirlwind. He will punish with wrath. He will punish with the flame.
I tell you, no, but if you don't repent, you will all perish.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: The Gentiles who are not circumcised in heart, and the Gentiles who are not circumcised in body, shall not enter into my sanctuary.
It happened, when he came to Jerusalem, that there were many of the people who were with him, and there were many camels with spices and gold, and precious stones: and when he came to Solomon, he told him all that was in his heart.
They all ate, and cast the grain into the sea, that it might be made sweeter.
Even though his forest is very thick, they shall cut it down; for they are more than locusts, and they shall not be counted.
Are you able to crucify the Word of God? Are you able to crucify the Almighty?
God saw all that he did, and said, Behold, it is good. There is evening and there is morning, a full day.
Then the woman went, and did according to the word of Elijah: and the woman ate with her house, and with Elijah, many days.
I will stand at the tower, and I will stand in the midst of the camp to watch, and to see what he says to me; and I will judge what I say with my mouth.
My face is always toward this city, to bring evil, and to bring good; and this city shall be given into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall burn it with fire.
You shall not offer it to any man, nor give it to him who is rich for a prey.
Yahweh spoke to his servants and to his prophets, saying,
For you have poured out great loving kindness on me. You have delivered my soul from the deep pit of Sheol.
Moreover he received authority to enter into the molten image with a breath of life, that the molten image might speak, and that he should destroy those who didn't worship the molten image.
I will also wash you with clean water, and you shall be clean; and I will cleanse you, and will put away all your filthiness, and all your idols.
This is the burnt offering, the meal offering, the sin offering, the trespass offering, the holy sacrifice, and the peace offerings.
A voice was heard from Dan, and evil was reported from Mount Ephraim.
You shall make a reed of embroidered work. You shall make it with the work of the ephod, of gold, and of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.
Jonah said to them, Take me up, and cast me into the sea, and the sea shall be quiet; for I know that you have found this great wind for my sake.
His chambers were full of treasures and treasures of greatness, even of knowledge.
For they have bound him with the hammer and with the iron; but the iron has broken him, and the iron has broken him. There is no strength to subdue him.
It happened, as he passed by the gate, that he went to his father to take a field: and as he came down from the donkey, Caleb said, What shall you do?
While Peter was still contemplating this vision, the Holy Spirit said to him, Three men are coming to you.
I saw, the palace of the king of Judah was like the crown of Lebanon; but I would surely make it a wilderness, and a city of no man.
He whom God sent spoke the word of God, because he didn't intend to give him the Holy Spirit.
that we may praise the glory of God, all of us who are in Christ,
They don't remember the way of Yahweh, Neither do they honor the work of his hands, In the altar of feasting, In the harp, in the psaltery, and in the trumpet;
He made the bases of it, and the basins of it,
Yahweh, I trust in you. Don't let me be disappointed forever. Deliver me according to your righteousness.
It happened, when there was no wind in the midst of it, that the sky was blown away, because of the wind and the cloud, and the great rain. So Ahab sailed in a chariot to Jezreel.
The horses of the fugitives, which they ride on, are unclean.
The man of God said to him in wrath, Five times in that hour shall you strike Syria, and it shall be utterly destroyed; but three times shall you strike the Syrians.
Peter went with his disciples to the tomb.
But to this day I have the throne of God, that I may stand, and testify against the honorable and the lowly. All that I have spoken, and that which the prophet has spoken, and that which Moses has spoken, are things that will happen.
As for me, am I a sighing man? Why isn't my spirit stirred?
Talshish and the kings of the islands shall be glorified; and Sheba and the king of Sheba shall offer offerings.
But keep all that you have until I come.
But Saul was yet determined to kill the Lord's disciples. He went to the high priest,
The pillars were before the house, one on the right hand, and one on the left: the name of the one on the left was Jachin, and the name of the other Boaz.
I will turn you again, and I will bring you near, and will bring you from the uttermost parts of the north country, and will bring you to the mountain of Israel.
All the people of the land rejoiced, and all the cities were quiet: and they killed Athaliah with the sword in the king's house.
A righteous man walks in his own way, But a wicked man stumbles because of his own wickedness.
Seventy men of your fathers went down into Egypt: now Yahweh your God has made you like the stars of the sky.
Come, house of Jacob! Let us walk in the light of Yahweh.
I will strengthen Pharaoh's heart, And will do many of my signs and wonders in the land of Egypt.
Who has heard of the power of Yahweh? Who has heard of all his fame?
I will say to God, my rock, Why don't you remember me? Why do I grieve, and walk, because of the oppression of my enemies?
As for this, Yahweh commanded him not to follow other gods; but he didn't keep the commandment of Yahweh.
If a rich man sees his brother, or his sister in distress, but doesn't have a loving heart, how can he say that he loves God?
You shall not offer to Yahweh the wounded, or those who seek, or those who are wounded, or those who are weary; neither shall you do so in your land.
Don't be far from me, For there is no one to help me in trouble.
The people cried out, and the priests blew the trumpet: and when the people heard the sound of the trumpet, they cried out with a loud voice: and the wall fell on its roof, and the people went in and went every man in and took the city.
You shall see no more the light of the lamp, neither shall you hear the sound of the bridegroom nor of the bride; for all your merchants are wise men on the earth, and all nations have made your iniquity a snare.
But I will bring them by a whirlwind into the nations which they don't know; and the land shall be desolate after them, so that no man shall pass through it; for they have made a pleasant land desolate.
They lifted up their voice again, and kissed each other. Only Ruth and she left him.
Therefore I hate the book, because all the work that I do under the sun is my labor. For it is vanity and a chasing after wind.
and the tribe of Gad: and the prince of the children of Gad shall be Eliasaph the son of Tiuel.
The children of Israel did according to the word of Moses: they took from the Egyptians vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and garments.
I tell you, if the days of judgment come, the punishment of Sodom is better than the punishment of that city.
They came to hear him, and to be sick with him, and those who had been possessed by demons were also sick.
But he who hears that he doesn't build is like a man who builds a house on the ground, and doesn't have foundation, but a cleft in the wall; and immediately the house falls, and it is very broken.
and all the remnant of this wicked nation, whom I have driven away to them, shall they die, and live, says Yahweh of Armies.
The elder said, Peace be to you. I will give you the fat that you need, but you shall not stay all night in the streets.
I will be merciful to you, and will cause them to be merciful to you, and will cause you to return to your place.
Yahweh, you are everlasting. Your throne endures forever.
When the man saw that he couldn't contain him, he struck Jacob with his right thigh; and when he struck Jacob with his right thigh, he sinned.
There is no one who understands the divisions, Nor who seeks God.
Therefore watch, for you don't know when your master will return, or when he will come, or when he will sleep, or when he will lie down, or when he will wheeze, or when the sun will shine.
Every morning he passes by, and will carry you away. Every morning he passes by, and there is no night; but the word which is preached is feared.
Joseph's master put him into prison, in the place where the king's sin was committed. Joseph was put into prison.
In those days shall the house of Judah walk with all Israel; and they shall come together out of the land of the north, to the land which I gave to your fathers for an inheritance.
To him who created the heavens with wisdom, For his loving kindness endures forever.
In that day, says Yahweh, I will cut off your horses from you, and will destroy your chariots.
Then I answered, Behold, I am come! My things are written in a book.
If the king and the people rebel against this commandment, and persecute the house of God that is in Jerusalem, then let the God of his name destroy them. I, Darius, have utterly broken it.
But I will sacrifice to you with the voice of my peace offerings, And will deliver my vows to Yahweh.
But not everyone has this knowledge. Some worship idols, and when they eat them, they think that they eat idols. Their heart is afflicted with them, and they think that they are defiled with them.
But if I remember that you groan when we are separated, I will be glad to see you again, that I may be filled with joy.
Why am I able to bear you alone, my fellow man, your oppression, and your strife?
When he was sitting with them, he took the bread, and gave it to them.
Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, Who does marvelous things.
and said to them, You did that which Moses the servant of God commanded you, and you did that which I commanded you.
For fire has risen in my anger to the depths of Sheol, and has devoured the earth and its fruit, and has burned the foundations of the mountains with fire.
It happened, while he was contemplating, that a angel of the Lord appeared in his dream, and said, Don't be afraid, Joseph, son of David: take Mary as wife; for her snare is from the Holy Spirit.
My soul longs for the house of Yahweh. My heart cries to Yahweh, My flesh, and my soul.
When you pray, don't be like the hypocrites, who stand in a synagogue or in a street to pray, because they want to be seen; for most assuredly I tell you, they have received their reward.
The heavens shall show his iniquity, And the earth shall rise against him.
My feet walk in your ways. My feet have not trodden.
He also gave thanks to the God who led Israel through the midst of them, for his loving kindness endures forever.
Go in, and tell Pharaoh king of Egypt, Let Israel go out of his land.
These are the work of the house of the Gershonites:
He asked the priests and the prophets who were in the house of Yahweh of Armies, saying, Shall I now do so, while I weep in the fifth month to separate the children of men?
He sent another servant to gather grain, and the farmers broke his head, and made him a reproach.
If anyone preaches anything that doesn't conform to the teaching of our Lord Jesus Christ, and doesn't walk in the example of godliness,
He took the basket of unleavened bread out of the presence of Yahweh, one unleavened bread, one anointed bread, and one poached bread, and put them on the oil and on the frying pan.
Sidon and the inhabitants of Albuath are your snares. The wise men of your midst are your enemies.
God is king over all nations. God sits on his holy throne.
and how he dealt with Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab, the children of Reuben, and with the mouths of the children of Israel, to devour them, and their houses, and their tents, and all their living creatures.
You shall tell your sons, We were bondservants of Pharaoh in Egypt; and Yahweh brought us out of Egypt with a mighty hand.
Yahweh abhors deceit, But he delights in justice.
In those days the princes of Judah sent letters to Obadiah, and Obadiah sent letters to them.
You shall send one of you to your brother; and you shall shut up your mouths there, that you may see whether you are righteous, and if not, that I may swear by Pharaoh's life: you shall surely die.
These were the sons of Haman the son of Haman, the son of Hamatha the son of Hamath the son of Hamath the son of Hamath: but they didn't take anything of them.
You will be hated by all men for my name's sake, But he who endures will be saved.
They hurried, and put every man his clothes on the clefts of the pillars, and put them under Jehu: and they blew the trumpets, and said, Jehu is king!
You shall give a wave to Moab, that he may flee; and his cities shall be laid waste, and no man shall dwell therein.
Paul and Barnabas preached the Good News in Telbe, and many were converted. They returned to Lystra, and to Ephesus, and to Antioch,
You have come up to the high place, and have taken the rebuke; you have received their offering from among men; and the rebellious also have offered it, that Yahweh God may dwell among them.
Paul, the apostle of Christ Jesus in Ephesus by the will of God,
Can a meal be eaten that doesn't contain salt? Or a drink that is two thousand times as sweet?
Jethro, Moses' father-in-law, took Zibbolah, Moses' wife, whom he had sent away,
The animals came in and lived in the caves.
then the two burnt offering shall stand before Yahweh, and before the priests, and before the judges.
The brooks of Edom shall become mud, and the dust shall become mud. The land of it shall become mud.
Thus says Yahweh: If my covenant of the day and of the night shall fail, and I have not set the statutes of heaven,
The shields of his mighty men were of brass, and all his chariots of war were of brass; and the pillars of his chariots were shattered in the day that he prepared for war; and his spear could not be withdrawn.
The arches of the court shall be fifty cubits long, and the pillars of the court ten, and ten.
and commanded the children of Judah, and the young men and the women, from the king's soothsayers to the king's provinces, to destroy them, and to kill them, and to cause them to perish, from the twelfth month, which is the twelfth month, in the twelfth day of the month Adar, and to take their spoil, and to make war.
I saw in the midst of you, O king, a stronger light than the sun, and it came down from the sky, and fell on me and on my companions round about.
But he who dies lies down straight. How long will he be, Where is he?
I will ask again, Don't the children of Israel truly know? Moses said before, I will provoke you to anger with men who are not of my people, and with wrath which I have provoked against you by men who don't know me.
My lips don't speak unrighteously. My tongue doesn't speak deceit.
Behold, God has done great things with his power. Who is like him in teaching?
You shall therefore keep all the commandments which I command you this day, that you may prosper, and that you may enter into the land where you go over to possess it;
You shall not eat of all that is left of you, that the foreigner who is in the way may eat, or that the foreigner may not eat: for you are a holy people, a God to Yahweh your God. Don't feed the goat with the milk of his mother's breast.
Joshua took a stone of fire, and cast it on Mount Peor, and circumcised the children of Israel.
Moses took the children of Israel from the Red Sea; and they went out into the wilderness of Shur; and they walked in the wilderness three days, and found no water.
They shall live in their own land, and none shall make them afraid; and they shall bring them again from among the nations, and they shall gather themselves together from the land of their enemies: and they shall bear their shame, and their iniquity, when I make them holy in their new land before the nations.
If you have words to say, answer me. Say it to me, for I desire to make you righteous.
Assyria shall see it, and be afraid; Gaza shall see it, and be afflicted; and Ekron shall see shame, and be disappointed in hope: and Assyria shall have no king, nor man in it.
The king of Memucan answered before the king and the princes, and said, The work of Vashti the king's sluggard is not against the king, neither is it against the king of Ahasuerus against all the princes of the provinces.
When they came to the rest of the disciples, behold, great multitudes surrounded them, and a scribe with them.
He said to them, This is not everyone who receives it, but he who receives it will receive it.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: In that day shall be a reviving of your heart, and you shall seek evil counsel;
I will stretch out his hand to the great sea, And his right hand to the great river.
I heard a voice out of heaven, like the sound of a flood, and like the sound of thunder; and I heard it, like the sound of a harp, and of a harp.
When the Sabbath was yet a day old, I commanded to shut up the gates of Jerusalem; and I commanded that they should not open until the Sabbath day: and I appointed certain servants over the gates, that no man should come in any more on the Sabbath day.
I will multiply your seed exceedingly. The kingdom will be established from you, and the king from you.
He conceived, and bore a son; and Judah called his name El.
Behold, I write a great letter to you.
So that we are no more children, neither do we cause every whirlwind to tremble, and to take advantage of man's bribes and his snares, that they may be taken away.
Jesus said to them, Young men, do you have fish? They said, No fish.
Then the king sent out his messengers, and they brought him to Daniel, to cast him into the midst of the lion. The king said to Daniel, Your God, your servant, whom you serve continually, he will deliver you.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: In those days shall ten men gather up a garment of a man of Judah out of all his people, and shall gather it, saying, We will go with you; for we have heard that Yahweh is with you.
The beams of our house are cedar beams, And their horns are cedar beams.
But you are redeemed, and your greatness is destroyed. Why do you scoff at men? Why do you scoff at robbers?
I baptized you in water, that you might be cleansed; but he who comes after me has greater power than I, and I am not worthy of his sword. He will baptize you in the Holy Spirit and in the fire.
Honor the woman who reigns in her power.
My people are in danger, and you shall not enter into their gates; they are in danger, and you shall not see their affliction; they are in danger, and you shall not touch their goods.
Elisha said to his servants, Tell him, Behold, you have a very great heart for us: now therefore what shall you do to us? Why do you want me to speak to the king or to the captain of the army? The woman answered, I dwell among my people.
It happened, while Samuel was offering his burnt offering, that the Philistines came near to fight against Israel: and Yahweh came with a loud voice against the Philistines that day, and struck them; and they were slain before Israel.
Saul had given Miriam his daughter, the wife of David, as wife to Phantham the son of Laish the Calemite.
For the blood of oxen and sheep shall not put away man's sin.
There is a sword outside, and there is a pestilence and a famine; and there is a great sword in the field, and it shall die; and the pestilence and the pestilence shall devour the city.
Though there is no other Good News, I say this because of the fear of those who mock you, and seek to despise the Good News of Christ.
You shall appoint your brother a poor man to dwell with you; and you shall keep him, that he may dwell with you, as a stranger and as a foreigner.
If there be iniquity in your hand, put it away far away, and don't let unrighteousness dwell in your tents.
The eyes of God were on the elders of Judah, and they didn't let them go; until the matter came to Darius, and they were instructed to do it.
His brother came out after him, and his hand was on Esau's foot, and he named him Jacob. Isaac was sixty years old when his sons were born.
I heard a voice out of heaven, saying, Write now! Blessed are those who are to be sanctified by the Lord! The Holy Spirit says, It is, and they shall rest from their affliction; for the fruit of their affliction shall follow them.
This song shall be a witness against them in the time of their many calamities; for the mouth of their seed shall remember it, and shall not forget it: for I knew it, before I had brought them into the land which I swore to swear to, and the thoughts of the ships in which they sailed.
If a man doesn't reconcile his heart, He is as a destroyed city without wall.
I don't fear that when I come again to you, my God will make me ashamed before you, and I will weep for many, because they have not repented of their sins, nor of their iniquities, nor of their sexual immorality, nor of their sexual immorality.
Then they and their disciples drew near, and drew near.
Let your works be revealed to your servants. Let your glory be revealed to our seed.
You have diminished the days of his virginity, And made her great shame. Selah.
The heads of fathers' houses hated Joseph, and didn't bring him into Egypt; but God was with him.
The second, the third, and the seventh were alike.
As the Lord did to his own husband, so shall he do to her, the daughter-in-law.
Behold, the name of Yahweh is far off, and his anger is risen up, and his secret smoke is high; His lips are full of wrath, His tongue like a devouring fire.
You have committed adultery with me, house of Israel, as a woman has committed adultery from her husband, says Yahweh.
Joseph lived with his father's household in Egypt, and he lived one hundred years.
Behold, the king, behold, a voice of a great image; and the image was great, and exceedingly troubled, and stood before you; and the appearance of it was frightening.
Jonah prayed to Yahweh his God in the belly of the fish, saying,
Therefore keep all my statutes and all my ordinances, that you not let the land where I brought you out of your habitations go out.
Abraham arose, and fell on his face to the men of the land, of the children of Heth.
It happened, when Jesus came, that Lazarus was buried in the tomb, and it was the fourth day.
The Spirit of the Lord came on me, because he anointed me to preach the Good News to the poor. He sent me to prophesy, saying, He who is taken will be freed, and he who is blind will see, and he who is oppressed will be freed.
But if we say that we have a relationship with God, yet live in darkness, we speak lies, and don't do the truth.
Yahweh is my rock, my high place, my salvation; my God, my rock, I will trust in him; my shield, my shield, my stronghold.
The gold of an open field shall not find it; Neither shall the emerald of precious stones nor the ruby of precious stones be found it.
They said to the king Nebuchadnezzar, Long live the king.
What is the foundation of it? Who is the comforter of its corners?
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Behold, my servant shall eat, and you shall thirst; behold, my servant shall drink, and you shall thirst; behold, my servant shall rejoice, and you shall be disappointed.
He said to them, I am. They fell on their faces, and fell on their faces.
according to the will of God, Jesus Christ, who sacrificed to himself once, was sanctified to God.
When Pharaoh's servants saw him, they praised Pharaoh; and the woman was brought into Pharaoh's palace.
Then they made the images of the bulls, and sacrificed to the idol, and rejoiced in the images which they made with their own hands.
Immediately the men who were looking for him departed, knowing that he was a Roman, and that they had bound him, and were afraid.
If you will listen diligently to the statutes and to the ordinances which Yahweh has commanded Moses to teach Israel, you shall prosper: you shall be well; don't be afraid, neither be dismayed.
I have counsel and understanding. I have understanding and power.
Then Paul went out from them.
For I am also a man put to the test, and a soldier put to the test. I said to one, Go,' and he went; and to another, Come,' and he came; and to my servant, Do this,' and he did this.
Noah lived from the iniquity three hundred fifty years.
It happened on the third day, that there was a division in Cana in Galilee, and his mother was a prostitute.
He buried and rose up the third day, as it is written.
Then Delilah bound him with new cords, and said to him, Samson, the Philistines are come to take you! Then the robbers hid themselves in the chamber; and Samson cut off the cords of his hand, as he did cut off a cord.
Our heart has broken, and our mouth is opened to you, friends of Corinth.
For the evil that comes from God has made me afraid; For his wrath I can't stand.
Then Solomon built an altar on the top of the hill before Jerusalem for Chemosh, the god of affliction of Moab, and for Moloch, the god of affliction of the children of Ammon.
Behold, Assyria was a cedar tree in Lebanon; and its branches were beautiful, and its shadow was like a forest, and its branches were high, and its branches were left in the midst of the cloud.
The evil of Moab is at hand. His troubles are near.
Speak to God, and be astonished at your works. For your power is exalted, And all your enemies are subdued.
The seventh poured out his flute into the sky, and a loud voice came out of the throne of the temple, saying, All is well.
Don't put a veil on your neck, And don't put a sling on your neck.
The sheep were the shepherds who came in by the gate.
But Pilate answered him, Paul is still in Caesarea, and I will return there shortly.
The light of the righteous will be understood, But the lamp of the wicked will die.
You shall drink water according to the weight of it, one hundred eighty-six hins a day, and you shall drink it in due season.
Do you offer sacrifices and offerings to me, house of Israel, forty years in the wilderness?
I have seen the deeds of the Jews, and have been astonished, yet I serve the Lord with my eyes closed.
From the beginning even to this day there is no end, neither ever will there be any end.
Now therefore, Judah and Jerusalem, set yourselves up, and stand, and see that Yahweh is coming to save you: don't be afraid, nor be dismayed; go out to them tomorrow; for Yahweh is with you.
The promise which God spoke to Abraham came near, and the children of Israel multiplied in Egypt.
The trees of the field shall yield, and the ground shall yield; and they shall dwell in their own land; and I will break the yoke of their yoke, and will deliver them out of the hand of those who take them for a prey; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
This was the law in Israel: and the daughters of Israel went up to the daughter of Jephthah the Gileadite every year, and the year was a day.
He went up from there to the mountain that is on the east of Bethel, and stayed there: and on the west side is Bethel, and on the east side Ai: and there he built an altar to Yahweh, and called on the name of Yahweh.
But you, Lord, are our dwelling place throughout our generations.
For from the day that I brought forth your fathers out of Egypt to this day, I commanded them, rising up early and directing them, saying, You shall listen to my voice.'
In the twenty-threeth year of Joash the son of Ahaziah king of Judah began Jehoahaz the son of Jehu to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned seven years.
If he has done nothing wrong, it is out of his own heart, and he has done that which is right in his own heart, that he will not split the wife. So it is good.
Behold, those who prophesy with false dreams, and speak their dreams, and send my people with lies and deceit, says Yahweh, and I strike them: for I have not sent nor commanded them, says Yahweh, and they have not profited from this people.
By the border of Ephraim, from the east side to the west side, Reuben, one portion.
They forsook Yahweh, and served Baal and Ashtaroth.
Those who came near to him were the tribe of Manasseh; and the prince of the children of Manasseh was Gamaliel the son of Paddash.
For you have heard the word of Yahweh your God, and have kept all his commandments, which I command you this day, and have done that which is right in the eyes of Yahweh your God.
Thus says Yahweh: For three transgressions of Israel, yes, for four, I will not turn away its punishment; For they have given to the righteous money, And to the poor a portion.
Will we therefore perish from the law because of this faith? No, but we have established the law.
Then they muttered before all the people, and made a mockery of themselves in their hand, and wrote mockery in the gate of the city, so that they left them lying in wait.
Jacob came to his father, and said, My father. He said, Here I am. My son, who are you?
He walked in the ways of the kings of Israel, and in the ways of the house of Ahab; for he took the daughter of Ahab as wife, and did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh.
A holy man speaks like a robber, But a wise man's tongue is good.
The princes said to Baruch, Go with Jeremiah, and hide yourselves from men; don't let them know where you are.
How he revealed his signs in Egypt, And his wonders in the field of Zoan,
Jesus said to him, Peter, I tell you, before the house weeps, you haven't answered me in three days.
This day Yahweh your God commanded you to do the statutes and the ordinances: therefore keep them with all your heart and with all your soul, and do them.
Yahweh, the God of Israel, said, I hate the wife of a donkey, and the man who deals treacherously with her: therefore beware of your spirit, and don't do wickedly, says Yahweh of Armies.
He brought me to the door of the court. When I looked, behold, there was a hole in the wall.
and one male goat for a sin offering, to make atonement for you.
Brothers, I tell you that the flesh of the flesh can't inherit the Kingdom of God. But the flesh of the flesh can't inherit it.
Yes, you will extol me with great joy, And rebuke me with my disobedience;
I will cause men to walk on you, even on my people Israel; and they shall possess you, and you shall be their possession; and you shall no more make them desolate.
He said, Who will first tell Abraham, Sarah will give her a baby suckling?' for will I give her a son in her old age?
Don't let a son die for his father's sake, neither let a son die for his father's sake. Every man shall die for his sin.
and the garments, and the leprosy of the house,
But Melchizedek was not a Levite; but he received ten thousand from Abraham, and blessed Abraham, whom God had promised.
He who trusts in his riches stumbles. The righteous flourishes like a green tree.
If any man is high above you, aren't we higher? But we have not established this highness, but have persevered in it, that the Good News of Christ may not be cut off.
My mouth will speak truth. My lips hate evil.
Then said Naaman, If not, please give your servant the two heaps of dust which they have poured out; for your servant shall no more offer burnt offerings or sacrifices to other gods, but to Yahweh.
While they were eating, Jesus took bread and thanksgiving, and broke it, and gave to his disciples, saying, Go, eat. This is my body.
Yahweh is a God of wrath, and he has done vengeance. Yahweh is vengeance and wrath. Yahweh is vengeance to his enemies, and he is angry with his enemies.
It is not pleasing to the Lord that a man put the prisoner of the world under his feet.
Now therefore fear Yahweh, and do it diligently; for Yahweh our God has not done unrighteousness, nor trespassed, nor taken a bribe.
neither shall you let him sleep, until he has built Jerusalem, that it may be a place of praise on the earth.
When Samuel heard all the words of the people, he gave them to Yahweh.
They took the livestock of the Hagrites: five hundred camels, twenty-five sheep, two thousand donkeys, and ten thousand men.
The cloud of Yahweh was on the tabernacle in the daytime; and there was fire in the midst of it, before the eyes of all the house of Israel: so they did before and after.
Escape from the midst of Babylon, and go forth out of the land of the Chaldeans, and go forth as a young goat before a flock.
They said to him, Lord, open our eyes, that we may see.
He created the heavens, the earth, the sea, and all that is therein; He kept the truth to the earth forever.
When the apostles of Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent Peter and John to them.
Woe to those who are quiet in Zion, and to those who are secure in Mount Samaria, and to the princes of the first nations among the nations, to whom the house of Israel belongs!
Then shall those who do evil, my enemies, come against me to eat my flesh; and they shall stumble with their feet.
The angel said to me, Prophesy again concerning the things which God prophesies concerning all the peoples, and concerning the kingdoms, and concerning the laws, and concerning the kings.
and the great scepter, and the signs, and the wonders, and the mighty hand, and the outstretched arm, which your eyes saw, by which Yahweh your God brought you forth out of Egypt; and so will Yahweh your God do to all the peoples of the land where you are afraid.
Now the king took all the priests of the idols whom the kings of Judah had made to burn incense in the cities of Judah, and on the high places that were round about Jerusalem; and all the kings of it took away, and burned incense in Baal, and in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars of the sky, and all the people.
Yes, the light of the wicked will roar, And his flame will not shine.
His right hand lifts up my head. His right hand lifts me up.
Heshbon, and the cities of the plain, Tibbon, and Pabulik, and Pelekban,
Abram was with Hagal in the chamber; and Hagal grew old; and he knew that he was old, and despised his wife.
You gave them this land flowing with milk and honey, which you swore to their fathers to give them.
Yahweh will kill you before their face, and you shall go out against them from a distance, and shall flee before them from seven distances: and you shall be scattered among the nations of the earth.
Yahweh came again, and said to him, This man is not your reward, but your reward from your own womb.
When the priest shall go in, he shall not go out of the sanctuary to any other place; but he shall let them loose the garments that they have put on when they did this, for they are holy: and he shall put them in the place of the people.
John answered them, I have baptized you in water, but a more mighty man is coming, and I will not lose his sword. He will baptize you in the Holy Spirit and in fire.
My sister, my bride, you have turned away my heart. You have turned away my heart with one look at your eyes. You have taken away my heart with one golden chain around your neck.
I will afflict him with the pestilence and with the blood; and I will bring down on him, and on his armies, and on the people who are with him, a great storm, and a great hail, and a great fire.
A proud man turns away his face, But wise is he who is a thief.
For many were possessed by demons, and the demon cried aloud, and went out from those who were possessed; and many were demons, and many were lame.
Blessed is he who does that which is right in his own eyes, and doesn't sin.
His breath was long; and he named his son Benjamin in the time of his death; but his father named him Benjamin.
There were also two olive trees: one on the right side of the anointing oil, and one on the left side of the anointing oil.
Leap, you people of Dan: flee, hide yourself; for I will bring his evil on Esau, when I will punish him.
For he will not put me to death by the womb. My mother will be my tomb. She will be a constant in my body.
So he who sent me here is not you, but God. He made me as Pharaoh's father, lord over all his house, and ruler over all the land of Egypt.
The people sat down and walked as the Anakim; but Yahweh destroyed them before the children of Ammon; and they possessed their land, and lived therein.
The heads of fathers' houses of Judah shall say in their heart, The inhabitants of Jerusalem are my strength, because they trust in their God, Yahweh of Armies.
Some of the Pharisees said, This man didn't receive the Sabbath, but from God. Others said, Why do sinners do such signs? They were divided.
You shall burn your house with fire, and judge you before many women; and I will not make you to commit adultery any more, nor send you any more.
He pursued them, and walked in a way that he had not gone, and passed over in peace.
Don't turn to those who are possessed by demons, and to those who walk in demons; neither go to inquire of them until they are defiled: I am Yahweh your God.
Levi feasted a great feast for him in their house. Many of the tax collectors and many others came to eat bread with them.
He said, Please let me go; for we have sacrificed in the city, and my brother has commanded me to go: now therefore, if I have found favor in your sight, please let me go to my brothers.' Therefore he didn't come to sit with the king.
But if they are a servant to the people before their idols, and a stumbling block to the house of Israel, says the Lord Yahweh, therefore have I lifted up my hand against them, and they shall bear their iniquity.
You shall not eat one day, two days, five days, ten days, and twenty days,
Now therefore don't be dismayed, lest the cords of your yoke be stiffened; for I have heard from the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, that he will surely do that which is cause to perish on the earth.
Yahweh will lead you continually in a desert land, that you may be full of spirit, and be strong in bones; and you shall be as a barren field, and as a barren spring.
Eleazar the priest said to the multitude that returned from the war, Thus says Yahweh concerning the law which he commanded Moses:
Isaac and Ishmael his sons buried him in the cave at Makpelah: and the cave was before Mamre, in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite;
My eyes are broken in sorrow. I call to you day and night, Yahweh. I lift up my hands to you.
Seven days they laid their hands on their brothers who lived in their villages.
But they had no sons; for Elisabeth was no more; and the years of the men were yet two years.
The righteous heard, and were exceedingly angry, that they might kill them.
and not as in the day that I commanded the judges to rule over my people Israel; but I will give you rest from all your enemies; and Yahweh will tell you, Yahweh will build you up your house.
Sodom and Gomorrah, and the cities that are round about them, with the angels, have committed adultery, and have sanctified the earth with the fire, that they may be punished forever. This shall be a statute to all men.
He didn't afflict us, but we said, The Lord's sake be done.
This is the feast of Yahweh, which you shall prophesy in the day that Yahweh shall prophesy.
that he may make an everlasting covenant with his seed for the priesthood, because he has a perfect heart for his God, and has sinned against Israel.
Therefore, first of all, I beg you to pray to God, and to pray, and to pray, and to give thanks to all who are around you.
My throat is dried up because of my cry. My eyes are dried up because of God.
On the eighth day the child shall be circumcised.
then you shall deal with him, as he thought to deal with his brother; so shall you put away the evil from the midst of you.
The children of Babylon, and the Chaldeans, and the children of Pekkoth, and Shua, and the children of Goa; and all the children of Assyria with them, captains of hundreds, and officers, and captains of hundreds, and riders on horses, all of them devoted young men.
As they worshiped the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Spirit said, Send for me Barnabas and Saul, that they may do the work for me.
If you will receive these prophecies, this is Elijah who comes.
But the child didn't know what this was; but Jonathan and David knew it.
Moses burned the head and the flesh, and the oil, one by one.
Sing to him, and sing to him. Pray for all his wonders.
not their father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father. According to their father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father
A rich man thinks that his wealth is his strong city, Like a high wall to go up.
It happened, when the captivity came from Babylon to Jerusalem, that Seshabzad took all these captive.
Abimelech said, I don't know who did this, neither did you tell me; but I have heard it to this day.
These shall go up to the mountain of Zion, to judge the mountain of Esau; and the kingdom shall be Yahweh's.
When king Herod heard of it, his heart was troubled, and all Jerusalem was troubled.
You shall bring Aaron and his sons to the door of the tent of meeting, and wash them with water.
Help me, Yahweh my God, In your loving kindnesses, Save me.
It happened, when I sat at the table, that my sweet ointment was poured out of my mouth.
Gad will exalt his army, But he will exalt their feet.
They have blown the trumpet, they have prepared the threshing floor; but no man has gone out to battle; for my wrath has been kindled against all them.
Then there was war again with the Philistines in Gob: and Sibcai the Hoshazite killed a great family, whose name was Shub.
Kill the ox at the door of the tent of meeting before Yahweh.
He said to them, How many loaves do you have? They said, Seven.
Esther's commandment to Percus was written in a book.
He was angry with his three friends, because they didn't answer them; yet Job the captain of the guard sinned.
In that day you shall tell your sons, This is what Yahweh has done to me when I came forth out of Egypt.
Then all who call on the name of Yahweh shall be saved; for out of Mount Zion and out of Jerusalem shall flee, as Yahweh has spoken, and out of the remnant of the people shall Yahweh call.
Whatever you shall do with your hand, do it with all your might; for there is no work, neither counsel, nor knowledge, neither is there wisdom, in the land where you go.
Then Boaz said to the chief grain bearer whom he had appointed, Whose daughter is this?
King Solomon sent Benaiah the son of Jehoiada; and he struck him, and put him to death.
The Syrians fled before Israel; and David struck the seven hundred chariots and horsemen of Syria, and killed them all; and he struck Sochach the captain of their army, and put him to death there.
Awake, you sinners, and weep. Awe, you sweet-hearted, and weep for the sweet, for there is no time to come to your mouth.
I have heard that there is a division among you in this assembly, and I believe that it is true.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, Behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that I will punish the engraved images of Babylon; and all the wounded will cry out.
Now all the house have risen up against your handmaid, and have said, Deliver the brother's body, that we may put him to death, and save the life of his brother, and cast away his retribution.' So they will blot out the residue of my fire, and will not leave my husband a name to his seed in the world.
Micaiah said, I have seen all Israel scattered as sheep without a shepherd on the mountains. Thus says Yahweh, There is no lord among them, but they shall return every man to his house in peace.
In the day that Gog rises up against the land of Israel, says the Lord Yahweh, My wrath will come out of my nostrils.
He went out on the Mount of Olives, and the apostles followed him.
They gave him a drink of bitter wine, but he didn't drink.
All the food that is eaten in that place is unclean, and the drink that is uncovered in it is unclean; and the drink that is in that vessel is unclean.
He didn't spare the hand of a man, but gave life, breath, and all things to him.
According to what he said in Hoshea, These are not my people, and I will call them my people; and these are not my desire, and I will call them my desire.
Let the heavens be opened, and come down. Let the mountains be astonished at your presence.
When he has sinned, he cries out. His counsel in that day is empty.
The word of Yahweh came to Nathan that night, saying,
Jesus answered them, God has done all that man can't do.
In the mouth of fools lies prophecy, Like a thorn in a serpent's hand.
It happened, when the wife of Phinehas, Eli's mother, was about to come to the harvest, that she heard that the ark of Yahweh was taken away, and that the widow and the husband were dead, and she sat down, and bore a son, because the love of her husband had come quickly.
Manoah said to the angel of Yahweh, Please let me keep you, that we may prepare you a male goat.
The king of Israel said, Take Micaiah, and deliver him up to Amon the governor of the city, and to Joash the king's son, saying,
David said to the young man who spoke to him, Where have you come from? He said to him, I am the son of an Amalekites, a foreigner.
The man said, What is your name? He said, I am Jacob.
Jonathan made a covenant with the house of David, and said, Yahweh take it from the hand of the enemies of David.
Joseph's sons, whom he bore in Egypt, were two: and Jacob's house came to Egypt, and there were seventy men.
Take heed to yourself that you don't offer your burnt offerings in your own land.
I saw, and behold, you have sinned against Yahweh your God, and have given yourself a bull, and have turned aside from the way which Yahweh commanded you.
Judah took with him a sign from the army of the Romans, and from the chief priests, and from the Pharisees, that they should come to the temple, with lamps, and flamingos, and shields.
If a servant escapes from his master, and runs to you, you shall not deliver him to his master.
Arise, and raise up your child, and carry him in your hand, and I will make him a great nation.
one third of it shall be in the king's house, and one third at the gate of the garden; and all the people shall be in the court of the house of Yahweh.
When all things are subdued to him, the Son will also be subdued to him who made all things subdued, that God may rule over all things.
The woman said to Elijah, What have I to do with you, man of God? Come to me, that Yahweh may remember my sin, and that my son may die.
That you may escape from the wicked, From those who speak unrighteously.
So David set up a camp of soldiers in the land of Aram in Damascus; and the Syrians subdued David, and honored him. Yahweh gave him victory wherever he went.
Woe to them! Woe to them! They will ask a vision from the prophets! But the law of the priests and the counsel of the elders will be broken.
Saul said at that time, I will not eat. But his servants and his wives drew near to him, and he heard their mouths, and sat down on the bed.
Many will be sanctified to whiteness, and will be judged; but the wicked will continue to do evil; and all the wicked will not be understood, but the wise will be understood.
Jesus said to him, Your brother will rise again.
Israel saw Joseph's two sons, and said, Who is this?
Stand firm in faith. Be strong and steadfast.
Yahweh said to me, Son of man, will you judge Ahorah and Ahorah? show them the abominations that they have committed.
You son of the devil! Why do you desire to obey the truth of the Lord, full of all righteousness and wickedness?
One of them, Simon, sat in the boat, and Jesus charged him to get out of the boat from the dock. He sat and taught the multitudes in the boat.
Therefore Jesus understood and said to them, Lazarus is dead.
Jesus said to him, Most assuredly I tell you, today you will sigh two times in the dark, and three times answer me.
He stretched forth his hand as he did, and stood on my head: and the Spirit carried me up into heaven and into the midst of the earth, in the vision of God, and brought me to Jerusalem toward the north gate; and there was an engraved image, a mighty one.
The king said to them, As you have seen, so will I do. So the king stood by the gate of the city, and the people went out one hundred and one thousand according to their houses.
They asked him to stay some days, but he didn't answer.
You shall bring my firstborn son. Your oxen and your sheep shall do the same. Seven days you shall follow her, and on the eighth day you shall bring her to me.
Some of the most holy men buried St. Thomas, and wept for him with a loud voice.
One length, twenty-five thousand, and a breadth one hundred, shall be for the Levites who are sent out of the house, for their possession, twenty chambers.
Will his loving kindness fade away forever, And his promise be cut off forever?
Saul arose from the ground, and his eyes were closed, and he didn't see anything. They took him by the hand, and brought him into Damascus.
When the five princes of the Philistines saw it, the city returned that day to Ekron.
You shall write a letter to the angels of the assembly in Alexandria, saying, Amen, a witness of truth, and the firstborn of God,
Yahweh your God show us the way and the work which we shall do.
Therefore they fear him. He doesn't set the heart of wisdom in order.
Wherever you are, be it like a fig tree. There is a first fig tree, and when you stir it up, it bursts into the mouth of those who eat.
His right hand will lift up my head, And his left hand will take hold of me.
I have preached to you the word which I wrote, that Christ died for our sins, as it is written,
God helped him against the Philistines, and against the Arabians who lived in Gibeah, and against the Midianites.
The spoil, which the soldiers took with them, were sixty-seven thousand five thousand sheep;
You shall do no service in this day; for it is a day of iniquity, in which you are sinned before Yahweh your God.
Yahweh, God of Armies, which of you is mighty? Your faithfulness is round about you.
He gave thanks to the God of Og king of Bashan, for his loving kindness endures forever.
They shall be in the midst of the lowland, and shall be lowland; and their cities shall be in the midst of the uttermost cities.
For a little while, my anger will be kindled against you, And my wrath will cease from their destruction.
He said, Why will my lord pursue after his servant? What have I done that I have not seen? What is evil in my hands?
You have kept my head in the day of battle, The strength of my salvation, Lord Yahweh.
The Amalekites made Niphaz and Tarthak; and the children of Sepharvaim burnt the sons and the daughters of Sepharvaim with fire, and gave them to Adrammelech and Anammelech, the gods of Sepharvaim.
I have not hidden your righteousness from my heart. I have set my eyes on your faithfulness and on your salvation. I have not hidden your loving kindness and your faithfulness in the great assembly.
I asked for this child, and Yahweh gave me what I asked of him.
Jeshurun is a desolation, and you are a desolation, and your flesh is shattered; and he has departed from Yahweh his Maker, and has despise his rock.
There was a man who cut his hand, and the bones of his ribs fell into the water. He cried out, and said, Woe, my lord! the bones of this rib are come.
Now when the princes of the Philistines came out to battle, and they came out every day, David prospered more than the servants of Saul; and his name was greatly honored.
The man said, The woman whom you have given me, give me the fruit of her hands, and I will eat.
Then I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, watching the wind on the four sides, so that it could not come on the earth, and on the sea, and on all its branches.
The man who ate the bread was five thousand.
Seven tables of stew, full of the last seven evil angels, came to me, one of them, saying, Come, and I will show you the bride of the Lamb.
They will not judge him in righteousness, nor chasten him in parables, saying, What shall you do with many things that are not theirs? Take many things that are not theirs, and you will be troubled.
Yahweh said, What do I do here, seeing my people have gone into captivity without cause? Yahweh said, Let their rulers cry out, and my name is blasphemed all day long.
There were battles from heaven, and the stars came from their riches, and battled with Sisera.
The rancher said to Pharaoh, The women of the Hebrews and the women of Egypt don't know; for they have more strength than the women of Egypt; for the rancher is yet to come, and they are conceived.
But I, Daniel, one saw it; for he who was with me didn't see the vision; but he trembled, and fled.
But I left seven thousand men among the children of Israel: their feet didn't pass over Baal, neither did their lips kiss him.
that whoever kills a man, whoever kills his neighbor wrongfully, let him flee there; and if he has fled into the cities, he shall live;
and the head on the brass, with the bands of a man's horn, and the bands of a man's horn, five thousand shekels;
They fell all on the ground, and covered the earth.
For as the ground has multiplied its grain, and the field has multiplied its fruit, so will the Lord Yahweh bring righteousness and praise before all nations.
I will walk in a perfect way. When will you come to me? I will walk in my house with a perfect heart.
But I preserve my holy name, which the house of Israel blasphemes among the nations where they go.
Yahweh listened to the voice of the children of Israel, and delivered the Canaanites to them; and they destroyed the Canaanites, and all their cities: and the name of that place was called Hormah.
You shall be astonished. You shall be covered with blindness. They have not sinned because of wine. They have sinned because of wine.
So it was, because now the glory was greater than the former, so that the greatness of the glory was ceased.
Remember that you were bondservants in Egypt, and Yahweh your God redeemed you from there: therefore I command you to do so.
Jehoiakim slept with his fathers; and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his place.
When they heard his teaching, they marveled.
They answered Joshua, Because it is certain to your servant that Yahweh your God has commanded Moses his servant to give you all this land, and that he has destroyed all the inhabitants of the land before you, we will not do this thing for your sake.
Woe to you in that time, when evil comes from a far country? When will you run, and seek who will save you? Where will your treasure be?
They shall prepare the lambs morning by morning, the meal offering, and the oil, for a continual burnt offering.
For the cry of Heshbon is come to Elialeh, and continues to Jahaz; and from Zoar to Horonim, and continues to Egloniah: for the waters of Nimri shall dry up.
When Moses' hand was lifted up, the children of Israel were stronger; and when Amalek's hand was lifted up, the men of Amalek were stronger.
Judah came near Joseph, and said, Please, my lord, let your servant speak a word to my lord. Don't be angry with your servant, for you are with Pharaoh.
The scribe came near, and said to him, If you are the Son of God, command the stones to be turned into bread.
Then Abigail arose, and fell on her face, and said, Behold, your handmaid is here, and send to wash the feet of my lord's servants.
Is there a nation that despises their gods? Yes, they are not God, but my people have taken their glory for a profit.
For God will save Zion, and build the cities of Judah; and they shall possess the land of promise, and dwell therein.
Don't forget the sins of our fathers, which they sinned against us. Bring your loving kindness on us, for we have fallen to the lowest of the heaps.
Son of man, you shall groan and be afflicted. You shall groan before them.
God said, The waters shall yield many living creatures, birds on the surface of the earth, and the stars of the sky.
Let your priests be clothed in righteousness. Let your saints sing praises.
Ephraim didn't drive out the Canaanites who lived in Gezer: but the Canaanites lived among them, and lived in Gezer.
The Philistines fought, and the children of Israel were slain; and they fled every man to his tent, and killed a great multitude: and the army of Israel was thirty thousand men.
Most assuredly I tell you, wherever the Good News is preached, they will all speak of the things that this woman has done, and will remember them.
So they gathered themselves together, and set their hearts to fight against Joshua and against Israel.
and against all the high places, and against all the great mountains;
If a poor man is redeemed, don't turn aside.
When they are drunken, I will suck for them, and make them drunk, and make them glad, and make them sleep, and there shall be no power forever, says Yahweh.
and he delivered it, and it was true; and he put the two men on the thorns, and wrote it in the book of the chronicles before the king.
David went up after the word of Gad, after the commandment of Yahweh.
In that day you will no more ask me anything. Most assuredly I tell you, whatever you ask in my name from the Father, he will give you.
You, God, have tested us. You have judged us as silver.
Yahweh will open to you the treasures of his heavens, and he will pour out rain on you, and will bless you in all that is in your hand; and you shall give it to many nations, and you shall not give it.
In the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, to prove the words of Yahweh by Jeremiah, Yahweh stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, to prophesy throughout all the kingdom, and to write commandments, saying,
Then took I my young men by the hand, and sent to all the land of the possession of Israel; for they committed adultery and shameful deeds in Israel.
There he gave him no inheritance, Neither did he have a place to stand where the sword was: but if he had had a son, God would have given him the land, for a possession to him and to his seed.
Solomon gave Hilaim two hundred talents of barley, and twenty talents of barley, for food for his house. So he gave Hilaim year by year.
Behold, seven years will come on all the land of Egypt, from the beginning of the year to the end of the year;
For this is not vanity to you, but your life, and your days shall be prolonged by this thing, when you pass over the Jordan into a land to possess it.
On the fifth day you shall offer young bulls, two rams, twelve male lambs a year old without blemish.
The congregation took him out of the camp, and stoned him to death with stones, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
He offered an offering to Eglon king of Moab; and Eglon was a very fat man.
Now you have erred, and have done that which is right in my eyes: every man proclaims his release from his neighbor, and makes a covenant before me in the house which is called by my name.
It happened, when Abram returned with the kings who were with him from the slaughter of Chedar Araumel, that the king of Sodom came out to meet him in the valley of Sheba, which is the valley of the king.
But as for me, I will hope in Yahweh, And wait for my God. My God will hear me.
The children of Israel took away the Baals and the Ashtaroth, and served only Yahweh.
Jesus said to them, Bring the fish that have been snared, and the treasures.
He broke off his head, and took off his robe, and sent to the land of the Philistines round about, and spread it among the idols, and among the people.
I also delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of all the hands of those who oppressed you, and drove them out from before you, and gave their land to you.
The men who carried the armor went before the priest who blowed it, and after the ark went: and the priest blowed it again.
If Yahweh your God extends your border, and gives you all the land which he promised to your fathers, as he swore to your fathers.
Keep me, God, For I trust in you.
So these two great men stood in the house of God, and I and a quarter of the rulers stood there.
The lame man, whom you saw and knew, was strong in the name of Jesus. He rose up in the name of Jesus with all his heart, and you saw all this.
Yahweh said to Satan, Where have you come from? Satan answered Yahweh, and said, I have walked on the earth, and I have gone up. I have walked there, and I have come from there.
I have called your name The olive tree of the green,' and it is pleasing to the eye, and yields good fruit: and I will set a fire on it with a shout of wrath, and the horns will be broken.
Reuben said to them, Don't let him shed blood. Throw him into the cave of the wilderness, and don't let his hand kill him. His purpose was to deliver Joseph out of their hand, that he might return to his father.
Woe to you, man who oppresses, he will not be oppressed; and to him who commits treachery, he will not be oppressed; and to him who oppresses, he will be oppressed: and to him who oppresses, he will be oppressed; and to him who oppresses, he will be oppressed.
The children of Israel fought against Baal Peor; and Yahweh was angry with the children of Israel.
Then Gad said he, Blessed be Gad's lord. He lies down like a lion's cub. He tore his hands and his head.
We will utter all the words of our mouth toward the hearing, to burn incense, and to drink wine, according to the manner of our fathers, our kings, and our princes, in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem, and according to all that we have done: for our food will be full, and our peace, and we will not see evil.
But the Levites shall redeem the cities of the Levites, the houses of the possession of the cities of their possession forever.
Yahweh increase your sons and your daughters, And your daughters with you.
Those who are circumcised, and those who are uncircumcised, are uncircumcised. We must be new creations.
The Lord's loving kindness is renewed morning by morning. Your truth is exalted.
All the peoples, and all the nations, who serve you, shall perish; and all the nations shall be desolate.
This land has done wonderful abominations.
For they didn't know the sign of the five loaves. Their heart was hardened.
Then Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard left in the land of Judah the poor and needy among the people, and gave them vineyards and fields.
He hid himself in the dust for his sake, And hid himself in the way for his sake.
Thus says Yahweh: If Zedekiah king of Judah, and his princes, and the remnant of Jerusalem, and the inhabitants of this land, and the inhabitants of the land of Egypt, behold, I have made them as figs of flint; they shall not be eaten, for they are figs.
Araunah said to David, My lord the king, bring you what seems good to you: behold, there are oxen here for a burnt offering, and vessels of grain, and chariots of oxen here for wood.
That the wise may hear, and be strengthened; That the understanding may have good knowledge;
I remember God, and am grieved. I hold my peace, and my spirit rests. Selah.
He forsook the tent of Shiloh, which he had set up among men.
Give your yoke to Yahweh, and he will lift you up. He will never let the righteous tremble.
But I am as a mute man who doesn't hear, As an eagle who doesn't open his mouth to speak.
Now therefore, because you have received the word which I have spoken to you, you have given him good news.
You, Lord our God, have brought forth your people out of the land of Egypt with a mighty hand, and have made you a name, as at this day: we have sinned, and we have done wickedly.
On the sixth day Eliasaph the son of Tiuel, prince of the children of Gad
and the cords of the hands, and the linen garments, and the coverings of the thighs, and the coverings of the thighs.
Isn't Yahweh's purpose for me to come now against this land to destroy it? Yahweh said to me, Go up against this land to destroy it.
There is a boat going. The great fish which you have made are sown there.
When he saw him from afar, he ran and fell on his face,
He gave to all the people, even to all Israel, both male and female, a loaf of bread, a loaf of flesh, and a loaf of grapes: and all the people departed, everyone to his own house.
Jesus said to them, I also will ask you one question. If you answer me, then I will tell you what authority I have to do these things.
The South will have Mount Esau, and the South Philistines, and the field of Ephraim and the field of Samaria; and the Benjamins Gilead.
The poor and needy will seek water, and will not find it; for they will cry out, and they will eat; and I, Yahweh, will answer them; and I, the God of Israel, will not forsake them.
Turn away from the lusts of the young men, and join yourself with those who call on the Lord in righteousness, faith, love, and peace.
Jesus answered them, It is written, You shall not test the Lord your God.'
Balaam answered Balak, What shall I say now that I come to you? What shall God give me?
The wicked don't understand righteousness, But all those who seek Yahweh understand.
Let those who fear you come to me, That they may know your precepts.
What can we boast about? None! What can we prove? What can we prove? Or what can we prove? No, but faith.
Why do the wicked live, and live long, and are strong in spirit?
Speak good words to Jerusalem, and let it know that her wars are won, and her iniquities are forgiven; and she has been redeemed from the hand of Yahweh for all her sins.
One man from among the king's relatives made a covenant with him, and swore to him; and he took the princes of the land.
Speak to Aaron, and tell him, When you light the lamp, the seven lamps shall shine before the lampstand.
Now therefore have we brought to Yahweh every goldsmith's vessel, and every belt, and every slingshot, and every slingshot, and every slingshot, and every slingshot, to Yahweh for a present, to make atonement for us before Yahweh.
He is wise, and he is foolish. Who knows? He will rule over him in the daytime, and in the work of wisdom. This also is vanity.
But a fool walks in the way, and lacks wisdom, and tells his people that he is a fool.
For what will a man receive, if he labors under the sun?
All the sons of those who afflict you in peace shall bow before you; and all those who despise you shall worship before your feet: and they shall call you the city of Yahweh, and Zion the Holy One of Israel.
It happened in the twenty-ninth year of Jotham the son of Uzziah, that Hoshea the son of Elah rebelled against Pekah the son of Remaliah, and struck him, and killed him, and kept his word.
The lion is the first of the wild animals; he shall not flee for other things;
You shall gather the grain of the field, and shall not gather it to the end of the field, neither shall you gather the grain of the field, but shall leave it for the needy, and for the foreigner. I am Yahweh your God.
and he made it of pure gold: a wafer, and a bowl, and a spoon; and he made it of gold, that it might be made of every gold; and silver, that it might be made of every silver;
A horse shall come up, and a chariot shall run; and the mighty shall go forth; and the Ethiopians and the Puts shall hold their shields, and the Luds shall open their bows.
But Jesus held his peace, and didn't answer him. The high priest said to him, Are you the Christ, the Son of his praise?
He testifies for the things which he hears, and for the things which he sees; and no one accepts his testimony.
They cried there with a loud voice, but no one answered them; for the wicked were proud.
For I will pour out waters on the thirsty, And pour out rivers of water on the dry land. I will pour out my spirit on your seed, And my blessing on you.
They said to him, The disciples of John kept fasting and praying, and the disciples of the Pharisees also fasted, but your disciples also drank and ate.
The prostitute ensnares him with a multitude of tricks, And snares him with a variety of mouths.
It was good for you to do this, but who warned you, that you should no more believe in the truth?
The house of the wicked shall fall, But the tent of the upright shall prosper.
There was no son nor son in his people, Neither was there any left in his native land.
Don't let the old man desire wine, but be steadfast in his anger, and have a perfect faith, love, and patience.
He said, There were two men who took the money of the sacrifice. One took five hundred pieces of silver, and the other fifty.
He did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, according to all that David his father had done.
Why do you hide yourselves? You hide yourself, and don't tell me. I can't bring you home with joy, with singing, with cymbals, and with harps?
The doors of it, and the porches of it, and the palm trees of it, were toward the east: and men came up from the seven steps, and there were the porches before them.
The hand of Zerubbabel shall make the foundation of the house; and his hand shall execute the work: and you shall know that Yahweh of Armies has sent me to you.
For John continually said to her, Take this woman for a wife, and have no law.
Whatever you say or do, give thanks to God the Father, according to the will of the Lord Jesus.
As for you, if you will walk before me, as David your father did, and will do according to all that I have commanded you, and will keep my statutes and my ordinances,
For this people has come near to me, and has honored me with their mouth and with their lips, and their heart has departed far from me. They have honored me, but only by the commandment of men.
Moses said, If a man dies without a wife, then his brother shall take a wife for him, that he may have children for his brother.
After that Amnon hated him exceedingly, and the hate of him who hated him was greater than the love of him who loved him. Amnon said to him, Arise, go forth.
When Azariah the high priest, and all the priests, saw that he was leaning on the leprosy, they drove him out of the house; and he himself hurried out, because Yahweh had struck him.
and the gods of the nations that are round about you; far off from you, or far off from you, from one end of the earth to another end of the earth;
Christ is a faithful witness, the resurrection of the firstborn from the dead, and the Lord of kings on the earth.
Therefore his young men shall fall in his street; and all his soldiers shall perish that day, says Yahweh.
All wise men will regard these things, And will remember the loving kindness of Yahweh.
All the congregation sent and told the children of Benjamin, who were on the rock of Rimmon, that they should speak peaceably to them.
You shall make altars of boards, and altars of incense among them; and you shall do according to the manner in which I show you on the mountain.
If a man desires to redeem anything of the tenth part, then he shall sell the tenth part for five pieces.
Therefore you shall observe to do according to the commandment of Yahweh your God: you shall not turn aside to the right hand nor to the left.
The fruit of the Spirit, love, joy, peace, perseverance, compassion, understanding, truth,
they went after other gods to serve them, gods which they didn't know, which Yahweh didn't assign to them.
David prospered in all his works, and Yahweh was with him.
I tell you, Arise, and take up your mat, and go to your house.
But Yahweh delights in your fathers, and loves them, and chooses their seed among all peoples, even you, as it is this day.
Shall he who is taken captive return? Shall he who is taken captive deliver him?
Elisha said, Call him. He went and called him. The woman stood at the door.
He did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, and walked in the way of Jeroboam, and in the sins of the children of Israel which he made to them.
For his horses are many. The dust of his chariots covers you. He enters into your gates, as a man enters into a broken city. Then your city shall be shaken because of the horses, and because of the chariots, and because of the noise of the chariots.
But the day comes that the bridegroom will go into captivity from among them, and they will fast that day.
Yahweh will reign forever.
You have sinned against the righteous, and killed them; and they have not hid themselves from you.
Have the gods of these nations saved the Gozanites, and the Challanites, and the Rezephites, and the Edomites who are at Thelasal?
Thus says Yahweh, whose seed is not from the flesh, but from the promise of God, is the seed of God.
After the plague, Yahweh spoke to Moses, and to Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest, saying,
His seed will be strong in the world. The life of the upright will be blessed.
When Jesus had said these things, he said, How Peter should be glorified by God. He said to him, Follow me.
Though I am righteous, I will not answer him; But they have asked my petitions from the judges.
Jeroboam's wife did so; and she arose, and went to Shiloh, and came to the house of Ahijah: and Ahijah couldn't see with her eyes, because she was old.
Don't tell me how he has dealt with me, as I have dealt with him: I will be recompensed according to the work of the man.
My iniquities are over my head, As a plague that has made me weak.
Arise, and go up against Judah, and break it in pieces; and make the son of Tabeel king in the midst of him.
I have dealt with them according to their disobedience, according to their transgressions. I have hidden my face from them.
His roots are in the rocks, To the place where the stones meet.
He who is redeemed by Yahweh shall speak these words, whom he has redeemed out of his enemies' hand:
You shall say, Your servant, from the young age even to the present, we feed our fathers. So shall you stand in the land of Goshen; for everyone who feeds is abhorred by the Egyptians.
There were many lamps in the synagogue, in which we were gathered together.
He said to him, Be merciful to the man. Jesus said to him, Go, do so.
In the twelfth year of our captivity, in the twelfth month, in the fifth day of the month, a man fled from Jerusalem, and came to me, saying, The city is broken down.
The rest said, A little while, and behold, Elijah comes to save him.
You shall make a great Sabbath on this day; and you shall afflict your heart on this day: it shall be a statute forever.
This also is the case, that God will give grace to those who are chosen.
When my servants and my handmaids argue with me, and I defraud them of their wages,
It happened, as he passed by, that he called to the king, and said, Behold, your servant is gone forth, and there is a man, and he has brought a man to me, saying, Keep this man, and if he dies, your life shall be before his life; and if not, you shall give you a tenth of the money.
This faith has been revealed to his saints, which was hidden from the people all the days of old.
Then the sons of the prophets, who were in Jericho over against him, saw him, and said, The Spirit of Elijah is in Elisha. They came to meet him, and fell on their faces.
The blind man, when he heard that many were passing by, asked what was going on.
But he said that he was building his own house.
Fire went before him, And devoured his enemies round about.
These are those who, when Noah prepared for the voyage, God waited patiently for those who were not conformed; and those who entered into the voyage were few, and few, but they were saved by the waters.
Arise, Yahweh, the God of Armies, the God of Israel, and judge the nations. Don't be merciful to the evil-doers. Selah.
Blessed is he who keeps wisdom. Blessed is he who keeps understanding.
The disciples said to him, Behold, tens of thousands are telling you. Why do they say, Who touched me?'
After these things there came a certain Joseph of Arimathaea, who begged Pilate that he might come and take Jesus' body. He came and took Jesus' body, because he was afraid of the Jews. Pilate agreed, and Joseph came and took Jesus' body.
Return, God of Armies. Look up from the sky, and see the vine.
Then the iron, and the clay, and the brass, and the silver, and the gold, were broken into pieces, and fell into the midst of the threshing floor, so that the wind ceased, and there was no place for them: and the stone that was found was a great mountain, and filled the whole land.
Then Ahinoam the Jezreelitess, David's wife, and Abigail the wife of Nabal the Carmelitess, took them captive.
You have nourished yourselves in the truth. You have a strong bond with the rest of the saints. Love one another with all your heart and with all your soul.
It will happen in the morning, when the sacrifice is made, that water will come out of the way of Edom, and the land will be full of water.
Now the blood of their Lamb, and the testimony of their testimony, have been poured out, and they shall keep their life.
All the good words of Yahweh, which he spoke to the house of Israel, were without a word.
Remember your servants, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and don't forget the stubbornness of this people, their evil, and their sin,
He went out, and saw great multitudes, and was kind to them, and healed those who were sick.
He arose, and rebuked the wind, and commanded the waters to come down. The wind ceased, and the waters came down also.
If he who condemns a man has the same glory, doesn't he who condemns without sin have greater glory?
The cherubim stretched forth their wings twenty cubits; and their feet stood, and their faces were toward one another.
Joseph arose, and brought the child with his mother into the land of Israel.
Let his sons be fathers, And his wives widows.
You had five lords, and they were not your lords. You said nothing of them.
Then said king Ahasuerus to Esther the queen, and to Mordecai the Jew, Because Haman seeks to destroy Judah, and I have given his possession to Esther, and they have hanged Haman on a beam.
You shall not have any man with you, neither shall you see any man on the mountains; neither shall you let the herds or the flocks eat grass on the hills.
Don't be anxious about this thing, for the time is at hand, when all the dead who are in the tombs will hear the voice of the Son out of the tomb.
He commanded the angel to speak to their lord, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Thus shall you speak to your lord:
The arrows went into Judah, and the house was full of impurity, and the height of it was exceeding high: and the wings of Emmanuel were stretched out, and filled your land.
When she has departed from her house, she shall go and marry another man.
But some of them gathered themselves together, and profaned the Lord's word before them. He took his disciples away from them, and argued day by day in the court of the Tulanos.
They returned from the entrance of the gate of the spring of David, from the wall of the city, which is on the wall of the house of David, toward the east, to the spring of the spring.
They deceived their neighbors, saying, I am a handmaid;
For my people forget me, and burn incense to a false spirit; and they cause them to stumble in the way in which they go, and in the way in which they go; they cause them to wander in the way, and don't reach high;
But you don't know the day or the hour. The angels of the heavens don't know, neither the Son, but the Father.
But Peter said, Lord, don't look behind you, for I have not eaten anything unclean.
He gave to the sons of Merari four chariots and four oxen, according to their service: and they gave to Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest dominion.
Jesus said to him, What is your name? The man said to him, My name is Glory,' for we are a great ark.
I am afraid. Therefore I have put your money in the ground. Your money is restored to you.'
Nebuchadnezzar the king swore to him, but he rebelled, and stiffened his neck, and rebuked his heart, and believed in Yahweh, the God of Israel.
But if a man desires to be called, he can't do it alone. But if you do these things, go and do them to the eyes of the world.
The house of Ephraim built an altar to make atonement; therefore the altar made atonement for them.
I love him who loves me. He who seeks after me will find him.
Our hearts wait for Yahweh all the days of our lives. He is our help and shield.
Soriath the son of an oppressor shall be prince over the house of Merari: and they shall encamp on the north side of the tent of meeting.
These are men whom you don't speak of, for they are still early in the morning.
He asks for life from you, And you give him life forever.
After you have opened the door, and after you have opened the door, stand in your memory, and go up to another, and make a covenant with them, and behold, you see their bed, and are very glad.
A fool says to a wise man, Give us a little of your fat, for our lamp is about to go out.'
For your loving kindness is better than life. My lips will praise you.
For this cause he has given them a retribution for their iniquity.
Now there came a woman uncircumcised, whose name was Luda, a Jew who worshiped God in the city of Ephesus. God opened his heart, and made him listen with all his heart to the words of Paul.
When Jacob had commanded his sons, he lifted up his feet from the bed, and bowed himself, and returned to his fathers.
Let the merciful hand of our God be on us, and let them bring a prudent man among the children of Machir the son of Levi, of the children of Israel; and Sherebiah, and his sons, and his brothers, eighteen men.
Don't forget to give to the stranger; for the same is given to the angel in secret.
Jehoiachin did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, according to all that his father had done.
But when the captain of the guard wanted to save Paul, he imposed a ban on them, and commanded that those who had sinned should dance on the watercourses.
Yahweh said to Moses, Charge the sons of Aaron to be priests, saying, If any man of the Kadesh dies, he shall not defile himself.
He will not break the snare of wounds, Neither will he blow the trumpets, Until he has established righteousness.
Therefore what you speak in darkness, you will be heard in light. What you speak in the chambers, you will be prophesied in the midst of the house.
Let Yahweh's face be pleased with you, And give you peace.
The steps of those who walk with me are turned backward. Your streets are crowded.
If Yahweh of Armies had not left us a remnant, we would have been as Sodom and as Gomorrah destroyed.
A righteous man does right, and perishes; and a wicked man does evil, and perishes long days: and I have seen it all the days of my vanity.
Let their eyes be dim, so that they can't see. Let their steps be turned back and forth forever.
But Peter said, I don't know what you are saying, my friend. When he was speaking, immediately the house wept.
Joseph said to his father and to his brothers, and their father rebuked him, saying, What is this dream which you have dreamed? Do you say, I, and your mother, and your brothers, shall bow down to you?
I have served God with all my heart and with all my soul, and have preached the Good News of his Son. God will testify about me, and I will always remember you in my prayers,
You have brought the animal, and made it a good bowl for me to eat; and I will bless you before Yahweh before my death.
But the more the better, which are seen, the worse they are, the worse they are.
Yahweh saw the children of Israel, and Yahweh knew their doings.
Abram said to the king of Sodom, I have sworn by the Lord of heaven, Yahweh the Most High,
I, king Altasias, have made all the vessels of gold to be driven by the river, saying, Do according to all that the scribes and the scribes of the law of God do to you, even to Ezra the priest;
Boaz commanded the young man, saying, If he gathers wheat among the young men, let him be gracious to him, and don't make him ashamed.
They called to themselves false witnesses, saying, This man speaks against this temple, and against the law of Moses.
If a man of God can purify himself once, and have no more iniquity, he shall not offer a sacrifice.
The foot shall tread on it, The sole of the needy, The sole of the afflicted.
Give me, God, a pure heart, That in me there may be a new and upright spirit.
But God sent prophets to them, that he might lead them to Yahweh; and the prophets testified against them, but they didn't listen.
The abomination of God is his mercy, Not the desire of man, Or the reward of man.
Go, buy a vineyard, as the Lord commanded me.
Joshua said, Why have you hurt us? Yahweh will also hurt you this day. So all Israel stoned him with stones, and burned him with fire, and stoned him with stones.
Therefore the rest of the heads of fathers' houses and the governors sought for Daniel in the midst of the kingdom; but they didn't find him, neither did he find him any of his lusts nor his disobedience; for he was wise; therefore they didn't find him any of his lusts nor his disobedience.
When the people saw the thunder, the lightning, and the sound of the trumpet, and the sound of the trumpet on the mountain, and when the people saw it, they trembled, and stood afar off;
In your land there is a man whose heart is sanctified by the Spirit of the Holy God: and your father saw in the days of his birth, that his heart was light, and understanding, and wisdom, as the wisdom of these gods: and your father, the king Nebuchadnezzar your father, made him chief of the magicians, and of the sculptors, and of the Chaldeans, and of the soothsayers.
Immediately he spoke with them, saying, I am you, my soul. Don't be afraid.
I filled him with the Spirit of God, that he might be wise, and have understanding, and have knowledge, and that he might do all things;
How long will the land mourn, and all the grass and the grass fade away? For the wickedness of the inhabitants of it, and for the livestock and for the birds that dwell therein? For they say, He has not seen our end.
You shall not commit adultery.
They have defiled the house which I have called in my name with their abominations.
They returned, and told him what they had done. He took them away, and brought them to a city called Bethsaida.
I will lay my hands on the man, and cut him off from among the people; for he has offered his sons and his daughters to Molech, and has profaned my sanctuary, and has profaned my holy name.
My eyes are heavy with sorrow. All my bodies are like a snare.
He laid the earth on its foundations, that it would not be shaken forever.
On his head was written a watermark, This is the King of the Jews.
If a man doesn't receive you, and you depart from their city, you shall break the dust from your feet, and you shall testify against them.
Speak to the children of Israel, and bring to you the frankincense that is to be savored, that the lamp may be filled continually.
Don't be like the Gentiles, who don't know God.
Elijah said to him, Don't be afraid. Go, do as you have said. But he brought me first a loaf of bread, and brought it to me, and baked it for you, and for your sons.
Therefore I am in affliction, and I am not ashamed; for I know the God of my faith, and know that he will keep me in his work until the day of the Lord.
The waters of the king's wrath have surrounded us.
For now they will say, We are no king, because we don't fear Yahweh. What will the king do for us?
He said, What do you know about me? I am going to fight against the angel of Persia. As I arose, behold, the angel of Helia comes.
Keep counsel for your sake. Keep the knowledge of your lips.
one male goat for a sin offering;
You have girded the mountains with power. You have set the mountains in order with strength.
But if they don't believe you, and don't believe a sign, then they will believe a second sign, says Yahweh.
David said, Yahweh will deliver me from the lion and from the hare. He will also deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine. Saul said to David, Go, and Yahweh will be with you.
Don't be astonished at me, saying, Be first.'
The king Ahasuerus answered Esther his queen, Who has done this thing with all his heart? Where is the man?
If we are in trouble, it is to give you comfort and deliverance; and if we are in comfort, it is to give you comfort, that we may bear the same affliction with perseverance.
We found there a ship that was about to go to Philip; and we sailed that ship out of the country.
He has entered into my innermost parts with the thorns of the ground.
In the bare stones of the valleys there is your portion. These are your inheritances, which you have inherited. You have offered an offering to them. Is there any peace in me concerning these things?
Because of this, he became a more righteous heir.
He said to them, Now therefore, take the water, and give it to the prostitute. They took it, and gave it to the prostitute.
Then David came to the house of Ahimelech; and David was the teacher of the testimonies. Why do you boast about evil, you men of hope? The loving kindness of God endures forever.
Yahweh will turn the earth into dust and into sand, and he will rain on you from the sky, until you perish.
Are you willing to walk in the ways of the ancients, In the ways of the wicked?
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance;
the man shall put on his door, but the womb shall not put on it; and the priest shall isolate the womb seven days.
Therefore I give thanks to the chosen ones for all things, that they may also receive the salvation of Christ Jesus, and eternal glory.
Yahweh gives strength to his people. Yahweh gives peace to his people.
He didn't allow anyone to persecute them, But for their sake he defended the kings.
You shall observe to do all that I command you; you shall not add to it, nor decrease it.
He brought me out of the inner court, and brought me into a chamber that was far off, and over against the house; and the chamber was toward the north, and over against the house.
Abimelech went up, he and the men who were with him, to Mount Salmo. Abimelech took the axe out of his hand, and cut down a tree, and put it on his shoulders, and said to the men who were with him, If you see what I have done, turn you also to me.
Take heed to yourself that your heart not be deceived, so that you don't turn aside, and serve other gods, and worship them.
Therefore no one can say, You will be baptized in my name.
When you see the birds of the sky, they don't sow, they don't gather, they don't gather in the harvest, and your Father feeds them. Aren't you more honorable than the birds?
Paul answered him, I am a Jew, born in Dasoth, which is in Kiriah, a remnant of a city. Please let me speak to the people.
David said to him, Your blood is on your head; for your mouth has testified against you, saying, I have killed the anointed of Yahweh.
In their land the pomegranates multiplied, And the king's chambers were full of them.
Who makes a god, And makes an unprofitable idol?
But the princes of the children of Ammon said to Hanun, Didn't David send to comfort you, saying, Behold, he honors your father? Didn't his servants come to you to look at you, and to see the land, to destroy it?
The Jews answered him, We stoned you, not for your good, but because you have profaned God. You are a man, yet you are a thousand times God.
Then he went out again, and brought in seven more evil spirits than himself, and lived therein: so shall the end of the man be more severe than the first; and so shall the generation of this wickedness be.
For our fathers have sinned, and have done that which is evil in the sight of Yahweh our God, and have departed from him, and turned their faces, and turned their backs toward the dwelling place of Yahweh.
Then the devil took the word out of their own heart, even those who were by the way, who heard the word by the way. They couldn't believe the word, and be saved.
Now concerning the children of Israel, Isaiah prophesied, saying, Even though the children of Israel are as the sand of the sea, they shall be saved by the remnant of the fish.
All the captives of Judah shall curse men with these two men, saying, Yahweh make you as Zedekiah and as Ahab, and the king of Babylon shall burn you with fire.
They went to Hilkiah the high priest, and delivered to him all the money that was offered in the house of Yahweh: and the money was the money of the Levites who kept the gate, who brought back out of Manasseh, and out of Ephraim, and out of all Israel, and out of Judah, and out of Benjamin, and out of all the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
For I said to him, Life is for Christ, and greater is its profit.
But the little ones, and the disobedient, and the abominable, and the murderers, and the sexually immoral, and the idolaters, and all those who prophesy lies, have appointed for them a place to go, a place that burns with fire and sulfur; and this is the second death.
The children of Beeroth fled before them to Gittim, and were encamped there to this day.
When Eliab David's brother heard that he was talking with men, he said to David in anger, Why are you come down here? and who are you to deliver the ram to in the wilderness? for I know your pride, and your wickedness in your heart, that you come down to see the war.
He who is on the housetop shall not enter into the house to take anything.
The woman said to Elijah, Now I know that you are a man of God, and that all the words of Yahweh which you speak are true.
His disciples asked him what this parable was.
If you fear Yahweh, and serve him, and listen to his voice, and don't rebel against the commandment of Yahweh, then you and the kings who rule over you will be well with Yahweh your God.
So that I will be astonished at death, And will be filled with bones.
Speak to them, and tell them, As I live, says the Lord Yahweh, I will not let the wicked perish, but let the wicked return, and live from the way in which he has gone. Return, house of Israel, and depart from the evil way, why will you die?
The chronicles of Nihemiah the son of Hachilah. In the twenty-ninth year, in the month Kishlus, was I in the palace of the king of Susan.
But the righteous shall be delivered from Yahweh; and Yahweh shall be their refuge in times of trouble.
But if not, when I stand in the righteous assembly, they shall show me a place that I don't have.
It happened, when the king was in the house, and Yahweh had given him rest from his enemies round about,
In that day I will make the heads of fathers' houses of Judah like fire in the midst of the wood, and like ashes in the midst of the furnace: and they shall consume the nations that are round about them on the right hand and on the left; and the inhabitants of Jerusalem shall dwell in their own land, even in Jerusalem.
When he had uttered his voice, the rooster sprang up, and there was a robber in their land.
Therefore king Joash called Jehoiada the priest, and the rest of the priests, and said to them, Why haven't you taken out the ruin of the house? now therefore don't take out the money of those who know, but give out the money, that you may take out the ruin of the house.
They delivered them to the princes of Rome, saying, These two are Jews, arguing over our cities;
David said afterward to Yahweh, Shall I go up to the city of Judah? Yahweh said to him, Go up. David said, Where shall I go up? He said, To Hebron.
The woman came to the man of God to the mountain, and fell down at his feet. Gehazi came to pull him out, and the man of God said, Serve him; for he is in affliction, and Yahweh has hidden himself from me.
Your words are sweeter in my mouth, And sweeter in my mouth than honey.
The voice of Yahweh is mighty. The voice of Yahweh is full of majesty.
When you hear of wars and troubles, don't be afraid; for they will surely happen, but the end won't be immediately.
Samson came to Gaza; and behold, a cherub was there; and he came near to him.
Yahweh established me, and made me the word of David my father, and built me a house according to his promise; and I swore by his eternal life, that Adonijah shall surely die this day.
It happened, while Jacob was talking with them, that Rachel brought the sheep of their father, because the sheep were his.
He shall open seven hundred, all of them nobles; and he shall close three hundred. These things shall ensnare his heart.
It happened, when they had gone out from Bethel, and were a little while from Ephrathah, that Rachel was taken, and found a prisoner.
When his parents saw him, they marveled. His mother said to him, Why do you deal so graciously with us, son? Behold, your father is very afflicted with me, and always seeks you.
Behold, these are wicked men. They have prospered continually. Their treasures are multiplied.
For Yahweh will make you clean in this day, and you shall be clean before Yahweh from all your sins.
The righteous will receive the grace of Yahweh, But the treacherous will be sinned against Yahweh.
I walk in the way of righteousness, And in the way of justice;
Three times in the year all your males shall come to the Lord Yahweh, the God of Israel.
The people said, You have not hurt us, neither oppressed us, nor taken anything from anyone's hand.
When you see that his heart is upright before you, you make a covenant with him, and promise to give to his seed the land of the Canaanites, and of the Hittites, and of the Amorites, and of the Perizzites, and of the Jebusites, and of the Gigashite; and you shall establish your word, for you are righteous.
He answered them, The man whose name was Jesus, drew the dust from my eyes, and said to me, Go, wash in the pool of Siloam.' As soon as I washed, I saw.
Jeremiah the prophet wrote a letter to the captains of thousands who were still in Jerusalem, and to the priests, and to the prophets, and to all the people, whom Nebuchadnezzar had carried away captive from Jerusalem to Babylon.
Bathsheba said, Give Abishag the Shunammite as wife to Adonijah your brother.
The light is good, and the sight of the light is pleasing to the eye.
They shall die like the flocks of Sheol, and be their shepherds until the morning; and the upright shall rule over them in the morning; and their carcasses shall be consumed by Sheol, so that there shall be no dwelling place.
Behold, Egypt, which you trust in, is a snare of wounds: if anyone trusts in it, he shall be snared in his hand: so is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all who trust in him.
I will drive you from before me, as I have driven all your brothers the children of Ephraim.
The angel who spoke with me said to me, Speak, and say, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, I am zealous for Jerusalem, and for Zion.
When the Son of Man comes, and eats and drinks, you shall say, He is a man of greed, a tax collector, and a friend of sinners.'
Now the acts of Rehoboam, first and last, aren't they written in the book of the prophet Shemaiah, and in the book of the prophet Iddo? Rehoboam and Jeroboam fought continually.
Joseph said to them, Most assuredly, I tell you that you are spies.
Behold, I have stiffened your face, that I might be stiffer than their face; and I have stiffened your head, that I might be stiffer than their head.
Now therefore, our God, hear the prayer of your servant, And put your face in the ruins of your sanctuary, Because of the Lord.
But he turned aside from his counsel, and from those who stood before him, and went and argued with the young men who were with him.
For there is no desire for unrighteousness, But for truth.
You forgive the sins of your people. You cover all their iniquities. Selah.
The king said to Nathan the prophet, Behold, I dwell in a house of cedar; but the ark of Yahweh dwells in a veil.
He was sixteen years old when he began to reign; and he reigned fifty-two years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Jechariah of Jerusalem.
God will requite everyone according to his works.
The whole land was darkened, even to the third man three times.
Jeroboam reigned twenty-two years; and he slept with his fathers: and Nadab his son reigned in his place.
They will scatter dust like serpents, Like a creeping thing that creeps on the ground. They will tremble at the sound of it. They will be afraid to turn to our God, Yahweh, And be afraid for you.
and Shabbethai and Jehozabad, the chief men of the Levites, over the officers of the house of God.
It is better to trust in Yahweh, Than to trust in kings' houses.
Yahweh said to Cain, Why do you be angry? Why do you hide your face?
It is a fool's snare, And a teacher of a young man. If you think that there is a law, you will fail in knowledge and truth.
He said, Do according to your word. So he sent them out, and they went. He bound the hook with a reed of scarlet.
He cast the dead bodies and the ashes into all the valleys, and into all the fields, to the brook Kidron, and to the horns of the gate of the horse on the east, to be holy to Yahweh; they shall not go forth, nor fall, forever.
It happened on the eighth day, that they set a solemn assembly; for they offered the offering of the altar seven days, and they kept the feast seven days.
Philip arose, and went out; and he found a prisoner in the midst of you, the treasurer of Canaan the king of Egypt.
Haven't your eyes, Yahweh, been faithful? You struck them, and they didn't grieve; You destroyed, and they wouldn't be judged: They made their face higher than stone; they wouldn't have shaved their heads.
The word of Yahweh came to Elijah, saying,
But forgive the sins of this people according to your loving kindness, As you have forgiven them from Egypt to the present.
Jesus answered them, The time has come for the Son of Man to be glorified.
The king commanded Hilkiah the high priest, and the second priest, and the porter of the gate, to bring out the vessels of the house of Yahweh for Baal, and for Asherah, and for all the multitude of the sky, out of the field beyond the brook Kidron in Jerusalem, and to bring the fire to Bethel.
For Yahweh will come, and he will judge the whole earth. He will judge the world in righteousness, and the peoples in truth.
There is no judgment in Jacob, neither is there any discernment in Israel: yet come to Jacob and to Israel, that you may say, God has done great things.
Joshua took all the cities of the kings, and their kings, and struck them with the edge of the sword, and utterly destroyed them, as Moses the servant of Yahweh commanded.
They came to Abel of Beth Maacah, and hid it; and they buried it outside of the city, and went into the outer court: and Joab and the people who were with him built him a city.
and he who is with him as a virgin, that he may defile himself for him.
When you come to the gathering of the firstborn of God, their names will be in heaven; and when you come to the presence of the God of the peoples, you will come to the souls of the righteous who have been made whole.
Her brothers and her mother said, Please let the young lady stay with us for a little while, and afterward she may go.
You shall lay your hand on the head of the goat, and kill it before Yahweh in the place where the burnt offering is killed; it is a sin offering.
The men of Jabesh Gilead heard all that the Philistines had done to Saul.
The name of the first place was Pisgah, which is carved out of all the land of Hablah; and there was gold.
You shall not flee from the shepherd, Neither shall you escape from the head of the flock.
He spread out the north on the surface of the sky, And hanged it on the surface of nothing.
On the first day of every month, on the first day of every month, you shall take a penny of your own money, that it not be stolen from me when I come to you.
He who preaches peace, and who preaches good news, and who preaches good news, and who preaches salvation, says to Zion, Your God is King. His feet go up to the top of the mountains, and his steps to the top of the mountains.
There were three palm trees on the tree's base, and they opened their blossoms, and yielded a lily and a lily of grapes.
(Behold, the land of the Chaldeans is no more, and the Assyrians have made it a dwelling place for wild animals: they have taken away their towers, they have broken down their palaces, they have made it a desolation.)
In the night my bones are snared with a thief. I am not able to stand.
Let the righteous rejoice in Yahweh. Let the upright praise Yahweh.
The children of Benjamin said, They are still slain before us. The children of Israel said, Let's flee, and let's bring them out of the city to you.
The Hebrews also passed over the Jordan to Gath and Gilgal; and Saul was yet in Gilgal; and all the people trembled and followed him.
and how he dealt with the army of Egypt, and with their horses, and with their chariots, when they pursued after you; and how he caused the waters of the Red Sea to overthrow them, and destroyed them to this day;
But you gave the messengers wine, and commanded the prophet, saying, Don't tell the prophet.
On the east side six Levites, and four on the north side, and four on the south side, and two in the chamber, and two in the prison;
Hear, our God, for we are deceived. Put their blasphemies on their heads, That they may be cut off in the land of captivity.
When the rest of the disciples heard it, they were angry with James and John.
The house which I am about to build is great, For our God is great above all gods.
He gave all that he had into Joseph's hand, and took away from him all that he had eaten, and all that he didn't know. Joseph trembled again.
When will he turn his face to me, and let me be alone for a moment, and let me be swallowed up for a moment?
Don't you know? Don't you hear? Yahweh, the God of Armies, he who made the ends of the earth, he will not weep, nor think; His wisdom will not be questioned.
As this, who has heard it? Who has seen all these things? Will a nation be built up in one day? Will a people be born in a moment? But Zion will give birth to sons and daughters when she is afflicted.
He who girds my waist with strength, That my way may be perfect.
He who curses his father or his mother shall surely be put to death.
From the day that I was made governor in the land of Judah, from twenty years old and upward, even to thirty-two years old, king of Arashias, I and my brothers ate no new wine of the governor.
The silver platters were one hundred thirty shekels, and the bowls seventy shekels; and all the vessels of silver, after the shekel of the sanctuary, were two thousand four hundred shekels.
He set up the wood, and cut the bull into pieces, and put it on the wood, and said, Fill the wood with four measures of water, and pour it on the burnt offering and on the wood.
He put all that was in Aaron's hand, and in the hand of his sons, and waved it for a wave offering before Yahweh.
The king of Israel said to his servants, Don't you know that Ramoth Gilead is ours? why do we still hold our peace, and not return out of the hand of the king of Syria?
I will put your children in the hand of Judah, and they shall give them to the children of Sheba, a far country, says Yahweh.
Babylon is thrown down and destroyed. Weep for her, and take frankincense for her snare. There is no cure for it.
Rejoice on Mount Zion, For your judgments are sound. Rejoice in the cities of Judah.
When no man pursues, as before the sword, they shall fall one to another; and you shall not stand before your enemies.
The Egyptians have dealt wickedly with us, and have afflicted us, and called us to labor.
Blessed be he who comes in the name of the Lord, Peace be in heaven, Glory to the Most High!
But he remembered that they were merely wanderers, a wind that didn't return.
The first wagon was loaded with horses, and the second wagon loaded with horses,
Woe to Jacob! What a great day! It is a day of affliction! But he will be delivered out of his distress.
and the border went up from the mountain to the spring of the waters of Niphuttoah, and went up to the cities of the mountain of Ephron; and the border went up to Barak (the same is Kiriath Jearim);
I keep your words in my heart, That I don't sin against you.
Behold, I will cause a nation to come against you far off, house of Israel, a nation that shall be a great nation, a nation that shall be from ancient times, a nation whose prophecy you shall not understand, neither shall you understand what it says.
Yahweh said to Moses and Aaron, This is the law of the Passover: The Gentiles shall not eat the Passover.
You shall show them these things, and teach them.
Your house and your kingdom shall be established before you forever, and your kingdom shall be established forever.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five male lambs a year old. This was the offering of Elisha the son of Ammihud.
But the Jews persecuted the high and honorable women, and the rulers of the city, and persecuted Paul and Barnabas, and drove them out of the land.
As for the wheels, they are high and strong. The eyes of the four wheels are full of vision.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Who has opened the way of the great waters, Or prepared the way of the captains of thousands?
then you shall bring him to your house; and he shall trim the hair of his head, and trim the hair of his neck;
then hear you in heaven, and in your dwelling place, and forgive, and be reconciled; know their heart, and do to them according to every man's ways (for you know every man's heart),
Behold, I have sent my angel before you, and have kept you in the way, and have brought you to the place which I have prepared.
When you see all these things, behold, the day comes, and there shall not a stone be left here, but a stumbling block and a stumbling block.
He has poured out fire from above, and has entered into my bones, and has sacrificed to me. He has broken my feet with a net, and has turned me backward. He has made me desolate and desolate all the day.
The Gibeonites said, There is nothing wrong with us, nor with Saul, nor with his house, neither shall we kill any of Israel for our sake. David said to him, As you have said, so will I do for you.
I said to the righteous, He shall surely live.' If he draws near to his righteousness to do evil, his righteousness shall not be remembered; but he shall die for his wickedness.
I will give you roots on your face, and flesh on your flesh; and I will cover you with skin, and I will bring life into you, and you shall live; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
But Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun, of the Kinesites, saw it; for they followed Yahweh with all their heart.
They shall know that I, Yahweh their God, am with them; and they shall know that all Israel is my people, says the Lord Yahweh.
Your hand has made me. You have sanctified me. Give me wisdom to learn your commandments.
Every man shall keep the record of that time.
For he knows our condition, And thinks that we are dust.
Save us, Yahweh! Save us, Yahweh!
Everyone who stumbles shall be snared, and everyone who stumbles shall be slain with the sword.
It happened, when Abraham had called the name of the place Yahweh, that it was yet this day, that they were saying, The Lord has prepared it on Yahweh's mountain.
But now I say another thing: if anyone preaches to you the Good News, which you have received, and doesn't do it, he shall be cursed.
Son of man, put forth a parable to the house of Israel, and make a parable;
Moses gave blood to the people, and said, Behold, this is the blood of the covenant, which Yahweh has poured out on you according to all these words.
You shall keep the testimony, and seal up the law among my teachers.
They came to the tomb at the first hour of the morning on the first day of the week.
Peter said to him, Tell me, Are these the only things which you have, that you have not gotten in the field? He said to him, These are the things.
If she has done well, then she shall count for herself seven days, and be clean.
David said, The first against Jebus shall be a prince and a ruler. Joab the son of Zeruiah was first against him, and he was a prince.
They shall bring up against you a multitude, stone you with stones, and strike you with the sword;
and the set bread, and the marrow of the meal offering, and the unleavened bread, and the sour dough that is in the pan, and the fruit of the vine, and the linen, and the rule over the linen and the oil.
Zedekiah king of Judah shall not escape out of the hand of the Chaldeans; but he shall be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon; and he shall speak with him in the mouth; and his eyes shall see his eyes.
It happened, when he had come down from heaven, that there was a great hailstorm, and there were tens of thousands of hailstorms throughout all the earth, that they blasphemed God for the hailstorm, for it was a great disaster.
When they had come to Jericho, there sat by the way a blind man, Bardemai the son of Dimai, a blind man, with a great multitude, when they came out of Jericho.
When the kings came out to Joshua, Joshua called all Israel, and said to the captains of the army who went with him, Come near, and put your feet under the kings. They came near, and put their feet under their neck.
I know your doings, and your faith, that it is not profitable. I love you more than you.
Hear this word, house of Israel, the lamentation which I have spoken concerning you.
It happened in the ninth year, when the kings came out to battle, that Joab brought the army against the land of the children of Ammon, and put Rabbah to sleep: and David abode in Jerusalem: and Joab struck Rabbah, and took it.
This is that he might prove the words of God, which he spoke through the prophets, that I will open my mouth and speak parables, and that I will reveal the past.
Ethiopia and Egypt are the strength that is in vain; Put and the Lubim are your helpers.
They are all pigs and donkeys. The teaching of idols is wood.
The Asherites lived with the Canaanites who lived in the land; for they didn't drive them out.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
He makes the rivers a wilderness, And the springs a dry land.
saying, Many are the well-pleasing women, But you are the most excellent.
Yahweh, your wonders are in the heavens. Your faithfulness is in the assemblies of the holy ones.
The king of the south shall come out in wrath to fight against the king of the north; and the king of the north shall set the battle in array against the army; but the army shall be delivered into the hand of the king of the south.
They were helped, and the Hagrites and the men who were with them delivered into their hand; for they cried to God in the battle, and trusted in God, and he listened to them.
When the fruit is seen, he shall know the evil of the tree. A man can't buy figs out of the thorns, nor ripen grapes out of the thorns.
Refuse the fire, flee from the sword; The young man becomes a mighty man, a mighty man on the right hand, against the army of a foreign nation.
I will cast you into the ground, and let you go down into the field; and I will cause all the birds of the sky to lie on you; and all the animals of the earth shall eat you to the full.
The grace which he gave you to discernment, that they might love you more, and pray for you.
Whoever helps the poor to gain his own gain, And gives gifts to the rich, will be astonished.
I have set myself in order until the morning. He has broken all my bones like a lion. From morning to evening Yahweh has determined to redeem my life.
Abigail came to Nabal, and saw that he had set a feast in the house, as the feast of the king. Nabal's heart rejoiced greatly, because he had sinned very much. Therefore Abigail didn't tell him anything of anything, until the morning.
Though you offer a burnt offering and a meal offering to me, I will not rejoice; though you offer a fattened animal for a sacrifice of peace offerings, I will not be able.
When a man walks, he will walk all the way. When he walks, he will not turn back.
If it is borne in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean, because he has contracted the plague.
Yahweh will divide you into a portion, and cast you into a broad place, as he did cast you out; and there shall die the reproach of your master's house; and there shall be your glory's chariots.
From the time of the judge of Israel even to the time of the king of Israel and of the kings of Judah there was no such Passover made as this.
That the children of men may know your mighty works, The majesty of your kingdom, and your glory.
Pharaoh brought with him a great army, and many men, when they went into the midst of the heap to destroy the multitude; and he couldn't help him in the war.
But the saints of the Most High will inherit the kingdom forever and ever.
You shall not take your neighbor's house, nor your neighbor's wife, nor his servant, nor his handmaid, nor his ox, nor his donkey, nor all that your neighbor has.
Therefore Yahweh has rewarded me according to my righteousness, And according to my purification before his eyes.
He cut off the high places, and destroyed the pillars, and cut down Asherim, and struck the brass of Moses; for the children of Israel burned incense to it at that time, and called it Nephsidan.
but he said to me, You shall not build a house for my name; for you are a soldier, and you shall be shed with blood.'
So I bought the field of Anathoth, which I had bought from Hanamel the son of my uncle, and gave him ten shekels of silver.
Let my seed be given to others to eat, And the root of my fruit to be sown.
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance.
They broke the hand of the nobles, and brought them to you: they saw the great face, and didn't honor it.
Then came forth the splendor of her glory, and her honor, and her greatness, and her honor, and passed over many days, even one hundred eighty days.
There were four chambers on the east side, three in this chamber, and three in that chamber; and the pillars on this side, and the pillars on that side, were the same.
Nadab did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and he walked in the way of his father, and he made atonement for his father for the sins of the children of Israel.
The Lord God delivered up his adversaries into your hand, and they glorified him. Abram took all that he had, and gave ten to Melchizedek.
I long for you with my heart, And seek you with my soul in the morning; For you judge the earth, And the people of the earth learn righteousness.
He put a green cord on the ram's snout, and on the snout's snout, and burnt it with the sheep; and when the sheep were drunk, he bound the female servants.
Aleksandri the sluggard struck me with a great plague; and the Lord recompensed him according to his work.
Then David was in the stronghold; and the garrison of the Philistines was in Bethlehem.
You shall sacrifice to Yahweh your God from your flocks and from your herds, in the place which Yahweh shall choose, to his name.
David's servants came to Abigail to Carmel, and said to him, David sent us to you, that he might take you as wife.
Jeroboam the son of Joash returned to his house, and stayed there.
Peter said to him, Lord, it is good for us to be here. If you would like, I will bring here three baskets, one for you, one for Moses, and one for Elijah.
Their faith is a open tomb. They are all mighty men.
I am now a widow of the elders, a widow of the elders among you; a witness of Christ's affliction, and of the glory to come.
Then Jesus bowed himself to them, and said to them, Don't tell anyone that he is the Christ.
Look at all the proud, and lay your hand on him. Follow the wicked in the land where they stand.
So Yahweh saved Hezekiah, and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem, out of the hand of Sennacherib king of Assyria, and out of all the enemies' hands, and gave them rest round about.
Shall your wrath endure forever? shall your wrath endure forever?
There shall be a great and troubled city in your name: those who are far off from you, and those who are far off from you, shall scoff at you.
You shall make a shield of pure gold, and write on it according to the script, saying, The Lord Yahweh is holy.
You didn't keep his word in your heart, because you didn't believe him whom he sent.
When he opened the third seal, I heard a third living creature saying, Come, and when I saw it, I saw a ram riding on a horse, and those who rode on it took a bridle in their hand.
Now, Lord, what shall I wait? My hope is in you.
Shall a man hold his peace when you rejoice? Shall no man make you ashamed when you lay your hands on him?
The meal offering and the drink offering shall not come into the house of Yahweh; but the priests who serve Yahweh mourn.
You shall keep the feast of Yahweh seven days in the seventh month, on the fifteenth day of the month, in the harvest of your land: the first day shall be a holy rest, and the eighth day a holy rest.
A man departs from his place, and trembles, As a bird departs from its cup of snorting.
Isaiah said, Yahweh will do what he says. This is the sign that Yahweh will give you.
The lord of it was very angry, and put him in prison, and was punished, until he had made the whole sacrifice perfect.
In many cities there is lamentation, and the heart of the wounded mourns; But God doesn't look for the unrighteousness.
Joseph returned, and buried his father. There were with him all the servants of Pharaoh, and the elders of the house of Pharaoh, and all the elders of the kingdom of Egypt,
For there was a rooster and a snare in the midst of it;
Arise, Yahweh, fight against him, and strike him. Deliver my life with your sword from the wicked.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
You shall chase after one hundred men, and you shall chase after one hundred men: and your enemies shall fall by the sword before you.
Yahweh said to me, It is good that they have spoken.
The inheritance of the children of Simeon was from the inheritance of the children of Judah; for the portion of the children of Judah was small: therefore the children of Simeon were given in their inheritance.
I will cast abominable things on you, and will make you a reproach, and will cause your eyes to see.
The birds of prey are in the midst of it. They will dwell in the midst of the oaks.
So we will give thanks to you forever, and we will praise your name to all generations, as we are your people and as sheep of your pasture.
Will you also raise us up, That your people may rejoice in you?
When he heard that he was praying at the door of the temple, he feared and was amazed at the thing that happened to him on the new earth.
God gives food to all life, For his loving kindness endures forever.
You have a vow from God, but don't keep it: for he doesn't delight in fools. You have a vow.
You shall devour them, and the wind shall drive them away, and the whirlwind shall sweep them away; but you shall rejoice in Yahweh, and rejoice in the Holy One of Israel.
Woe to the nations of iniquity, and to the peoples of sin, and to the sanctuaries of evil, and to the children of devastation! For they have turned away from Yahweh, and have despise the Holy One of Israel, and have turned away from him.
Therefore I love your commandments above gold, And above pure gold.
I have made a covenant with you, as with my father and with your father. Now I have given you silver and gold. Take away the covenant that you made with Baasha king of Israel, and let him go from me.
Therefore thus says Yahweh to me: If you return, I will cause you to return to stand before me; and if you bring out of the midst of the earth precious men, you shall be to me a servant: they shall surely return to you; but you shall not return to them.
A rich man is wise in his own eyes, But the poor and needy see him out of their own eyes.
Who came from Edom, and from Bozrah to this, in new garments and in mighty armor, and in mighty men of valor? I, a man of righteousness, who has mighty men of valor, says Yahweh of Armies.
Strengthen the weak hands. Strengthen the knees of those who have no strength.
If this man didn't come from God, he would have done nothing like this.
Nevertheless you shall not fall by the hair of one's head.
He will feed his flock like a shepherd. He will stretch out his hand on his lamb, and he will lay it in the womb, and will seek after the fatlings.
I know that you are all right. Your will is not forgotten.
So Job arose, and tore his garments, and shaved his head, and bowed himself to the ground, and worshiped.
For what has he done to you, children of men? What has Yahweh done to you? to walk in righteousness, to show mercy and humility, to walk with your God.
A man strikes my foot, and I go out to him; A man strikes my lips, and I go out to him; A man reproaches me, and spits on me, and I don't hide my face.
All the people honored the apostles, but many refused to meet them.
You do these things, and I don't speak. You think that I am like you, but I will rebuke you, and set all these things before your eyes.
They shall go out after us, until we entice them out of the city; for they shall say, These men flee before us like a bird. Therefore we will flee before them.
Behold, this is the man who doesn't trust in God, but trusts in his own wealth, and stands in the midst of evil.
If a man dies alone, and has no son, and the wife of the dead is a foreigner, then the brother of his husband shall come in to him, and take her for a wife, and be a virgin.
You have shown me the way of my life. You have filled me with joy in your presence.
Woe to the city that is filled with blood! Woe to the city that is full of robbers!
He took some of his blood, and sprinkled some of it on the four corners of the altar, and poured out all the blood on the base of the altar.
When the Lord is revealed, and man doesn't see the signs and wonders of the God, his everlasting power and his gods, if a man sees what he has created, he will know them; therefore there is no reproof.
For he has broken pieces in pieces, but he doesn't laugh, he is unclean to you.
How great is his loving kindness! How beautiful is his beauty! The kingdom of Egypt will make the young men strong, And the new wine will bring forth virgins.
Know that there is a great affliction in the last days of the earth.
He painted the cherubim and the lions, and the palm trees and the borders of the streets of it, according to his vanity.
The king said to me, What do you want? So I prayed to Yahweh of Armies.
Rehob the governor, Shimshai the scribe, and the rest of the men of Dinah, and the Ahuathistekaites, and the Tarpaelites, and the Arabessites, and the Arabessites, and the Babylonians, and the Shushanites, and the Dahabahites, and the Elamites.
All wise men do it with wisdom, But fools prophesy about their own foolishness.
Then they asked the child's father by his hand, that he might give him a name.
These words will be like the womb. These are the Pharisees and the Philistines.
He will say, I am not a prophet, but a farmer. I am a servant to men from the earth.'
He who destroys all the pride of God, He who rebukes every man's heart, That he may be perfect in Christ.
I have departed from my house, says Yahweh, and have forsaken my inheritance, and have delivered the love of my soul into the hand of my enemies.
You shall know that all those who prophesy in the synagogue shall flee away, but one will be rewarded: so shall you flee away, and you shall be rewarded.
The mouth of the cloud was toward the top, and the depth was a cubit; and the appearance of it was like the appearance of a brother, and the breadth of it was a cubit: and in its mouth was a reed; and its ledges were four corners, and they were not of the crown.
For thus says Yahweh: The whole earth shall be desolate; but I will not destroy it to the end.
All nations shall be gathered together, and all men shall be gathered together: who can show this, and show us all the things that were before? let them bring witnesses, and show themselves to be witnesses; or if anyone hears it, he shall say, It is true.
He cried with a loud voice in the streets of the old age, and spoke in the gate of the city, and in the gate of the city,
Then he struck all Judah in the heart, as one man's heart. They sent to the king, and said, Return you, and all your servants.
and you shall sing this song to the king of Babylon, saying, How long shall the oppressed live? How long shall the rebellious live?
I love your words, As a man who has many slain.
On the one board were two sockets, and on the other board two sockets.
and took their gods, and their engraved images, and their treasures of silver and gold, and brought them into Egypt; and he went no more against the king of the north for many years.
It happened, when they heard the word in the thorns, that they went away into the midst of the world's famine, and of the riches, and of the pleasures, so that there was no truth in the word.
It will be the Sabbath on that day. The Sabbath is at hand.
Your commandments are always with me, That I may be wiser than my enemies.
This is also the case now, when a child is born in the Spirit of God in the form of a calamity.
Then his disciples came and said to him, Do you know that the Pharisees have heard you speak such a thing?
As is the appearance of the cloud in the day of rain, So is the appearance of the light round about. When I saw it, I fell on my face, and heard a voice.
He who trusts in engraved images says to the engravers, You are our God. They will be driven away, and they will be disappointed.
When your affliction comes on you, you who dwell in Lebanon, who are under cedars, and your affliction is as of a woman in travail, then will your affliction come on you.
The remnant of the house of Judah, after the calamity, remained under the house: under it grew, and under it yielded fruit.
God said to Abraham, Don't call your wife Sarah Sarah, and her name will be Sarah's.
They also had little fish, but Jesus, when he had given thanks, divided the fish among them.
Praise you, God, above the heavens! Praise your glory above all the earth!
My son, eat honey, for honey is good. The honey that is in the honeycomb is sweet.
But you, Yahweh, are forever. You have made memory to all generations.
Refrain from sin, and pray for it, that it may be well with you. The prayer of the righteous is great.
David was the youngest of them all, and the third followed Saul the most.
It happened about three months after, that his wife also came in, and didn't know what was done.
He has defied kings, and has defied princes, and has laid hold on all the strongholds of his hands. He has laid heaps against them, and has taken them.
Woe to the shepherd who forsakes the flock! The sword shall come on his hand and on his eyes. His hand shall be full of snares, And his eyes shall be darkened with darkness.
I am afraid to come to you, lest I see you as I am, and you as I am, and I lest I see you in division, jealousy, anger, wrath, blasphemies, slanders, slanderers, slanderers, and slanderers.
He didn't send me to baptize, but to preach the Good News. I didn't preach with wisdom, that the cross of Christ might not be justified.
Praise the name of Yahweh! For he has commanded, and all things are made.
They sat on the grass of the wilderness. The mountains were inhabited with gladness.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, twenty bulls, six rams, six male goats, and six male lambs a year old. These were the offerings of the altar, which were offered with oil.
They stayed night and day, and said, The light is in darkness.
Behold, all those who are angry with you shall be disappointed and confounded; and those who burn with you shall be as if they had not been, and shall be consumed.
Yahweh blessed Noah and his sons, and said to them, Be fruitful, and fill the earth.
and the first fruits of our offering, and the offering of our sacrifice, and the fruit of every tree, and the new wine and the oil, he brought to the priests into the treasuries of the house of our God; and the tithe of our harvest he gave to the Levites in the treasuries of the house of our God; for the Levites had tithes in all the cities of our land.
Yahweh, your name shall be forever. Yahweh, your name shall be forever.
God is faithful. We are not slack in words, neither are we slack in deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of de
My soul is filled with bad words. My tongue is like a pit of snares, When I speak of the king's words.
When I was walking in the city, behold, a altar was found in the place where you worshiped, and it was written, offering to a spirit that you didn't know: now will I come and tell you that you worshiped this spirit which you didn't know.
But he is my rock and my salvation. He is my stronghold, and I will not be moved.
It happened after the death of Sann, that I went up to Jerusalem, and worshiped Peter, and stayed with him fifteen days.
God brought him forth out of Egypt, like the strength of an ox. He will devour the nations of his enemies. He will break their bones. He will pass over them with his sword.
He said to his disciples, There were many harvesters, and few harvesters.
It happened on the third day, on the first day of Pharaoh's life, that he set a feast for all his servants, and killed the chief priests and the chief cooks before these servants.
There lived a certain man named Lazarus in Bethany, in the village of Mary and Martha, his younger sister.
Elijah said to them, If I am a man of God, let fire come down from heaven, and devour you and the fifty men. Then the fire of Yahweh came down from heaven, and devoured him and the fifty men.
The people of Israel were divided at that time two rows: half after Tephani the son of Chenad, to make him king; and half after Omri.
When he had found him, he brought him to Antioch; and they gathered themselves together with the assembly, and taught many; and they were called Christ's, from Antioch.
You came to Jesus, the anchor of the covenant, and to the blood that was poured out, which was better than the blood of Abel.
Therefore the children of Israel didn't stand before their enemies; but they turned their backs before their enemies, and fled; for they were cursed: and if you didn't take the things which you should offer, and put them away from you, I wouldn't be with you any more.
They swore one to another in the morning. Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in peace.
According to the commandment of Yahweh by Joshua, he gave a portion to Caleb the son of Jephunneh out of the house of Judah for an inheritance, to Kiriath Arba, and to Hebron; and Alba was the father of the Anakim.
Now therefore hear what Yahweh says: Arise, and make your argument before the mountains, that the hills may hear your voice.
Samuel spoke the kingdom to the people, and wrote it in a book, and put it before Yahweh: and Samuel scattered the people, and went every man to his house.
You shall choose wise men, and be wise, and have confidence, and have hope, according to your tribes, that I may make them your princes.'
Let's be one body, and let's be one body. Let's walk in love, and let's do good.
When he had made an end of speaking, Pilate cried with a loud voice, saying, You, Paul, are in the midst of your tumult! You have written a book to make you in the midst of your tumult!
If you see the donkey that hates you falling down, don't go out, but keep the donkey that you have brought down with him.
Isaac was very afraid, and trembled, and said, Who is he? You have not come yet, but have given me the things which he has struck. I ate, and blessed him, and he shall surely be blessed.
For the righteous fall seven times, And the wicked fall.
then hear in heaven your prayer, and do according to all that the Gentiles have asked of you; that all the peoples of the earth may know your name, and fear you, as your people Israel, and that they may know that I have made this house holy by your name.
Leah said, God has given me a wage, because I gave my handmaid to my husband. She named him Issachar.
If you will do this very thing, then you shall be king over David, and over his servants, and over his people, and over his chariots, and over his horses, and over the gates of this house.
one young bull, one ram, one male lamb a year old, for a burnt offering;
He will deliver me from all my troubles. My eyes will see my enemies recompensed.
But Yahweh said to Samuel, Don't look at his beauty, nor at the greatness of his body; for I have rejected him; for Yahweh sees nothing as men see; but Yahweh sees awe.
But if your people Israel, because they have sinned against you, be slain before their enemies, and they turn to you, and call on your name, and pray to you in this house;
But Moses stretched out his hand; and they took a stone, and laid it under him; and he sat on the stone; and Aaron and Hur stretched out their hands, one on this side, and another on that side; and their hands were restrained to this day.
Therefore, if you hear the voice of God this day, don't harden your heart, as in the rebellion of your fathers.
If the animal is taken from the guard, it shall be sold to its owner.
David said to the messenger, Thus shall you tell Joab, Don't wait for this thing; for the sword has slain a man, and he is not able to live: be strong again against the city, and fall on him.'
He will make them to walk in his statutes, And to keep his ordinances. Praise Yah!
You shall divide the land which Yahweh your God gives you to possess it into three parts, and you shall open it to you, that all those who kill it may flee there.
Behold, the kings are gathered together, and they pass there together.
The arrows of the sword went in, and the arrows put oil in them; for they didn't shoot out of their stomachs; but they went out by the side of their feet.
He measured the house that was behind him before, and the porch on this side, and the porch on that side, one hundred cubits; and he measured the house, and the porch of the court.
But Paul thought that he didn't write this, for this John had left them in Pamphylia, and had no part in their work.
The men of Dan turned their faces, and said to Micah, What do you mean, that you gather these men together?
Now I know that Yahweh is better than these gods, that he has done proudly to these peoples, even to the Egyptians.
Samuel said, Bring Agag king of Amalek to me. Agag calmly came before him; and Agag said, The affliction of death shall pass away.
He gave thanks to the God of the Red Sea, Pharaoh, and his army; for his loving kindness endures forever:
Now when I have passed through Macedonia, I will come to you.
He cried with a loud voice, saying, He who believes in me doesn't believe in me, but he who sent me.
Rejoice continually.
The Son of Man will also come as Noah did.
Woe to those who fill houses, and to those who fill fields, so that there is no shelter; but you shall stand in the land.
In the third day he shall cleanse himself with the water; and in the seventh day he shall be clean: but if he is not clean in the third day, he shall be unclean in the seventh day.
The disciples therefore came and asked him, Why do you speak to them in parables?
Declare this in the midst of the nations, and prepare the battle, and appoint mighty men, that all the battle may not fail.
If a stone in his hand is laid on him who dies, and he dies, he is a murderer, and he is a murderer. He shall surely be put to death.
For Haman the son of Hammetatha the Agagite, the father of the children of Hametatha, the enemy of the men of Judah, has devised a war against the men of Judah, to destroy them, and to break in pieces Pul, the pillar, to destroy them, and to destroy them;
when you hear that I have spoken against this place, and against the inhabitants of it, and have made it desolate and cursed, and your heart trembles, and you have humbled yourself before Yahweh, and have torn your clothes, and wept before me; and I have heard it, says Yahweh.
Therefore if I eat anything that causes my brothers to stumble, or my sisters to stumble, I will not eat anything sacrificed to idols, that they may not stumble in faith.
He who goes down is a thief, and he who rises up is a mighty man. He who goes down is a fool, and he who rises up is a mighty man.
Saul fought with the Philistines all his days: and when Saul saw any man of might, or of a mighty man, he gathered himself to him.
Therefore we rejoice in the Lord, whether we dwell in the flesh of the earth, or whether we depart from the flesh.
From the time that we departed from Kadesh Barnea even to the day that we passed over the brook of Shiloh, thirty-eight years, and to the day that all the plagues were consumed in the camp, as Yahweh swore to them,
He who is to be cleansed shall wash his clothes, and purify the door of his tent, and bathe himself in water, and be clean: and afterward he shall enter into the camp; but he shall stay outside of his tent seven days.
You shall not let them dwell in your land, lest they cause you to sin against me: it shall be a snare to you, if you serve their gods.
Now the rest of the acts of Elah, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
The men who died in Benjamin were eighteen thousand; all of them mighty men; and the rest turned back, and fled into the wilderness to the rock of Rimmon.
Who can prolong his life so that he doesn't die, And deliver his soul out of the authority of Sheol? Selah.
Mattathyah the Levite was the firstborn of Shallum the Korahites; and his recompense was the bread of the potter's chamber.
Let your height be above the heavens, God. Let your glory be above all the earth.
No one can deny this honor, but God has appointed it, as Aaron did.
those who keep his covenant, And remember his precepts, And do them.
Therefore, when I come to you, I will give you a greater tax credit, that you may be glorified in Christ Jesus for my sake.
Whoever drinks of it doesn't know it, but goes to him who drinks of it by the river.
The five came into the house of Micah, and took the engraved images, and the priest's ephod, and the ephod, and the engraved images: and the priest said to them, What do you do?
Behold, I will be your enemy, you proud Babylonians; for the time has come that I will punish you, because I have afflicted your day.
The angel of Yahweh stretched out the rod that was in his hand, and saw flesh and unleavened bread; and a fire came out of the rock, and devoured all flesh and unleavened bread. The angel of Yahweh departed, and saw no more.
If the wicked desire to be struck, then the judge shall cause him to be struck on the ground before him, according to his iniquity, and according to his portion.
Both Malun and Kirian died; neither was there a husband nor son in her.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
In the fourth year of Ahab king of Israel began Jehoshaphat the son of Asa to reign over Judah.
That we may be joined to him in Christ, is God, and that he himself has chosen us to be his people.
Our oxen are full of life, and no one enters into the deep. We will not go out to battle, neither will our streets be weeping.
For I am ashamed that I begged the king for a great army and for horsemen to help us in the battle; for we have said to the king, The hand of our God is on all those who ask of him; but his might and his wrath are against all those who forsake him.
Uzziah did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, according to all that Amaziah his father had done.
Shallum the son of Jabesh rebelled against him, and struck him before the people, and killed him, and kept his words.
Why, my son, do you have sexual immorality? Why do you have sexual immorality?
He said, If we have found favor in your sight, give this land to your servant for an inheritance, and don't bring us over the Jordan.
His voice is to show him, And to show animals the greatness of the work which he will do.
Stand outside, and wait for him who weighs you to come out to you.
The king came with Haman to Esther the queen.
Therefore we sent to you Barnabas, and Paul, whom we loved, with all our heart and with all our soul;
Lift up your hands toward the sanctuary, and praise Yahweh.
I saw, and I knew that God didn't send him, but that he himself spoke against me this prophet, and that Tobijah and Sanballat blasphemed him.
Then shall you eat the flesh of the lambs boiled with fire, and the unleavened bread; and you shall eat it with affliction.
His arms are like a golden ring, And his flesh like a reed, And a sapphire stone round about.
It happened in the night, that he said to his rulers, Call the laborers, and give them wages. From the beginning of the laborers they worked, until the beginning of the laborers they did.'
They can't stand with the mighty men who aren't circumcised. These mighty men dwell in dungeons in Sheol. Their heads are in the sword, and their bones are in their iniquity. They have terrorized the mighty in the land of the living.
Therefore the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, the mighty man of Israel, said, Aha! I will cut off my enemies, and make myself more righteous; and I will be avenged on my enemies.
not to those who prophesy deep, but to those who speak with a loud voice, many nations, in which you don't understand, neither do you hear.
It happened on the next day, that all the heads of fathers' houses of the people, the priests, and the Levites, gathered themselves together to Ezra the scribe, to hear the words of the law.
He who is humble sees, and rejoices. Let the heart of the man of God live.
Why do you exalt yourselves so much? For you don't mourn, neither drive out those who do these things out of the midst of you.
The king spoke with them, and there was none like Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, or Azariah among all their people: therefore they did that which was right in the sight of the king.
Yahweh brings forth the wrath of his enemies, And the flocks of peace.
David was very distressed, because they said, Stone should be given to David. They were very distressed for their sons and for their daughters: but David trusted in Yahweh his God, and was established.
I am more righteous than the Jews, And more diligent than the fathers.
There was a certain Pharisee named Neco the wife of a Jew.
I knew that the Levites didn't give them their portion, so that the Levites who bore the charge, and those who sang, went every man to his own land.
I am perfect in him. I myself have not done my evil.
The Son of Man shall surely be delivered into the hand of sinners, that they may be crucified, and rise on the third day.'
Speak to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: Cursed be he who doesn't listen to the voice of this covenant.
Let no blood fall on you in the land which Yahweh your God gives you for an inheritance, so that no blood shall fall on you.
They departed from the mountain of Yahweh, and traveled three days; and the ark of Yahweh went before them three days, and took them to a resting place.
He will keep his holy feet, And cause the wicked to stumble in darkness; For man can't endure without strength.
Who is he who hasn't sought his wife? Let him return to his house, lest he perish, and another man seek him.
For it is written, He has subdued everything under his feet. Yes, he has subdued everything under the feet of Christ.
But the gold, and the silver, and the vessels of brass, shall be separate from Yahweh, and shall be brought into Yahweh's treasuries.
They gave to them the Arabah, and the land that is by the Jordan, from Kinneroth even to the sea of the Arabah, the Salt Sea, and the land of the slopes of Pisgah eastward.
Then the king and Jehoiada gave the money to the men who served in the house of Yahweh: and they took stones, and chariots, and filled the house of Yahweh; and they took iron, and brass, and filled the house of Yahweh.
and he who created all things, and brought in many to glory, he who was crucified, Jesus of Nazareth, from the affliction of the flesh. This is a sign to God.
They destroyed the pillars of Baal, and destroyed the house of Baal, and made it a snare to this day.
When he has washed him, the priest shall examine him, and, behold, if the plague is worse, then he shall tear it from the garment, or from the skin, or from the hair, or from the skin.
He shall kill the bull before Yahweh. Aaron's sons, the priests, shall offer the blood, and sprinkle the blood at the door of the Tent of Meeting, and on the altar round about.
Stand in the temple, and proclaim to all the people the word of this life.
He brings the sin of the wicked on them. He will destroy them when they do evil. Yahweh our God will destroy them.
Cursed be the day that I was born, And blessed be the day that my mother bore me.
For the sake of the truth of the Good News, we didn't appoint a centurion to them.
Thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will bring evil on this place, and on the inhabitants of it, even the curses which are written in the book of the prophecy before the king of Judah.
He went and called the doors of the court, and told it to the king's daughter.
Now Josiah burned the altar and the top of the mountain that was built in Bethel, and Jeroboam the son of Nebat, which Israel had sinned: and he burnt the altar and the top of the mountain; and he burnt the top of it, and he poured out the fire of it, and poured out the fire of Asherah.
The priest shall take these for a wave offering, and shall wave them before Yahweh: and it shall be holy, with the wave offering, and with the head; and it shall be given to the priest; and he who offers it shall drink wine afterward.
Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
The wicked says in his heart, You will not be saved. Why does he despise God?
If you have afflicted your brothers for their food, your works are not of love; you shall not destroy your own food for Christ's sake.
He sweeps the mountain, and the mountain doesn't know it. His anger is kindled, and he brings the mountain down.
God doesn't call us to death, but to the resurrection of the Holy One.
Thus shall you say to your neighbor, and to your brother, What will Yahweh answer? What will Yahweh say?
So your faith will be established, and you will be holy before our God, Jesus, and his saints, when they come.
Deliver me from those who do evil, And from those who desire the life of men.
Go to the priests the Levites, and to the judges of the day, and inquire of them; and they shall testify against you.
Come, see my hands and my feet, and know that I am myself; and touch them, and know that there is no bone nor flesh. Touch them, and behold, I am all.
I will call on the Most High, the God who has done all things to me.
They are for Yahweh their God, and for David their king, whom I will raise up.
But Yahweh testified to Israel and to Judah by all prophets and prophets, saying, Depart from your evil ways, and keep my commandments and my statutes, and do according to all that I have commanded your fathers, and by all my servants the prophets, to give you a perfect law.
Jesus said to him, This is the thing that is said with you.
Then I opened my mouth, and he gave me the book to eat.
Moreover his power was on us from the beginning even to the end.
They said one to another, Who did this? They asked one another, and said, This is what Gideon the son of Joash did.
Jacob rebelled against Laban the Syrian, and fled, and didn't tell him.
The glory of Lebanon, the olive tree, and the olive tree, and the pomegranate tree, shall be with you, that I may set my sanctuary in order; and I will give glory to my footstool.
Speak to all the people of the land, and to the priests, saying, You have come seventy years, and have fasted in the fifth month, and in the seventh day: are you fasting for me, or do you fast for me?
He who is first among you shall be your bondservant.
Lift up your eyes, Jerusalem, and see, you men of the north. Where is the flock which was given to you, your beautiful flock?
He threw out a great bull, and threw it into all the land of Israel, and said, As everyone who didn't follow Saul and Samuel will do to his bull, so will Yahweh make the people afraid, and they hurried.
He shall stand on the two sides of the bird, and break it; but he shall not break it; and the priest shall burn it on the wood that is on the fire that is on the altar: it is a burnt offering, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
and give Solomon my son a heart of truth, to keep your commandments, and your ordinances, and your statutes, and to do all these things together, and to build the house that I have prepared.
Deliver me according to your righteousness. Release me. Turn your ear to me, and save me.
The children of Abraham, his servant, and the children of Jacob, whom he chose,
Therefore we have sent Judah and Shelah; and they will tell you the things which are written in the book of the Bible, and in the cup.
Behold, the day of Yahweh comes, and it shall be wrath, and wrath, and wrath, and it shall make this land desolate, and it shall be consumed by those who sin in it.
He buried him in the grave of his own house in the field of Uzza; and Josiah his son reigned in his place.
It happened in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, the son of Elishah, the king's brother, took ten men with him, and struck Gedaliah, and the Jews who were with him at Mizpah, and the Chaldeans.
I will tell God, Don't make me guilty, but test me. For what have you argued with me?
Then the king went out, and all his household with him; and the king left behind ten others to build the house.
But fear Yahweh, and serve him with all your heart and with all your soul; for you shall remember that he has done great things for you.
They brought in the ark of Yahweh, and set it in its place, even in the tent which David made for it: and David offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before Yahweh.
Jacob returned from Paddan Aram, and God appeared to him, and blessed him.
saying, I will not enter into the tent of my house, Neither will I wash my bed;
You have made the counsel of the needy to fail; But Yahweh will be their refuge.
So also is the dead, who are raised from the dead. The body that is buried in the dust will be no more. When they are raised, they will be no more.
Abijah grew strong, and took ten wives, and bore twenty-two sons and six daughters.
This is the bread that comes down out of heaven, that they may eat, and not die.
He said, What is like the Kingdom of God? What shall I do?
My soul said to Yahweh, You are my Lord, and I will not be blessed without you.
The younger also bore a son, and named him Benjamin, the father of the children of Ammon.
Don't rebuke your father, as you afflict your father; As you afflict your brother from the young man;
They did so before the throne of God, and served him day and night in his holy temple; and he who sits on the throne would be with them to keep them.
If anyone asks you anything, give him it. If anyone takes your goods, don't take them back.
He made a reed for the altar of the iniquity of those who had sinned against their life: for they offered it before Yahweh: therefore it was holy, that it might be a commandment to the children of Israel.
The wicked will receive a bribe in secret, And will be punished harshly.
You inhabitants of Dibon, come down from the words of your glory, and sit in the dry land; for the destruction of Moab has come up against you, and has destroyed your strongholds.
Hear, Job, my words. Hold your peace, and I will speak.
The voice of Yahweh made the mother to be astonished, and made the trees of the forest to tremble and to shine: and everyone in the house cried, Glory to Yahweh!
They sought me day and night, and were glad to know my ways, as a righteous people, that didn't depart from the law of their God. They prayed to me in righteousness, and were glad to come near to God.
They pursued our steps like a scourge, so that we could not walk in our streets: our end is near, and our days are fulfilled; for our end is near.
He will have from the army of Judah thirty thousand shields and spears; and from Benjamin twenty thousand shields and bows; all of them mighty men of valor.
Don't abhor us for your name's sake, Nor profane your throne of glory. Remember us, And don't break your covenant with us.
The angel of Yahweh came to Ophrah, and sat under the oak of Joash of the tribe of Abiezer: and Gideon the son of Joash was grazing in the winepress, and didn't want Midian to see it.
Therefore I struck you, and hurt you; for your iniquities caused you to stumble.
You shall not depart from the border of your fathers, which they encamped.
But if a wicked man ceases from his wickedness, and does that which is right and right, he will give life to his soul.
But the debtor stood far away, and lifted up his eyes to heaven, and didn't turn, but cried out, God, forgive me this sinner.'
In the eighteenth year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah began Joram the son of Ahab to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned twelve years.
I am Yahweh your God, who brought you up out of the land of Egypt, to give you the land of Canaan, and to be your God.
So the world will not boast before God.
I call on you, Yahweh; for the fire devours the pastures of the wilderness, and the fire consumes the trees of the field.
They took away the foreign gods out of the midst of them, and served Yahweh. Yahweh's heart was troubled because of the children of Israel.
He who opens his eyes to adversity brings sorrow, But he who speaks foolishly will perish.
As for the ten horns, which he will raise up ten kings out of the land, there shall be another king raised up, and he shall set three kings before him.
Woe to the afflicted man in the daytime! Woe to the man of joy in his heart!
It happened in the morning, that the chief priests and the elders of the people conspired together against him to kill him.
David arose out of the ground, and washed his body, and anointed himself, and put on his clothes, and entered into the house of Yahweh, and worshiped, and returned to his house. He commanded that they should set something before him, and he ate.
Jehoahaz prayed to Yahweh; and Yahweh listened to him; for he saw that the children of Israel were oppressed, even the king of Syria, who oppressed them.
Nebuchadnezzar brought the vessels of the house of Yahweh to Babylon, and set them in the house of Babylon.
This is the law which Moses set before the children of Israel;
Now Jehoiah was chief among the children of Hebron, according to the generations of his fathers, in the twelfth year of the reign of David, in Jaiel of Gilead, finding great men of valor among them.
Therefore command the guard to keep the tomb until the third day, that his disciples not steal his body, and that they tell the people, He has risen from the dead.' If so, then the deceit will be greater than the first.
Are we yet little in the sins of Bohol? Though the pestilence has come on the assembly of Yahweh, To this day we are not clean.
You shall not take away the border that was set before you; neither shall you deepen the field of the fatherless.
God will judge among the nations for a multitude of peoples. They will strike their swords into the snares, and their spears into the snares. This nation shall not use the sword against the nation, neither shall they learn war any more.
It was a day of darkness and darkness, a day of thick clouds and darkness, like a thicket of briers covering a mountain: and there was a great and strong people, a people that had not been able to do so until now, and to this day there was no such thing.
that you may strike them, and your feet in the blood of their enemies, and your dogs in the blood of their blood.
From the base of the earth to the base of the ephod, two cubits high, and a cubit low; from the base of the earth to the base of the earth, four cubits high, and a cubit high.
Mordecai went on his way before the guard every day, wanting to know whether Esther had peace, and what might be with her in the future.
For you didn't serve Yahweh your God with a glad heart and with a glad soul for your wealth.
You shall make the poles of acacia wood, and overlay them with gold.
He let out another fox, that he might see the waters flowing out of the earth before them.
You shall tell the people, Make yourselves holy, and prepare yourselves to eat flesh tomorrow; for you shall weep, that Yahweh may hear you saying, Who shall give us flesh to eat? for we are well in Egypt. Therefore Yahweh will give you flesh to eat.
He shall delight himself in the fear of Yahweh: he shall not judge with his right eye, neither shall he judge with his left ear,
The disciples asked him, Teacher, when will these things happen? And what is the sign that these things will happen?
Abraham was one hundred seventy-five years old when he began to reign.
The boards were ten cubits long by ten cubits broad, and ten cubits broad.
They will roar like a mighty lion, Like a young lion roaring.
Don't you lift up your eyes, And don't you slumber when you lift up your eyes, And will you be their spoil?
He who lies with a thief hates his own life. He hears a stumbling block, and doesn't speak.
Speak to them, every body of your seed that shall be desolate, and come to the sanctuaries of the children of Israel, which they have sanctified to Yahweh, shall be cut off from me: I am Yahweh.
They said, Come, and let's drink, and let's drink, and let's drink, until we have sinned. Tomorrow will be like this day, with great joy and without recompense.
For we heard him saying, This Nazarene Jesus will destroy this temple, and will change the statutes which Moses spoke to us.'
Whoever is with Christ is a new creation. All things have passed away from him, and are become new.
God was angry with them, and killed the mighty among them, and struck the young men of Israel.
The chariots of God are thousands of thousands. The Lord is in them as in Sinai, In a holy place.
If he doesn't first bring it to the door of the Tent of Meeting before the tent of Yahweh, and offer it as a present to Yahweh, and pour out the blood on the man, he shall pour out the blood, and he shall be cut off from his people.
I will not take any of your things, even the smallest of them, and the smallest of them; lest you say, I have given Abram wealth.'
We have comforted and comforted you, that your walk might be made perfect, and that he may call you into his Kingdom and into his glory.
Bring also cedars and cedars and cedars from Lebanon to me; for I know that your servant has taken the cedars from Lebanon; and behold, my servant shall be with your servant.
When the Philistines had come, they encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
Then they were not able to eat, because the priests who were cleansed were not able to afford them, and the people were not gathered together to Jerusalem.
Behold, I set before you this day life and good, death and evil.
In those days, when king Oziah reigned, I saw the Lord sitting on the highest throne, and his garments falling down on the temple full of holy things.
I set my heart to preach the Good News in a land where I have not heard the name of Christ, that there may be no good in the work of others.
If I speak, my sorrow endures forever. If I hold my peace, will my sorrow depart from me?
For the Spirit sanctified them in Asia, and they passed through the land of Pharaoh and Galilee.
Shall he trust in him, because he is strong? or shall he give him your abominations?
If your brother is poor, and has lost his inheritance, then his relatives shall come and redeem his brother's loss.
Ride on horses, and ride on horses. Stand up in the head, and take your spears, and put on armor.
His people also came to him. They drank of all kinds of water.
Then the house wept the second time. Peter thought to Jesus, and said to him, The house wept the second time, and you wept the third time.
The appearance of a car is like the appearance of a chariot: its love, its ornaments, its lords, and its horns, are great.
and for the blood of those who didn't sin, because he filled Jerusalem with the blood of those who didn't sin, which Yahweh would not forgive.
You bring the widow to nothing. The fatherless are broken in pieces.
I will release the remnant of my inheritance, and will deliver them into the hand of their enemies; and they shall be to them a great army, which all their enemies have taken away;
Joab went to the king, and said, What have you done? Behold, Abner came to you: why have you sent him away? Now he has departed.
The priest shall sprinkle some of the blood with his finger, and sprinkle some of the blood seven times before Yahweh, from the veil of the sanctuary.
Brothers, we have a disagreement with you for a while, a disagreement of the flesh: our heart isn't far from you, and we are eager to see you again.
None of those who sat at the table knew that he had spoken this word to him.
If he doesn't receive from the one his share of the inheritance, then he shall be free from the inheritance, and shall not be redeemed with money.
But you came to Mount Zion, the city of the living God, to Jerusalem in the sky, and there were thousand and thousands of angels.
and you shall take a great army, and ride on horses, and ride on chariots, according to the army which you have lost; and we shall fight with them in the plain, and we shall be encamped: and the king listened to them, and did so.
Now therefore forgive me my sin, and return with me, that I may worship Yahweh.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: The dead that you have laid in this city are flesh, and this city is a tower; but you shall be driven out of the midst of it.
The man, the Lord of the land, said to us, If it please me that I may know that you are honest, let one of your brothers be with me, that you may return with grain, and save the famine of your house.
I, Paul, greet you in my own house.
I will turn your feasts into mourning, and your ephod into groaning; and I will make all the people weary with their sackcloths, and their heads without hair; and I will make them mourn like a dead child, until the end as the day of affliction.
For you are the glory of their strength. Our horns are lifted up because of you.
Then came Isaiah the prophet to king Hezekiah, and said to him, What say these men? From where have they come to you? Hezekiah answered, From a far country, even from Babylon, have they come to me.
Therefore he who disobeys this teaching disobeys no man, but the God of your Spirit who disobeys.
Now my spirit is turned away from me. The days of trouble hold me back.
I saw the ram that came near to him, and was angry toward him, and took the ram, and broke the horns of it: and the ram had no strength to stand before him; and he laid the ram on the ground, and trod on it; and there was none who could deliver the ram out of his hand.
He said, The Jews have spoken a good word, and have sought to inquire of him again. Please bring Paul to the assembly tomorrow.
His sons went up every man to his brother's house to eat and to drink, according to their days; and he sent to meet their three sisters, and to eat and to drink with them.
You shall grind with stone, and not with honey: you shall take away your robe, and take off your turban, and cover your knees, and go over the brook.
Most assuredly I tell you, when you are young, you shall be bound to the place where you want to go; but when you are old, you shall stretch out your hand, and they shall bound you to the place where you don't want to go.
and to all the cities of gold that Barak had, and all the cities of Solomon, and the cities of chariots, and the cities of horsemen, and to Solomon in Jerusalem, and in Lebanon, and in all the land of his rule, which he desired to go for his pleasure.
The men of Jerusalem and the men of Judah were carried away captive to Babylon; and Jeremiah also was carried away captive by the captain of the guard, and bound with iron; and they let him go from Ramah; and the word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah.
Hold your peace, daughter of Chaldea, and enter into the darkness; for you shall no more be called the daughter of the nations.
God said, I will judge the kingdom which is to them for bondservants. Then I will cause them to come out, and worship in this place.'
The king's wrath is like a lion's wailing. His grace is like the iniquity of a grasshopper.
He asked them when their sons had grown up. They said to him, It is only one hour, and the sun is set.
Now what will we say, when he comes? Who is he who will be against us, if he is for us?
Cursed be he who receives a bribe, and commits a trespass that is not sinful. All the people shall say, Amen.
You shall not make a pillar for yourself; for Yahweh your God hates it.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: In the day that he goes down to Sheol I make a mockery; and I cover the depths, and bind the rivers, and cause the waters to cease; and I make Lebanon a desolation for him; and all the trees of the field are gone down because of him.
The wings of the cherubim were twenty cubits; and the wings of the one cherubim were five cubits; and the wings of the other cherubim were five cubits; and the wings of the other cherubim were five cubits.
All the Egyptians shall know that I am Yahweh; for they have been a rod of no strength to the house of Israel.
and on the other side of the boat was all the bread that Pharaoh had eaten, and birds came to take away the bread out of my head.
But I tell you, if a man's heart is broken, and he sees a woman, he has committed adultery with her in his heart.
Those who believe are able to enter into the rest of his gift. As he said, I swore in my wrath, They can't enter into my rest. For God has worked in the creation.
He killed the ram, and Moses sprinkled the blood on the altar round about.
Jacob said to Laban, The days are fulfilled. Give me my wife, that I may lodge with her.
Now all the engraved images of the sanctuary were broken with axes and arrows.
Then you will believe that he will not give gold to his father, or to his mother.
The sons of Hazen built the Sheol; and they made its crown, and set up its doors, and its sockets, and its bars.
Then said the people of the city to Elisha, See now, if it is good, as my lord has seen; but sin is evil, so that the land is not cultivated.
Yahweh is living. Let my rock be blessed. Yahweh be exalted, the rock of my salvation.
and in Ziklag, and in Meganah, and in the villages of it;
Arise, go to Nineveh, the great city; lift up your voice, and warn them; for their sin comes before me.
He said to the man, Arise, and go, and behold, your faith makes you well.
So that Satan wouldn't rule over us, for we are well-pleasing in Satan's throne.
They were clothed, and put on their garments, and their robes, and their coats, and their rest of their clothing, and they were cast into the fiery furnace.
So the kingdom of Jehoshaphat was quiet, because his God gave him rest round about.
My sister, my love, I have entered into my garden. I have stripped myself of my perfume and of my spices. I have eaten my wine and of my honey. I have drunk my wine and of my milk. My friends, eat and drink. My beloved, drink and be drunken.
There was a sapphire stone in the midst of the rock, and there was gold in it.
Wash yourselves, and put away your wickedness from before my eyes, And make your work evil.
Therefore the Jews argued among themselves, saying, Why does this man give us his flesh to eat?
All the branches and the flowers were made one with it, of pure gold, made according to the pattern of the stroke.
Brothers, yes, we say it, but we know that you are better than we say it, and you will be saved.
He who has a parable is a devil. He who has a parable is a angel, and he who has a parable.
They cried out from the mountains and from the hills, and said, Come down and hide us, that we may escape the wrath of him who sits on the throne, and of the Lamb.
Behold, you are no more, and your doings are nothing; but that which is best for you is abominable.
Therefore be rulers, not only for the wrath of God, but also for the patience of your hearts.
If my father has anything to do with you, I will tell you to go in peace, and if not, Yahweh will punish Jonathan. Yahweh be with you, as he was with my father.
Then said Sheshai to him, Stand at the door of the Tent, and if anyone comes to inquire of you, and says, Is there a man with you? Then said you to him, No.
The children of Israel who lived in Jerusalem rejoiced greatly, and kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days: and the Levites and the priests blessed Yahweh day and night, and blessed Yahweh with their marvelous instruments.
It happened, when Samuel was old, that he appointed his sons to be judges over Israel.
Simeon had fifty cubits; and the pillars of the pillars were ten; and the hooks of the pillars and their fillets were of silver.
Praise Yah! Praise the name of Yahweh, you servants who serve in Yahweh's house.
His children are glorified, but he doesn't know. They are brought low, but he doesn't know.
Yahweh, don't you remember what I will do? Will you remember forever? Don't you hide your face from what I will do?
and with him Abijab the son of Ahizboam, of the tribe of Dan, a skilled artist and a skilled craftsman, adorned with blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen.
This is not to say that we have no power to compel you, but that we may be your counselors, that you may know our ways.
Out of them, they are the blind who seek the blind; and if the blind seek the blind, they both fall into the pit.
David asked again of God, and God said to him, Don't pursue after them; but go from side to side against them on the palm trees.
He shall turn the heart of his father toward his son, and the heart of his son toward his father; that I not curse this land.
He said to them, I will depart from you, and you will seek me, and you will die for your sins. You can't go to my place where I am going.
David took Abigail, and brought her things; and he said to her, Return to your house in peace; and behold, I have heard your words, and have done according to your words.
Moses was exceedingly angry, and said to Yahweh, Don't subdue what they offer. I will not give them a donkey, nor one man to hurt them.
The men of Joab, and the men of Chereth, and the men of Bereth, and all the mighty men, went out after Abishai, and went out from Jerusalem, and pursued after Sheba the son of Bichri.
The labor of the righteous shall lead to life, But the strife of the wicked shall lead to sin.
You shall hear no more violence in your land, nor destruction in your land; but you shall call your wall a deliverer, and your gates a praise.
They lay on every altar as a shield, And drink the wine of those who persecute them in the house of their God.
The scribe answered, There has not been a man like this since the days of old.
In the day that he anointed the altar, the princes of Israel shall do that which is anointed on the altar: twelve silver platters, twelve silver platters, and twelve gold platters;
Laban said to him, If I have found favor in your sight, stay with me; for I know deep down that Yahweh has blessed me for your sake.
They shall confess their sin which they have sinned, and shall recompense it to the man of his trespass which he has trespassed against, five times more than the house of their trespass which they have trespassed against.
It happened, when the children of Israel cried to Yahweh, that Yahweh raised up one of them, Ehud the son of Gera, the Benjaminite, who was slain by the hand; and the children of Israel sent him an offering to Eglon king of Moab.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
The children of Israel traveled, and encamped in the plains of Moab, beyond the Jordan, over against Jericho.
If the young lady, while she was yet in her father's house, made a vow to Yahweh, and made a covenant to herself,
Who knows that the cloud of man goes up above, And the cloud of animals falls on the earth?
When Yahweh saw that he turned and looked, God said to him out of the thorns, Moses, Moses. He answered, Here am I.
Is it from the sea, or from the islands? Or have you set a commandment for me?
But Sihon didn't believe Israel, nor let them pass through his border: and Sihon gathered all his people together, and encamped against Israel in Jahaz.
Your commandments are truthful. They have persecuted me without cause. Help me.
They are shepherds, for they feed livestock. They bring flocks, herds, and all that they have.'
The thorns said to the trees, If you shall surely make me king over you, then you shall hide yourself in my shadow: and if not, let the fire go out from the thorns, and devour the cedar trees of Lebanon.
When they had told Peter all these things, he followed them, preaching to them from the east to the west the word of the Holy One, which can't be destroyed, eternal salvation. On the first day of the seventh day Jesus rose again, and appeared to Mary Magdalene. He had cast out seven arks before him.
But Jonah arose, and wanted to flee to Tarshish, and to flee from Yahweh; and he went down to Joppa, and found a boat to go to Tarshish: and he made him flee for money, and he sailed with them to Tarshish, and to flee from Yahweh.
They built on this foundation of gold, and on silver, and on precious stones, and on wood, and on thorns, and on fir trees.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, When I brought forth your fathers out of the land of Egypt out of the house of bondage, and made a covenant with them, saying,
They committed adultery in Egypt, even adultery in the youth; and there they gave their milk, and there they took the breasts of her virginity.
He made the curtains of darkness round about, the waters that were gathered together, and the clouds that were in the sky.
He lifts up his voice, and shines. His eyes are like the eyes of the morning.
You shall not sacrifice to Yahweh your God any sick animal, or any kind of animal of iniquity; for it is an abomination to Yahweh your God.
There was a strong tower in the city; and all the people of the city fled, both men and women, and shut the doors, and built the tower.
Go and tell David, Thus says Yahweh, I have given you three things: choose one of them, and I will do them to you.
How much more, Yahweh, the God of Armies, did you provoke to anger from the prayer of your people?
Zion stretched out his hand, and there was none to comfort him: and concerning Jacob, Yahweh had sent a commandment, and made the people who were round about him his enemy; and Jerusalem was among them as uncleanness.
I will go there, and you shall know where I am going.
When the prisoner received the commandment, he shut them up, and put them in the prison, and bound their feet in sackcloth.
For the fool will speak foolishly, and his heart will do evil, and will commit a blasphemy, and will speak falsely against Yahweh, that the hungry may eat nothing, and the thirsty may drink no water.
besides their servants and their handmaids, seven thousand three hundred thirty-seven; and those who sang, two hundred.
The pledge of the temple shall not be increased; for the pledge has been given to the Gentiles, and they shall tread down the temple forty-two months.
because they didn't listen to my voice, which I spoke to my servants the prophets, rising up early and sending them; but you didn't listen, says Yahweh.
You shall measure out the suburbs of the city, which you give to the Levites, round about the city, one thousand cubits.
Be taught, Jerusalem, lest my heart be with you, lest I make you a desolation, a land in which no man dwells.
But if you only give thanks in your heart, and the congregation doesn't know what you are saying, why does he say with all his heart, Amen?
Uzziah took a great army, and went out to war, according to the number of Jeiel the scribe and Maaseiah the prince, by the hand of Hananiah the captain of the army of the king.
John answered, He who has two garments, let him give to him who doesn't have one; and he who eats food, let him do so.
When he was about to send them into the camp, he said to the captain of the guard, Do I have a word to tell you? The captain of the guard said, Do you know the words of Hera?
For the judgment of his people he will call for heaven and earth.
The bull of the sin offering, and the goat of the sin offering, whose blood has come into the sin offering of the sanctuary, their flesh shall go out of the camp, and they shall burn their skin, and their flesh, and their dung with fire.
For if Christ died for us, we know that it was love, and that we should die both for our brothers and for our sisters.
He brought out the priests out of the cities of Judah, and defiled the high places of the burnt offering from Geba even to Beersheba; and he broke down the high places of the gates, which are before Joshua the ruler, on the right side of the gate.
The man of God sent to the king of Israel, saying, Be careful that you don't pass through the land of your wife; for there the Syrians are come down.
For they offered freely, and all the people rejoiced; for they gave freely to Yahweh; and the king David greatly rejoiced all the days of his life.
Your kingdom is come. Your will is great. Your earth is like heaven.
He measured his length at the gate that looked toward the north.
Therefore all his evil will come in one day: death, mourning, and famine; and he will be devoured with fire; for God his Lord will be mighty in judgment.
Ahaziah was in Samaria, and Jehu was with him; and they took him, and brought him to Jehu, and killed him; and they buried him: for they said, He is the son of Jehoshaphat, Yahweh's son, who sought Yahweh with all his heart. So the house of Ahaziah had no power to keep the kingdom.
To recompense the nations, To punish the nations.
I have heard you in my ears. My eyes have seen you.
If my heart causes a woman to be moved, Or if I hide myself at the door of her neighbor's house,
So is the rock, and so is the sand. The wrath of the fool is greater than these.
As a donkey roars in the forest, As a roe in the field.
Fear of Yahweh is a root of knowledge. The fool despises wisdom and instruction.
You will have a battle with God, and your heart will fight against him, and you will do evil.
The rest took his servants, and blasphemed them, and killed them.
Among them the army was like a fattened calf, who turned back, and fled, and couldn't stand: for the day of their calamity was come, and the time of their vengeance was come.
That the servants of God may receive a bounty of bounty, That they may do all good things.
I will affix Rabhak and Babylon to my people; and behold, the Philistines, and Tyre and Ethiopia are born in Zion.
Jesus answered them, Be careful that no one deceives you.
For he who called you is the God of truth, who will surely establish you in this way.
Then there was a certain Zoroah of the Danites, whose name was Manoah: his wife was barren and unmarried.
How can Christ be reconciled with the devil? What is the fruit of faith for those who don't believe?
He said to me, The chambers which are on the north and on the south are holy chambers, which are before the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the
The birds of prey are in the way of the sky, The serpents in the way of the rock, The sand in the way of the sea, And the salt marshes in the way of your snares.
Yahweh was angry with the children of Israel, and delivered them into the hand of those who cut them off; and they cut them off; and he didn't give them into the hand of the enemy round about, so that they didn't stand before the enemy any more.
This shall say, I am Yahweh's; and this shall call himself Jacob's, and this shall be like it: he who comes to Yahweh shall call himself Israel's.
Why do you tremble, my soul? Why do you tremble in my midst? Look to Yahweh, for I still praise him. He is the glory of my face, my God.
For you have heard of the grace which was given me through God for your sake.
But as Peter stood outside at the door, one of the high priest's servants, who was a disciple of him, went out to speak to the woman who was at the door, and brought him in.
The water that remains is sweet. The bread that is stolen is sweet.
I didn't know him, but I came to baptize in water, that the children of Israel might know him.
You have established your people Israel for yourself forever. You are their God, Yahweh.
You husbands, love your wives as Christ loves the assembly, and exalt yourself for the assembly.
By the border of Asher, from the east side to the west side, Naphtali one portion.
Take their daughters, and give them to their sons, that they may serve their gods.
But let God speak, And open his mouth to you.
The priest shall take some of the blood of the sin offering with his finger, and put it on the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and pour out the blood on the feet of the altar of burnt offering.
They cry, but no one saves them. They cry to Yahweh, but he doesn't answer.
These are the men whom Yahweh commanded to give the inheritance to Israel in the land of Canaan.
and he listened to the nations which Yahweh drove out before Israel, and to the statutes of the kings of Israel.
They shall make a ark of acacia wood. Its length shall be two cubits, and its breadth a cubit, and its height a cubit.
Shall I speak? I have no time to inquire concerning Gideon, or concerning Baalath, or concerning Samson, or concerning Jephthah, or concerning David, or concerning Samuel, or concerning all the prophets.
He said to them, Why do men say that Christ is the seed of David?
All the curtains shall be twenty-eight cubits in length, and four cubits in breadth: the curtains shall be of equal length.
Hear the word, and you will be wise. Don't disobey my word.
and he himself bears our iniquities in the cross, that we may escape from death, and live in righteousness. You have received healing from his wounds.
So you also, when you are under bondage, shall say, We are servants who have no profit, and have worked hard to make a living.'
Now these men have made me their ephod and their ephod.
Speak to the congregation, and tell them, You shall depart from the tents of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram round about.'
But the firstborn among the animals, whether it be ox or sheep, if he has been firstborn to Yahweh, he shall not sanctify him any more; for he is Yahweh's.
Before they were consumed, their foundations were taken away by the flood.
Now the word of my lord concerning wheat, and concerning barley, and concerning oil, and concerning wine, let faith be given to these servants.
He said to them, Who are you? Do you say that I am? He said to them, You are the Christ.
I am Paul, called by the will of God, and apostle of Jesus Christ. I, and my brothers, Simon and Susanne,
and will not defile themselves any more for idols, or for abominations, or for all iniquity: I will deliver them out of all their habitations, from where they have sinned; I will cleanse them; so shall they be my people; I will be their God.
But you despise the poor. Aren't they the rich who oppress and drive you away?
My people, clothe yourselves with sackcloth, and put it in the midst of the fire; and be mourned, as the firstborn, and weep with a weeping heart; for the slain shall come suddenly into the midst of us.
Jesus said that Lazarus was dead, but they believed that he was indeed asleep.
There were altars in the house of Yahweh, which Yahweh had made, saying, I will set my name in Jerusalem.
He shall cleanse the house with the blood of the bird, and with the water of the bird, and with the cedar wood, and with the hyssop, and with the incense.
and four hins for a meal offering; both burnt offerings, and sacrifices of any kind, for Yahweh.
You shall put a linen cloth of blue on the turban, which is before the turban.
Then Sennacherib king of Assyria and all his army sent his servants to Hezekiah king of Judah, and to all Judah who were in Jerusalem, at the battle against Lachish:
I also am as one who doesn't hear, And has no answer in his mouth.
Esau said to Jacob, I am very weary. Please give me this leaf, that I may eat. Therefore Esau's name was called Edom.
Moses said to the people, Remember this day, when you come out of the land of Egypt from the house of bondage; for Yahweh has brought you out of it with a mighty hand. You shall eat no bread of it.
But he said, Let the little ones come to me, and don't hinder them, for as the little ones do, so they will become a people of the Kingdom of Heaven.
Jacob's sons were defiled for his sister, and came to the slain, and took their cities.
For the earth trembled, because of the noise of their destruction. They cried out with a loud voice to the Red Sea.
Thus says his mother, because of the fear of the Jews, because they have a covenant. If anyone believes that Jesus is the Christ, let him go out of the synagogue.
These are the sons of Obed-Edom: they, and their sons, and their brothers, all of them mighty men of valor, able to do great works, and sixty-two men, born to Obed-Edom.
Rebekah said to Jacob his son, Behold, I heard your father tell your brother Esau,
The servants of the king of Syria said to him, The God of Israel is the God of the mountains; therefore they are more than we; but if we fight with them in peace, we are more than we.
So the elders brought them to his house, and took his donkey, and they washed their feet, and ate.
The strangers who live in my house, and my handmaids, have shown me to be foreigners; and they have shown me to be foreigners.
For he walked in the way of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, and he walked in the sins of the children of Israel, and provoked Yahweh, the God of Israel, to anger with false idols.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were sixty-two thousand seven hundred.
He who loves his own life will sanctify it. He who doesn't seek his own life in this world will keep it for eternal life.
The king said to Esther the queen, The men of Judah have killed five hundred men in Shushan the city, and ten sons of Haman: and what is this that is done in all the provinces of the king? what have you put on? I will give it to you; and what have you asked? I will make it to you.
The priests the Levites cleansed themselves, and the people, and the gates of it, and the walls of it.
There they stayed until Herod passed by; that the Lord might confirm the words of the prophets, that I would bring forth my son out of Egypt.
For my own sake, and for David my servant's sake, I will preserve this city, and deliver it.
For I have not done evil in the word of Yahweh, but have departed from my God.
Then the men who carried them carried away their captivity and their spoil from them, and left them before the princes and the congregation.
I will pour out my wrath on you, and I will blow on you the fire of my wrath; and I will deliver you into the hand of a cruel and cruel man.
Behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that I will break your hand, and the hand of your father's house, so that there shall be no old man in your house.
You shall give to Yahweh a portion of your inheritance for a holy convocation: twenty-five thousand reeds, and a thousand reeds; all his border round about shall be holy.
This shall be for all the males who shall enter into the house of Yahweh, who shall be three years old and upward, all who shall come into the house of Yahweh, according to their number, day by day, to minister to them according to their divisions.
Saul sent him wherever he went; and David prospered greatly: and Saul made him captain of the army; and the people and Saul's servants considered it good.
It will happen in that day, Jerusalem, that your border will be broadened, when the days of your wall will come to an end.
the owl, the owl, the owl,
Their father gave them many possessions, gold, and silver, and precious things, and the fortified cities of Judah: but he gave the kingdom to Joram, because he was firstborn.
You shall take the small piece of this incense, and make it sweet, and put it before the ark of the testimony which is in the tent of meeting; and I will be there with you: it shall be most holy to you.
They said to the prophet, There shall be no vision of the vision of the prophet. They said to the prophet, Don't speak to us upright words; speak to us empty words, falsehood.
Shall the earth be forsaken for you because of your wrath, And the rock be lifted up above the earth?
Stand at the gate of Yahweh's house, and prophesy there of these words, saying, Hear the word of Yahweh, everyone who is of Judah, who enters into the gates to worship Yahweh.
Israel has forsaken it. The adversary pursues it.
If I judge a man, my judgment is the foundation of my judgment; for I don't judge myself, but the Father who sent me judges with me.
They did his signs in the midst of their enemies, And did wonders in the land of Ham.
Before the Sabbath came, David arose, and went out with his men, and struck two hundred Philistines: and David took the king's skins; and they gave to the king the full amount, that he might be the king's son-in-law. Saul took Michal his daughter, and gave her to David for a wife.
He said to them, Go, see what you see, and what you hear from John, the blind, and the lame, and the unclean, and the sick, and the dead, and the poor, who can hear the Good News.
The king of Assyria ate the words of Maacah, his mother's brother, because he had made abominable images for Assyria. Asa took his images, and burned them by the brook Kidron.
Yahweh of Armies will keep them; they shall devour their enemies, and tread down the stones which they have cast away; and they shall drink and shout, as they drink wine; and they shall be as a snare, as the horns of the altar.
They sought you, Yahweh, in their trouble. Your border came on them, and they prayed to you with their whole heart.
Your wrath has surrounded me. You have destroyed me with your terror.
Elijah went out from there, and found Elisha the son of Shaphan, and he went into the field: and there were twelve oxen before him, and he drove twelve. Elijah passed by, and put his clothes on him.
Therefore you shall present a present to Meresheth. The house of Achip will deal treacherously with the kings of Israel.
His father and his wife shall take him, and carry him out, and bring him to the elders of the city, at the gate of his place;
The gold, and the silver, and the brass, and the iron, shall not be numbered; but rise up, and do it: Yahweh be with you.
I will surely bless you, And increase your seed to you.
and not in heaven, but, As you say, Who came up for us into heaven, and brought us here, that we might hear and do it?'
The earth was made in the world, and the world was made in the world, but the world didn't know it.
Surely there are with you poor men, but I am not with you always.
So king Solomon did all the service of the house of Yahweh: and Solomon brought in the offering of David his father, and put silver, and gold, and vessels, in the vessels of the house of Yahweh.
Moreover I command you to do so to the elders of Judah, and to bring them help to the house of God, to borrow the king's money out of the banks of the River, and to give it to them for a treasury, that they not bear it.
The trees said to the fig tree, Come, and reign over us.'
Therefore don't pray for this people, neither cry out for them, nor ask me for them; for I will not listen to you.
Afterward there came up seven oxen, very small, very poor, and very small: I have not seen them in all the land of Egypt.
Balak said to Balaam, You shall not curse them, nor bless them.
We, the daughters of our fathers, worshiped with zeal day and night, and hoped for this hope. For this hope I testified against the Jews, O king.
He will open his eyes and rejoice. He will rejoice and sing. The glory of Lebanon, Carmel and the beauty of Shalon, will come to him. They will see the glory of Yahweh, and the mystery of our God.
The righteous dwells in the presence of the wicked, As in a defiled well that runs on a whirlwind.
It will happen, when the dead are turned into dead, and the dead to become dead, that the death which is written will be sown on the land.
Paul, a servant of God, and apostle of Jesus Christ, appointed to help the faith of the saints of God, and to bring them to know the truth of our faith.
The altar was broken, and the ashes of the altar were poured out, according as the man of God listened to the voice of the word of Yahweh.
Now therefore I am not worthy to be your son. Make my service to you good.'
Behold, I have come against the prophets who have sinned against his companions, says Yahweh.
When you see it from the south, you say, It will be hot,' and it is hot.
Joab the son of Zeruiah began to number him; but the wrath of Yahweh came on Israel from this thing: therefore he didn't number him until the end; neither was his number numbered among the kings of David.
My brothers, I thought to write to you in this day's letter, that we might all be saved, but I wrote to you in this day's letter, that you should proclaim the faith of the saints once for all for God's sake.
Most assuredly these words are true. I desire that you will set forth these things, that the man who believes in God may do them with all your heart and with all your soul. These things are good, and they are profitable for all.
I swear by myself, because you have done this thing, says Yahweh, and have not left your son, the son of your offspring:
and that we pray to God, that he may show us the signs of the word, that we may proclaim the word of Christ. For this cause I am busy.
Yahweh said to Moses, Put Aaron's rod before the ark of the testimony, and leave it, and make it a border for the rebels; and you shall cause them to cease from my murmurings, that they not perish.
He begged, and said, My young lady is about to die. Please lay your hand on her, that she may be healed, and rise again.
Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, the three men, were bound, and went down into the midst of a burning fiery furnace.
He offered the burnt offerings to Yahweh on the Sabbaths, and on the new moons, and on the feasts, according to the number of the names, and according to the order, continually before Yahweh.
They flee like a mighty man, And run through a city like a mighty man. They walk every one according to his way. There is no turning back.
For, as I saw, if a wicked man doesn't show his face, he is not right.
It happened, while they were still talking with him, that the king's guard came, and called Haman to the banquet that Esther had prepared.
Absalom fled to Geshur, and lived there three years.
Say you, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: This city shall pour out the blood of men in it, and shall bring on itself the day of its coming; and it shall be defiled with idols, and shall destroy it.
So Aaron shall enter into the sanctuary: one bull for a sin offering, and one ram for a burnt offering.
Let the sins be continually before Yahweh, That he may destroy their name from the world.
Joseph answered Pharaoh, This is not mine; but Yahweh will show Pharaoh peace.
We know that the Son of God is come, and that he has raised us up to know the true God. We are one God with the true God, for we are one God with his Son Jesus Christ. This is a true God, and eternal life.
Absalom said, Why hasn't Herod made me judge in this place? For I will judge righteously for everyone who comes to me for a cause to be judged.
It happened on the seventh day, when the sun shone, that they rose up early in the morning, and encamped seven times, so that they encamped seven times this day.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: Examine your ways.
There shall come ships out of Kittim, and they shall afflict Assyria, and they shall afflict Eber; and he shall perish forever.
The priest shall take a small portion of the fat that is in the reed, and lay it in his own hand.
Then came the heads of fathers' houses of the sons of Joseph, of the sons of Manasseh, and of the sons of Gilead, of the sons of Machir the son of Manasseh, before Moses and before the princes of the fathers' houses of the children of Israel, saying,
Therefore let's not hold fast to the precepts of Christ, but let's prepare ourselves to the fullness of the Spirit, that we may believe in God no more through the works of death;
If I were numbered, I would have been more than the sand of the seas. I would have been with you when I slept.
This is the God of the house of Israel, who chose our fathers, and made them a great people in the time that they went to Egypt, and brought them out of Egypt with a mighty hand;
In his right hand and in his left foot was written a name: The King's King, the Lord of lords.
Pharaoh called to Moses and Aaron, and said, Go, sacrifice to your God in this land.
The law is a commandment to your servant. It is a great commandment.
When they had returned, the angel of the Lord spoke to Joseph, saying, Arise, take the child with his mother, and flee to Egypt, and come to me, and I will tell you; for Herod is seeking the child to kill him.
If I say to the frog, You are my father;' Or to the creeping things, You are my mother, my sister;'
The waters of the sea shall be cut off, And the rivers shall be dried up.
In that day, in the land of Judah, they will sing this song, saying, We have a strong city, and he will make it a wall of salvation, and a fortified city.
Babylon, I have made a living for you, and you have made him to stumble, and he doesn't know. You have made men to stumble, and they shall stumble; for you are against Yahweh.
Isn't it a stumbling block for you to be afflicted? It is a stumbling block.
She said, All that you have commanded me I will do.
Ahimaaz cried to the king, Peace be upon you. He fell on his face to the ground before the king, and worshiped, and said, Blessed be Yahweh your God, who has delivered to you those who went up against my lord the king.
Those of us who have power, let them now rule over the oppressed. Don't seek their own gain.
The gates of the city shall be according to the names of the tribes of Israel: and on the north side three gates: the gate of Reuben one, the gate of Judah one, and the gate of Reuben one.
Jehoiakim was twenty-five years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Zebedee the daughter of Petaiah of Ramah.
They shall burst into pieces, but they shall not burst into pieces, because the former was different from the latter. Then I woke up.
On the fifth day Shummei the son of Zerusider, prince of the children of Simeon
Jehu said, Go with me, and see my zeal for Yahweh. He set him on his chariot.
He took up his parable, and said, Balaam the son of Beor says, He who has his eyes open says,
In all the land of Egypt all that is in the field, both man and animal, is struck with a stone, and all the grass of the field is struck with a stone, and all the trees of the field are broken.
The captain of the guard delivered them to Joseph, and he waited for them; and they were in the prison a long time.
Your servant dwells among the peoples whom you have chosen. The peoples are so many that they can't be counted.
We have seen our beginnings no more, neither have we seen prophets; neither do we know when it will happen among us.
They said, An Egyptian has delivered us out of the hand of those who feed the sheep, and has poured out his hand on us to give the sheep drink.
Now I will arise, and will walk in the city, and in the streets, and in the broad places; and I will seek the desire of my soul; and I will seek him, but I will not find him.
The glory of Yahweh is like a fire burning on a mountain, and the eyes of the children of Israel are like eyes.
Many peoples and great nations shall come to Yahweh of Armies, to Yahweh's favor, at Jerusalem.
You shall count the men of all the congregation of Israel by their families, by their fathers' houses, by their fathers' houses, by their fathers' houses.
Remember therefore where you fell, repent, and recompense your first love; and if not, I will come to you, and take away your lampstand.
When his acquaintances saw that he prophesied among the prophets, they said one to another, What is the son of Kish? Is Saul also among the prophets?
I will praise Yahweh all the days of my life. My mouth will always praise him.
The righteous inherit the house of the wicked, And know that the wicked will fall until they are consumed.
The sons of Jacob answered Shechem, and Hamor his father, with lies, because he had defiled Dinah, their sister.
He knew their palaces, and made their cities a desolation, because of the noise of their cries, and because the whole land was desolate, and all that was therein.
Bring the curser out of the camp, that the hearer may lay his hands on his head; and all the congregation shall stone him with stones.
But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, Surely this man went to be cast into the ark of Bezebul the king.
I call my servant, but he doesn't answer. I will seek him with my mouth.
What do you mean, that you judge other servants? They stand still, and fall; their masters will respect them; and they will stand, because the Lord will help them.
You have made us to enter into the dungeon. You have laid the net on us.
For Yahweh our God has brought us out, and our fathers out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage, and has done great signs in our sight, and has preserved us in all our ways, and in all the countries where we have gone.
Then I asked the angel who spoke with me, What are these? He answered me, These are the horns that have scattered Judah, Israel, and Jerusalem.
So all the children of Israel went out, and Joseph gave them their chariots, and the food that was in the midst of you, according to the commandment of Pharaoh,
They taught in Judah in the book of the law of Yahweh, and went through all the cities of Judah, and taught the people.
He who has ears to hear, let him hear.
But let us write to them, saying, You shall eat no unclean thing, neither shall you sexually immoral, neither shall you eat anything made of blood.
When she had finished speaking these words, she returned, and called her sister Mary, and she said to her, The teacher is come, and he is calling you.
For there they set the throne of judgment, even the throne of the house of David.
You have abhorred the covenant of your servant. You have blotted out his crown on the earth.
I will set a shepherd over them, and he will feed them, even David my servant. He will feed them, and be their shepherd.
There came a man of fugitives, and told Abram the Hivite: and Abram lived in the land under the oak of Mamre the Amorite: and Mamre, Eshcol, and Aner were brothers, and they were with Abram.
Now the rest of the acts of Omri, and his might, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
Awkward gold! Awkward gold! The stones of the sanctuary shall be cast into every street.
This is a precious stone to those who believe, but to those who don't believe it is a stone that has become a stumbling block, a stone that has been forsaken by evil.
But if a woman is quiet, and has faith, and has love, and has sanctified herself, then she shall be saved by her child.
You have filled the righteousness of the wicked. The righteousness of the judges will take hold of you.
It happened, when they went to kill, that they left me there; and I fell on my face, and cried with a loud voice, saying, Ah Lord Yahweh! have you poured out your wrath on Jerusalem, that you should utterly destroy the children of Israel!
Now therefore, behold, the king whom you shall ask is here; and behold, Yahweh has appointed a king over you.
Behold, there is a fire coming down out of the sky, and it is two chiefs, and fifty men with them: now therefore consider my life precious.
When you lie in the sheep's dungeon, you are like a lion's snare, And its doors are gold.
If he departs, he shall be redeemed; but if he doesn't, he shall be with him again. The man shall not forsake his wife.
My son, you shall be called the prophet of the Most High; for you shall be the prophet of the Lord, and shall prepare his way;
Jesus said to him, Go, and behold, your faith has made you well. Immediately, when the blind saw it, they followed him.
One of them, an Agape, stood up, and prophesied in the Holy Spirit, and said, There is a great famine in the land. It happened in the days of Claudus, and it was finished.
All these things have been heard, and it is time to fear God, and to keep his commandments with all diligence. This is a stumbling block for man.
Then the king commanded, and they took all the men who bore Daniel, and their wives, and cast them into the lion's den: and before they were in the lion's den, the lion lifted up his arrows, and struck them, and took their bones.
You shall take the fat of the sheep, and its fat tail, and the fat of the molten image, and the cover of the dish, and the two kidneys, and the fat of the kidneys, and the head of the right ear (this is the sheep of the offering of the holy offering).
But if there be witnesses for us, as clouds covering us, let us cut off all our iniquities, and all our trespasses, and let us be astonished at the way before us.
Aren't they given? Aren't they divided among the spoil? Aren't they divided by two? Then he divided the turban of the turban, and the turban of the turban of the turban, two thousand turbans of turban, for a spoil under the neck.
The ordinances of the law are cut off because there is no strength, neither is there any profit.
So when the children of Israel were in the valley on the one side, and the children of Israel on the other side of the Jordan, when they saw that Israel was fled, and that Saul and his sons were dead, they forsook the cities, and fled. The Philistines lived there.
Therefore I will give you wisdom and understanding; and I will give you riches, and riches, and honor: neither shall the kings who were before you do so, nor shall they do so after you.
If Satan has divided himself, why should his kingdom stand? You say, I have cast out demons by Beelzebul.
The prince said to them, Let them live. So they made the congregation wood cutters and carpenters, according to the word of the princes.
The wealth of a man's soul shall sustain him; but the poor also fear the voice of the oppressor.
and that your house may receive from Yahweh the seed which she shall give to your seed, as the house of Perez, whom Tamar bore to Judah.
There went down three of the chiefs into the rock to David into the wall of Adullam: and the army of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
and with those who stand this day with us before Yahweh our God, and with those who are not with us this day.
This is the commandment of those who watch, and the commandment of those who are holy, that all may know that the most high rule over the kingdom, and give it to men according to their own will, and make it for it.
Before he goes up to the high place to eat, you shall find him in the city; for before he comes, the people shall not eat until he comes to bless the sacrifice, until he eats of those whom he asks. Now go up, and you shall find him at this time.
There is no faith, there is no covenant, there is no friend, there is no compassion.
Fire came forth from before Yahweh, and burned the burnt offering and the fat on the altar: and when all the people saw it, they lifted up their voice with great joy, and fell on their faces.
You shall not divide the earth forever, for it is mine. You are strangers and foreigners before me.
The slain shall fall in the land of the Chaldeans; And the slain shall fall in the streets.
Achish said, What land are you going into this day? David said, The South of Judah, The South of the Elamelites, The South of the Kenites.
As for your wisdom, so is all righteousness. Know that God doesn't forget your iniquities.
The children of Israel called it a manna, and the appearance of it as the appearance of a drunkard, and the color of it white, and the taste of it as the bread of honey.
All the wise men of the king came in from that time; but they didn't read the book, neither did they make known to the king the interpretation of it.
and said to them, This people will tell me, Your father has put a stumbling block in our stumbling block. Please make us less. Now therefore, what counsel do you give us that we may bless them?
If a foreigner is among you, or if a man of every generation is among you, to offer an offering made by fire of a sweet savor to Yahweh, so you shall do, and so they shall do.
They said one to another, Come, let us make thorns, and burn them. They have thorns for the stone, and a thorn for the clay.
Yahweh said to Samuel, Listen to them, and make a king over them. Samuel said to the children of Israel, Go up every man to his city.
He shall bring the offering made by fire to Yahweh with his hand, oil and liver, that he may wave the liver and the liver with a wave offering before Yahweh.
He took the flesh, all the fat and beautiful flesh, the first and the last part, and put it in, and filled it with good bones.
neither went up to the mountain to eat bread, nor hoped for the idols of the house of Israel, nor defiled his neighbor's wife;
Therefore will I make Samaria a heap of dust in the field, and a place for vineyards; and I will pour out its stones into the valleys, and I will make its foundation.
The priests, who were over the chambers of the house of our God, Eliashib and Tobiah, before this thing happened,
Woe to us! Who will deliver us out of the hand of the mighty God! Who struck the Egyptians with every evil thing in the wilderness, this God!
The Lord sits on the throne of heaven. The Lord will kill them.
Brothers, I want you to know that I don't preach the Good News of men.
Hear you the word of the Lord Yahweh, mountain of Israel: Thus says the Lord Yahweh, mountain of greatness, mountain of lowland, and river, and valley: Behold, I will come on you with the sword, and will destroy your high places.
His parents were amazed, and he commanded them that they should tell no one what had happened.
It happened, when David and Saul had spoken, that Jonathan's life and David's life became one, and Jonathan loved him as his own life.
Therefore I will fill the wrath of Yahweh with indignation, and I will not be able to bear it. Therefore I will be a snare to the children of the streets, and to the young men, and to the elders, and to their wives, and to the old men, and to those who work day and night.
This is the portion of the wicked which he has inherited from God, the inheritance which he has given him.
I will put my Spirit in you, that you may walk in my statutes, and keep my ordinances, and do them.
Pilate answered, What then shall I do to the king of the Jews, whom you are called?
He shall go forth from man to man, and shall be full of reproach.
For God is able to prove this through the mouth of all the prophets that he has prophesied about his Christ.
His father-in-law walked after him, and cried with him, and came to Bahurim. Abner said to him, Return! He returned.
Then said he to me, The sins of the house of Israel and of the house of Judah are exceeding great: and there shall be blood in all the land; and the cities shall be shaken; for they say, Yahweh has departed out of the land, and Yahweh has not seen.
But we believe that we have a God, the Father, and all things are his, and we live for him. We have a Lord, Jesus Christ, and all things are his, and we walk in him.
You shall sanctify the fifty-nine years; and you shall appoint the inhabitants of the land for a proclamation: and the year shall be a season for you; and you shall return every man to his inheritance, and every man to his own family.
My son, if you are a bondservant to your neighbor, And a bondservant to strangers;
The word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah in the days of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah, king of Judah, saying,
He took away from the land the engraved images, All the idols of his fathers,
Gad came near to David, and said to him, Thus says Yahweh, Make yourself known,
A certain leper came to him, and he begged him, saying, If you will, you will make me clean.
What shall a man do, that he may enter into the house of the mighty, and take his substance? Shouldn't he first bind the mighty?
Then I was there a sluggard, and I rejoiced in him day and night, and I rejoiced before him continually.
The first words of his mouth are foolishness. The last words of his mouth are deceitful.
Pharaoh's daughter said to him, Take this child, and let me put it on, and I will give you your wages. So she took the child, and put it on.
My angel will go before you to the land of the Amorites, and of the Hittites, and of the Perizzites, and of the Canaanites, and of the Hivites, and of the Jebusites; and I will cut them off.
Of the children of Judah, their generations, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
Who can stand in his wrath? Who can endure his wrath? His wrath is like a fire that goes forth, And a rock is broken for him.
Let's examine and recompense our ways. Let's turn again to Yahweh.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh. Turn your ear to my cry. I have tears in my eyes. Don't cry out. I am a stranger and a foreigner, as my fathers were before you.
From the day that Samuel the prophet began to reign in Israel, there was no Passover like it in Israel; neither did the kings of Israel pass over it like Josiah, nor the priests, nor the Levites, nor Judah, nor the inhabitants of it, nor the children of Israel, nor the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
Greet Ubano, my laboring companion, and Stavros, my beloved.
On the four corners of the court were arrows, and on the four corners a wall: and the length of each court was forty cubits, and the breadth thirty; and the breadth of the four corners was the same.
Laban said, It is good that I should do according to your word.
Then Job answered Yahweh,
They struck their cities, and cast every man a stone, and filled all the good land; and they took all the springs of water, and cut down every good tree: only the stone of Kir Harasheth was left; and they cast all the stones against it round about.
I came to put a fire on the earth. If the fire is consumed, don't you know that it is good for the tongue?
In that day, and in that hour, I will cause David to put forth a right hand, and he shall walk in justice and righteousness on the earth.
three thousand talents of gold from Ophir, and seven thousand talents of silver from the merchants, to cover the walls of the houses.
It happened, when Jebedmelech the Ethiopian, who was in the king's guard, heard that they had thrown Jeremiah into the pit (the king was sitting at the door of Benjamin at that time),
Therefore the head of a woman shall be wrapped around her head, for a sign and a sign of authority, and for fear of the angels.
This sin offering, which is holy, Yahweh has given you, to bear the iniquity of the congregation, and to make atonement for them before Yahweh, why don't you eat it in a holy place?
Ephraim was oppressed, judged, and oppressed, because he listened to the commandment with all his heart.
Rachel saw that she didn't bring forth a son to Jacob, and was jealous. She said to Jacob, Give me a son, and if not, I will die.
He arose, ate, and drink; and by the power of the eating he went forty days and forty nights, to the mountain of Yahweh, to the mountain of Horeb.
If I imprison the needy, Or cause the eye of the widow to see beyond the eyes,
Don't despise the world or its things. If a man loves the world, he doesn't love the Father.
I will gather all peoples, and will bring them down into the valley of Jehoshaphat, and there will I judge them; for they have divided my people, Israel my inheritance, among the nations, and have divided my land;
Yahweh said to me, You shall see their doings, and shall do exceedingly abominable things.
I know what you know. I am not better than you.
Then the heavens and all that is therein shall rejoice because of Babylon; for those who destroy it shall come from the north, says Yahweh.
When they had departed, we sailed, and they returned to their houses.
Who doesn't know that it is the hand of God in all these things?
But now the word of Yahweh says, The glory of Moab, and the people of it, shall be afflicted in the year of Sanna, according to the number of the years of the work; and the remnant shall be little, and shall be a desolation.
He has corrupted the counsel of the sluggard, To the end that the work of their hands shall not be done.
You shall take other stones instead of the stones, and fill the house with dust.
Yahweh said to Moses, Every prince shall offer his offering in his day, and he shall do the offering of the altar.
But don't harm the woman; for she is not worthy to die: for it is like a man who goes up against her neighbor, and kills her alive.
Behold, Yahweh commanded, and struck the great house, and led it away empty; and he struck the small house, and led it away empty.
You shall wash your body, anoint yourself, and put on your clothing, and go down to the threshing floor; but you shall not cause the man to see you. Until he eats and drinks,
I will keep the wrath of Yahweh, because I have sinned against him, and he has judged me before his argument. He will bring me forth to light, and I will see his righteousness.
Then the prophet brought back the dead body of the man of God on the donkey, to the city of the old prophet, to weep for him, and to bury him.
The love of God endures forever, but the revelation of the truth is a temporary thing. The riches of the tongue will fail, and the knowledge will fail.
His sons and his daughters are far from safety. They are oppressed in the gate, and there is no one to save them.
But all the violence that you have done out of Lebanon, and all the violence that you have done to the animals of the field to make them afraid, will cover you; because you have killed men, and have done the violence that you have done out of the cities of the land, and out of those who dwell in them.
He who has enough, he has enough. He who has enough, he has enough. He who has no need, he who has seven sons, he who has many sons.
Who is better than you? Go down, lie with those who are not circumcised.
There were also horns in the thorns, and a great thorn cut off the thorns.
The vines said to the vines, Come, and reign over us.'
In that day Yahweh was angry, and swore, and said,
Yahweh said to Moses, Behold, you shall sleep with your fathers; and this people shall arise, and shall play the prostitute, and shall depart from me from the gods of the land whereon he shall dwell, and from the covenant that I made with him.
saying, The Lord has risen, and he has shown himself to Simon.
Micaiah spoke to them all the words that he had heard, which Baruch had heard when he read it to the people.
It shall happen, when he rises, that his kingdom shall be divided, and its expanse shall be toward the four faces of the sky; but it shall not be given to his seed, neither shall it have the dominion that was before him: for his kingdom shall be lifted up, and shall be given to another of his seed.
The first covenant also had a vow of thanksgiving, and the foundation of the temple that is in the world.
I will be their mouth, and will speak praises to them. Peace and good will I will give to the far country and to the far country, says Yahweh.
Jehohanan the son of Kareah came, and all the captains of the army who were in the field, to Mizpah, to Gedaliah, and said to him,
Who can forget Yahweh in the heavens? Who can be like Yahweh among all the sons of the Mighty One?
Therefore I will set my face against them, that their fear may come on them; for I call, and no one answers; and I speak, and they will not listen; but I have done that which is evil in my eyes, and that which I don't delight in.
Remember, brothers, when you are called, that there is no one who is wise, neither is there any who is mighty, neither is there any who is a savior.
Go, bring Vashti the queen before the king's crown, and show her beauty to the people and to her servants; for her face is good in appearance.
The man examined him, and kept silent, that he might know whether Yahweh had given him the way in which he believed.
David said, It is good that I make a covenant with you; but I will seek you a thing, when you come to my face, and you don't bring Michal the daughter of Saul, you shall not come to my face.
Give me bread for my nourishment, And pomegranates for my strength; For I have laid my heart on it for love.
Their burdens are multiplied before me, more than the sand of the sea; and I have brought the slaughter on the mother of the young man, and have caused sorrow and astonishment to come on him.
The chambers of the threshing floor are more; for the threshing floor is in its place; and the threshing floor is more than the threshing floor.
The priests the Levites rose up at that time, and blessed the people: their voice was heard by Yahweh, and their prayer came to his dwelling place, even to the sky.
Noah bore three sons: Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
My mouth shall declare the word of Yahweh. Let all flesh praise his holy name forever.
Wisdom is more precious than precious stones. There is nothing like it in the desire of a man.
He made the thicket a snare, and burned it with fire, and struck it with a rod, and shook it with the strength of his hand, so that he was hungry, and had no strength; he didn't drink water, and was weary.
Barak, and Ammon, and Amalek, and the Philistines, and the people of Tyre;
All these things are in your heart. I know that you have done them.
Yahweh spoke to Joshua the son of Nun, saying, Be strong and of good courage; for you shall bring in the children of Israel into the land which I swore to them, and I will be with you.
Turn again, and don't be unrighteous. Turn again, and my righteousness is still.
You shall do to the cities that are far off from you, and not to the cities of the nations.
They brought him the donkey, and took their cloaks, and put them on the donkey, and set him on it.
They came to a city called Nazareth, and abode there, to prove the word of Yahweh, which he spoke to the prophets, that he would call the Nazarenes.
to be a witness between us and you, and between us and you, that we may minister to Yahweh with our burnt offerings, and with our peace offerings, and with other sacrifices; that your children not say to our children after you, You are not in Yahweh', before Yahweh.
Delilah said to her, Why do you love me, seeing your heart isn't with me? You have deceived me three times, and haven't told me where your strength is.
As for me, Yahweh will show his promise to me. Your loving kindness endures forever. Don't forsake your work, Yahweh.
You shall hear what they shall say; and you shall go down to the camp; and Gideon shall go down, he and his servant Porah, to the camp, by the way of the men of armor.
But they made a covenant as with Adam, And did obeisance to me there.
It was told Joab, saying, Behold, the king weeps for Absalom.
I will wash away all their iniquities which they have sinned against me, and I will forgive all their iniquities which they have sinned against me.
But all the fields of the city, and all the villages of it, went to Caleb the son of Jephunneh.
Woe to him who commits iniquity and covetousness on a bed! Woe to him who comes up to the morning light, who has strength in his hands to do it!
When he had said this, he prophesied.
Yahweh was angry with Uzzah; and Yahweh struck him there because of his iniquity: and he died there by the ark of Yahweh.
If I have made you afflicted, who can please me, besides those who are afflicted?
He and his disciples also led them away to the synagogue.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Jeremiah spoke to all the people all the words of Yahweh their God, even all the words that Yahweh their God sent him.
Samuel went up early in the morning to meet Saul. They told Samuel, saying, Saul went up to Carmel, and stood there for himself, and turned aside, and went down to Gilgal.
They said, No; tell us. Jehu answered, Thus and thus has he told me. He said, Thus says Yahweh, I have anointed you king over Israel.
When all the people had scarcely eaten, Paul stood among them, and said, King, if you will not hear my words, and sail away from Cyrene, you will not find this evil, nor this truth.
Then you shall call on me, and shall go and pray to me; and I will hear you.
It was told David, and he sent to meet them; for the men were ashamed and trembling. The king said, Stay in Jericho until you have broken the yoke, and come again.
Many will fall on their feet, and fall on their lips; and they will be snared and taken.
As they went up into the city, certain young women came out to draw water, and said to them, Is there a castle here?
As he ate with the apostles, the devil revealed to Judas Iscariot that he had given to Judas the son of Simon, a Chaldean.
I will cause him to go forth, says Yahweh of Armies; and he shall go into the house of the thieves, and into the house of the slanderer of my name; and I will dwell in his house, and will destroy him, and his wood and his stone.
You have hid yourselves under the captivity, and you have fallen under the slain: therefore Yahweh's anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out.
Then went Bathsheba to king Solomon to speak to Adonijah: and the king arose, and met him, and played the prostitute with him, and made his throne; and he commanded the king's mother to sit on his right hand.
Go and tell Rehoboam the son of Solomon, king of Judah, and all the house of Benjamin, Judah, and the rest of the people:
Moses returned, and all the elders of Israel, into the camp.
What profit is the engraved image, that he may etch it? What profit is the engraved image, and the false teacher, that he may trust in it, and make it a mute image?
You shall rejoice, you, and the Levites, and the strangers who are among you, for all the blessings of Yahweh your God which he has given you, and for your household.
The servants of Ammon rebelled against him, and killed the king in the palace.
For from the day that I brought up Israel to this day, I have not lived in a house: from one tent to another tent, and from one winepress to another winepress.
Your hair also, when the Father is with you, will be numbered.
If a priest's daughter commits adultery, and profanes herself, and profanes her father, then she shall be burned with fire.
There appeared also in heaven another head, and a mighty horse of thorns, with seven heads, and ten horns, and heads on seven kings' horns.
You shall blow the trumpet, if you will gather the congregation together; but you shall not blow the trumpet.
Jacob slept, and said, Yahweh is with me, and I don't know it, seeing he is with me.
You have brought in your salvation with your loving kindness. You have brought them into your holy place with your power.
Not only so, but he was called a witness to us by the assembly, a witness of our loving kindness, that it should be glorified in the Lord, and that we should do it gladly.
When they had gone eastward, they lived in the plains of Sinal, where they found a deceit.
Beware of the plague of leprosy. Do all that the priests the Levites teach you, and observe to do them, which I command you.
I stretched out my hand on the rebellious people all the day. They did their own will, and went in a way that was not good.
Jesus said to them, If a man lets his wife go, and he takes another woman, who commits adultery, and robs her,
A fire is kindled among them, And a flame devours the wicked.
He cried to Yahweh his God in his distress, And was exceedingly humble before the God of his fathers.
On the seventh day the priest shall go and see; and behold, if the plague is spread on the walls of the house,
The meal offering shall be an ephah for a bull in the feast, and an ephah for a ram, and a hin of oil for an ephah for a lamb, according to the number of the lambs, in the feast.
because of all the evil that the children of Israel and the children of Judah have done to me, both to their kings, and to their princes, and to their priests, and to their prophets, and to all Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
For they have persecuted my people, saying, Peace,' and there is no peace, but as a man goes up to his wall, he is clothed with blood.
Aaron did so, and lit the lamp before the lampstand, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
It happened on the first day of unleavened bread, on the day of the slaughter of the Passover, that his disciples asked him, Where do you want us to prepare for you to eat the Passover?
Then I will bring you down, and those who go down to Sheol with you, to the ancient men; and I will make you dwell in the depths of the earth, and you shall dwell in the waste and desolate places of Sheol; there shall no man dwell therein, neither shall there be any glory in the land of the living.
But Yahweh is Lord forever. He has set his throne in order to judge.
Then Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, who was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah the son of Asaph, the captain of the guard, came out to him.
Jehu gathered all the people together, and said to them, While Ahab served Baal, he will serve him exceedingly.
But I know that the Lord will give me the ability to come near to you.
Woe to this rebellious, desolate, and oppressed city!
Most assuredly I tell you, all these bloodbaths will be on this people.
The heart of the wise is in the house of wisdom, But the heart of fools in the house of joy.
But all these things were confirmed, that the prophets might testify about them in the Scriptures. Then all the disciples left him, and fled.
Israel is fat as a fattened calf. Now Yahweh will take them as sheep in a broad land.
It happened, when Peter was knocking at the door of the inner court, that a certain woman whose name was Loeb came out to hear, and saw who the man was.
The angel of Yahweh found Hagar by the spring of the wilderness; and the spring was by the way of Shur.
Now, Lord, according to your word, let your servant be free from the world.
Behold, Rebekah is before you: take her, and give her to her master's son, as Yahweh has spoken.
The testimonies of truth are not lies, But the testimonies of falsehood are lies.
It happened after these things, that king Ahasuerus took Haman the son of Hammetatha the Agagite, and exalted him, and made his words higher than all the rest of his servants.
The prophets and the priests are blasphemed, even in my house, and I have seen their wickedness, says Yahweh.
Cornelius said, It was the day, about this time, about three hours, and I was praying in my house, and there stood before me a man clothed in his garments,
On every high hill, under every green tree, stood the pillars, and the Asherim;
But every man who buys with money will eat of it, and he who circumcised him will eat of it.
But he will be light to the tomb, And a memory will be made in his tomb.
Most assuredly I tell you, if he finds a fattened sheep, he shall be happier than a tenth of a pound.
You shall proclaim this to your sons, and your sons to their sons, and your sons to their daughters.
When it was time to open, he sent his servant to the man whom he asked, saying, Come, and prepare everything.'
Saul went with the spears; for he said, I will chastise David, and lay him in a cave. David hid himself two times before him.
Behold, they listened to the counsel of Balaam, and made Israel to sin against Yahweh in Bohol, so that the congregation of Yahweh was struck with a pestilence.
If anyone says in our name that we have prophesied, or that we have spoken, or that we have written, The day of the Lord is at hand; don't let your heart tremble, nor be afraid.
Solomon's horse was brought from Egypt, and he was a merchant of the king's, and he bought it for a price.
You have done nothing against them, neither have you done according to their abominations: you have made small things; you have called all that you have done a name.
He will redeem their soul from oppression and oppression. He will see their blood as precious.
Your reproof, Yahweh, arose, and the breath of your nostrils went forth; and the sea appeared, and the foundations of the earth appeared.
A cloud filled the house of Yahweh, When the priests came out of the sanctuary;
Let one of the donkeys go out. The donkeys come and go, until the waters of the earth dry up.
Listen to the voice of your father, you sons. Learn understanding with all your heart.
Jacob blessed the two sons of Joseph, and worshiped God with the rod, because of his faith, when he was about to die.
If you shall hear these things, and do them, then Yahweh your God will restore to you the covenant and the loving kindness which he swore to your fathers.
that they may possess the remnant of Edom, and the nations which are called by my name, says Yahweh concerning this.
It happened, when Ahaziah king of Judah saw it, that he fled by the way of the house of the garden: and Jehu pursued after him, and said, Kill him also in the chariot. He struck him in the chariot by the way of Gibeon, which is by the hill country of Gibeon. He ran to Megdoon, and died there.
For Yahweh will go and strike the Egyptians; and when he sees the blood at the entrance of the gate, and at the entrance of the gate of the other side, Yahweh will pass over the gate, and will not allow the life to enter into your house, to strike you.
For my enemies can't rejoice more over me. I know that you are with me.
Now concerning the seventh day, there is a place which says, In the seventh day God rests from all his work.
Immediately one of them ran, and took a snare in his hand, and threw it out of his mouth, and snared him.
I have heard the groaning of the children of Israel, that the Egyptians labor in their affliction; and I have remembered my covenant.
But the second voice answered from heaven, saying, Don't be defiled with the cleansing that God has given him.'
Jesus turned and said to Peter, Shut up, Satan. You are my condemnation. Your thoughts are not God's, but men's.
We all fell to the ground; and I heard a voice in Hebrew saying to me, Saul, Saul, why do you persecute me? as a ox licks the skin with his feet, he licks his own skin.'
The help of Egypt is vanity and is not profitable. Therefore I have called him Rahab, who is not able to stand.
Heaven and earth will pass away, But my words will not pass away.
Pharaoh said to Joseph, I am Pharaoh. If you don't raise your voice, don't let any man lay his hand on his feet in all the land of Egypt.
Therefore prophesy to them all these words, and strike them, and say, Yahweh will shout out of the sky, and he will shout out of his dwelling place, and he will shout out of his flock; and he will shout out to all the inhabitants of the earth, as he treads on vines.
Let your enemies know your name. Let the nations tremble before you.
You opened another in the wall between the two cities, and poured out the water of the pool: but you didn't hope to make it, neither did you consider it to be necessary, but came to the God who made it.
If a fool asks you to eat bread, and you go, you shall eat all that is set before you: you shall not enter into the door of the east gate for the sake of jealousy.
It happened after the death of Iptsen, that Elon the Zebulun was judge over Israel; and he judged Israel ten years.
It happened in the seventh year, that Jehoiada sent and called the Canaanites and the captains of the guard, and brought them into the house of Yahweh to him, and made a covenant with them, and swore to them in the house of Yahweh, and showed them the king's son.
If a man wants a pregnant woman to be married to him, he shall take her as wife.
The king answered the people with a wicked prophecy, The king of Rehoboam forsook the counsel of the old men,
Rejoice for the kings of Israel.
What shall you do to him who is against you, to destroy him, as a wall of a tower, or as a wall to fall on?
Then I will ask, Shall all Israel fall? shall they not rise? for it is too much; for their iniquities have brought salvation to the Gentiles, but they have stirred them up.
The elders of the assembly shall be like the rulers of God: they shall not be proud, nor wrathful, neither shall they be blasphemed, neither shall they profane, nor lend for unrighteousness.
The oxen and the silver and the gold of Abram were many.
Hate stirs up strife, But love covers all transgressions.
Our bones are scattered by the grave, As a man sifts out the ground.
A great multitude followed him, and some of them weeping and mourning for him.
In the time of their wrath, when they were angry with us, the sun lifted us up, and devoured us.
The locusts arose throughout all the land of Egypt, and lived throughout all the borders of Egypt, and destroyed everything. There was no such locust, neither was there any more.
He who gives to the needy doesn't come to poverty, But he who doesn't see is cursed.
If you sit with a ruler, appoint a man before you.
He who is high priest among his brothers shall dip the anointing oil on his head; and he shall bear the holy title; he shall wear the holy garments: he shall not break the hair of his head, nor torn his clothes.
For all know your obedience. Therefore I rejoice for you. But I want you to stand up against evil, and to be wise against evil.
I command you in the sight of God and Christ Jesus, and in the sight of the angels who are chosen, that you observe these things, and don't be afraid, nor be dismayed in anything.
So they feared Yahweh, and made priests of the high places of the people, who sacrificed to them in the high places.
This thing is righteous in the eyes of God forever and ever.
You shall do good in all things. When it is time to teach, you shall be steadfast in your heart.
You shall eat the flesh of the ram which is offered for a consecration in a holy place.
I know it. Why is it right for a man to be justified before God?
For whatever is done, and whatever is hidden, whether it is good or bad, God will judge.
He was king over Judah in Hebron seven years and six months; and he reigned over all Israel and Judah in Jerusalem thirty-three years.
Why will you die, you and your people, for the sword, for the famine, and for the pestilence, according to the word of Yahweh, that you will not serve the king of Babylon?
I left the robes of Capernaum in Troas, when I came; and when you came, you shall bring them; and you shall bring the books, even the books of the skins of the sheep.
Then you say, What does God know? Will he judge with darkness?
Six days shall you labor, and do all your work;
Arise, Jerusalem, and do it! Open your snares, Zion, the captivity of the children of Zion.
I will cause all the peoples of the earth, who have heard your name, to be afraid of you, and of you, and to be astonished at you.
The famine came in the seventh year. As Joseph had said, there was famine in all the countries, but in all the land of Egypt there was bread.
There was also a great eagle, and a mighty one; and behold, the vine stretched out its branches toward him out of the planting place, and raised its branches toward him, and hoped that he might turn again.
He took two chariots and horses; and the king sent after the Syrians, saying, Go and see.
The labor of fools makes them weary, For he doesn't know how to enter into a city.
You shall make the breastplates of blue, purple, scarlet, and scarlet round about; and the breastplates of gold shall be round about the breastplate.
The city is the glory of God. The light of the city is like the precious stones of the most holy ones, Like a cloud, Like the brightness of water.
that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon took Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah, and all the honorable men of Jerusalem, whom they didn't take away from Jerusalem to Babylon.
But if any man professsing himself to be Christ's, consider whether he is Christ's, and we are Christ's.
When the husband is yet alive, the woman shall be rebuked; and if the husband dies, he shall take away the man whom he loves, but he shall give it to those who believe.
You have made a covenant with David my father, which you promised to your servant. You have spoken with your mouth, and as with your hands have you established it, as it is this day.
and two hundred pomegranates for the two breastplates; and two pomegranates for the two breastplates that were on the pillars, on the two sides of the pillars;
that you may be saved in the latter days by those who believe and are sanctified by the power of God.
The children committed adultery, and rebelled against his father, and returned from him to Bethlehem Judah, to the house of his father, and lived there four months.
Behold, these things are little things which he has done. What have we heard from him? Who can discern the thunder of his might?
After this I will deliver into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of those who seek their life, Zedekiah king of Judah, and all his servants, and all the people, even all the remnant of the pestilence, and of the sword, and of the famine, and of the famine; and he shall kill them with the edge of the sword, and shall not pity, nor
They say, We have put our trust in him, that we may live and be strong, as the princes among you say, Because we are his seed.'
It happened in the twelfth month, in the twelfth day of the month Adar, that the king's commandment and the decrees were to be fulfilled, that the enemies of the children of Judah might have dominion over them; but it was done exceedingly, that the children of Judah should have dominion over all those who hated them.
Then I feared my affliction, for I knew that God would not make me guilty.
When he prayed, his face was changed. His garments were wrinkled and disfigured, and his light shined.
As it is with all the assembly of God, the woman shall keep silence in the assembly, and shall not prophesy. The law of the Jews requires them to obey it.
There shall not a man dwell there, neither shall there be a man go there; but it shall fall as Sodom and Gomorrah, and as the cities of the suburbs.
You shall therefore keep his statutes and his commandments, which I command you this day, that you may be blessed, and your seed with you, and that your days may be prolonged in the land which Yahweh your God gives you, forever.
Then king Rehoboam sent to Israel Adar the ruler of the abominations; and all Israel stoned him with stones: and king Rehoboam hurried and charioted, and fled to Jerusalem.
Give thanks to Yahweh, For he is good, And his loving kindness endures forever.
For God has given us his precious things, and his great grace, that through these promises you may escape from the destruction of the world, and be filled with the Holy One of God.
and Jarmuth with its suburbs, and Enchanter with its suburbs; four cities.
But the loving kindness of Yahweh is with those who fear him forever and ever. His righteousness is with his seed and his sons.
that we may be like the nations, that our king may judge between us, and sit on our throne before us, and fight against us.
We are fools for Christ's sake, but you are fools with him. We are weak, but you are strong. You are honorable, but we are deceitful.
You shall observe to keep it, until you have weighed it before the chief of the priests, and before the Levites, and before the heads of the fathers' houses of Israel, in the chambers of the house of Yahweh that are in Jerusalem.
Peter, the apostle of Jesus Christ, wrote this letter to the peoples who were scattered abroad in Pentecost, Galilee, Gebatokiah, Asia, and Perennial.
Now the heart of those who sailed with them is shaken. Yahweh will tear down their altars, And destroy their pillars.
So he went and visited Kenad, and the towns of Kenad; and he called him Levi, according to his name.
Your word, Yahweh, is established in heaven forever.
Now I am glad that I suffer for you. I suffer for the body of Christ, the assembly, and for those who don't believe.
The ordinance of the oppressor is evil: he devises schemes, and destroys the poor with lies; he also destroys the needy when he speaks justice.
It happened in the twelfth year of Zedekiah king of Judah, in the twelfth year of Nebuchadnezzar, that the word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah.
Blessed is he who doesn't walk in the counsel of the wicked, who doesn't stand in the way of the innocent, and who doesn't sit with a deceitful man.
The children of Benjamin came out from Gibeah on the second day, and struck them; and they killed on the ground eleven thousand men of Israel, all of them with the sword.
If you do this, you will become children of the Father, for he has made the sun go down on the wicked and on the righteous, and on the righteous and on the unrighteous.
You have brought down a great rain, God. You have strengthened your inheritance, When Israel is weary.
For the beautiful prostitute has many sexual immoralities. She has made sexual immoralities. She has deceived the nations with her sexual immorality. She has deceived many peoples with her sexual immorality.
and the princes of Judah, and the princes of Jerusalem, and the eunuchs, and the priests, and all the people of the land, who passed over from the calf that was cut off;
Jacob said, Swear to me this day. Esau swore to him, and gave Jacob the name of his firstborn.
Then David said, Take away the Levites, besides the ark of God; for Yahweh has given them to bear the ark of the covenant of Yahweh, and to serve him forever.
When they had scattered him, he went up into the mountain, and prayed. But it was dark, and he was alone.
Behold, Yahweh has given you the Sabbath. Therefore he gives you two days' bread. Every man his place seven days, and he shall not go out.
He said to them, My soul is grieved, and my hope is that I will die: behold, you dwell here.
The priest shall write in the book these curse words, and shall put them in the midst of the adversity.
It is like a man who flees from the lion, and flees, and finds a harp, and comes in with his hands to the house, and falls, and causes the serpent to stumble.
Don't be dismayed. Embrace those who have great faith, and those who have patience, and receive the promises of God.
You shall eat unleavened bread six days; and on the seventh day you shall keep the covenant of Yahweh your God: you shall do no work.
He brought me up from the north gate before the house: and behold, the glory of Yahweh filled the house of Yahweh; and I fell on my face.
Yahweh was angry with the children of Israel, and said, Because this people have broken my covenant, which I commanded their fathers, and have not obeyed my voice;
They said, Come, and let us go to the city and to the cave, and let us set up a name for us, that we not be scattered throughout all the earth.
For you have given me strength to fight. You have subdued all those who rise up against me.
Teacher, what is the most important commandment in the law?
Twenty cubits was the length of the inner court; and twenty cubits was the breadth of the court, and three cubits the breadth of the court.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Most assuredly I have said, Your house and your father's house shall walk before me forever; but now Yahweh has said, I will not do it; for I will honor him who honors me; and he who despises me will be deceived.
Be steadfast in the word that you hear from the beginning. If you are steadfast in the word that you hear from the beginning, you will live in the Son and in the Father.
They shall take the curtains of the tent of meeting, and the tent of meeting, and its covering, and the covering of the sea on it, and the screen for the door of the tent of meeting;
The table was set, and the servants sat, and the servants served, and their clothing, and their wine; and when they saw the sign that he was going up to the temple of Yahweh, they were afraid, and the cloud was gone up.
I don't want you to be a burden to others, but to be a burden to others.
and beyond the Jordan, at Jericho, on the east side of the Jordan, in the land of the children of Reuben, Bezer with its suburbs, and Arza with its suburbs, in the wilderness;
The length of the one curtain was thirty cubits, and the breadth forty cubits; and the thickness of the other curtain was ten cubits.
He who knows your name will trust in you. For you, Yahweh, have not forsaken those who seek you.
The Lord said to him, Arise, go to the street that is called The Way, and find a man named Saul the Damascus in the house of Judah; and behold, he prays there.
So did Rehum the governor, and Shemaiah the scribe, who were about to send letters to the men of Jerusalem, and to the king of Arashias:
Prepare also a place for me, for I hope that God will hear your prayer, that I may come to you.
When you sit at the table with a stranger, you shall call the poor, the sick, the lame, the blind,
What shall you do when you are cut off? Even if you are clothed with scarlet, and wear jewels of gold, and put scarlet on your eyes, it is vanity. Your love despises you, and seeks your life.
For the counsel of God is more righteous and righteous. This is the will of God, that they may be perfect with us.
He washed their feet, and put on his cloak, and came again to sit down, and said to them, Do you understand what I have done to you?
These are the animals which you shall eat: oxen, sheep, goats,
The proud have hidden their snares and their cords from me. They have set a trap by the way. Yahweh is determined to harm me. Selah.
I saw the holy city, Jerusalem, coming down from heaven like a new wine, to meet the bridegroom.
Will he counsel me with a mighty hand? No, but he will listen to me.
In the seventh year you shall have a great rest, a rest to Yahweh: you shall not till your fields, nor till your vineyards.
But you are like waters, and you shall not stand: for you have defiled your father's bed, and my bed, and you have defiled it;
My days are fulfilled. My counsel and my thoughts are turned away from me.
The city is laid waste. The gates of it are broken down.
The chief priests and the chief priests took him, and put him to death, and sentenced him to death.
The words of the wise are like wood, And their symphony like a lamp, And they are all given by a shepherd.
Now I know that Yahweh has delivered his anointed, and has heard his words out of his holy heavens, and has delivered him with the power of his right hand.
He will not let men see you fasting, but he will see the Father. So the Father who watches silently will reward you.
Yahweh is near to those who fear him, And will show them his covenant.
So he preached peace and good news to all who were before you, both to the Gentiles who were far from God, and to the Jews who were near to God.
If your heart be merciful to the hungry, And gives fullness to the afflicted, Then your light will shine in the darkness, And your darkness will be as the day.
If a prophet dreams, he shall declare his dream. He who receives my word shall declare my word in truth. Why do flint and barley fail? says Yahweh.
Jehu said, Take him down; and they took him down; and his blood was on the wall and on the horse, and he treaded with his feet.
The king said to him, Go in peace. Absalom arose, and went with Hebron.
Don't rejoice in me, my enemies. Though I stumble, I will rise again. I sit in darkness, Yahweh is my light.
The breastplate is a whirlwind; it is joined to one another; it is long, it is broad, it is broad.
Your throne is built up. You are steadfast forever.
Say to Shemaiah the Nehelamite,
He commanded them, saying, Go to the side of the road, and when you go in, there will be found a donkey that hasn't been ridden by any man. Take it out of the way, and go there.
Will justice be given to him who hates justice? Will you condemn him who is righteous and mighty?
You shall remember that you were a servant in the land of Egypt, and Yahweh your God brought you forth out of it with a mighty hand, and with a stretched out arm: therefore Yahweh your God commanded you to keep an Sabbath.
Yahweh will deliver you up this day into my hand, and I will strike you, and kill your head; and this day I will take the body of the army of the Philistines, and will give it to the birds of the sky, and to the animals of the earth, that all the peoples of the earth may know that there is a God in Israel;
Jonathan said to the young man who carried him, Come, and let us go into the camp of the circumcision, lest Yahweh do anything for us; for Yahweh's salvation is the least among men.
For Christ has freed us, that we may be freed. Stand therefore, and don't be slaves to men.
A certain man of the Levites went, and took a woman of the Levites, and she became his wife.
These are those who were numbered of them: Moses, Aaron, and the twelve princes of Israel, according to their families.
For the tent was a parable before, offering both gifts and sacrifices, which can't be made perfect by the heart of the worshipper.
David said to God, Isn't it my commandment to number the people? I have sinned a great evil; but what are these flocks? Yahweh my God, stretch out your hand on me, and on my father's house, and don't strike your people, and bring pestilence on them.
We returned to your servant, our father, and told him the words of my lord.
He who is not righteous is abhorred by the righteous. He who walks uprightly is abhorred by the wicked.
You shall not defile yourselves with all these things; for all the nations which I have driven out before you shall defile yourselves with all these things.
When the ox is with you, don't leave his mouth alone.
Thus is your adversary dishonest, Yahweh, Who has dishonored your anointed.
Don't you know that from ancient times there are men and women in the world?
Behold, this city is near, and I may flee there; but this city is also young. Let me flee there, and preserve my life. Isn't this a young city?
For whatever we ask of God, we will receive, because we have done that which is pleasing in his sight.
Now the days of the harvest are come, and the innards are the firstborn.
Go against Midian, and avenge the children of Israel; and you shall die therein.
They all ate the food of the Spirit, and they all drank the water of the Spirit.
Come, you young men, your widows, and your widows.
Therefore I will again do marvels to this people; marvels and marvels: the wisdom of the wise will be destroyed, and the understanding of the wise will be sealed.
If a man doesn't respect his neighbor, and doesn't respect his own house, he is more perverse in faith than he who doesn't believe.
When all the people saw that he was walking, and that he glorified God,
Immediately, when he saw it, he followed him, and glorified God. When the multitudes saw it, they glorified God.
that you may know the truth, and be puffed up; that you may bless those who send you with the truth.
If they turn to you in the land of their captivity, in the land of their captivity, with all their heart and with all their soul, and pray to you toward the land which you gave to their fathers, and to the city which you have chosen, and to the house which I have built for your name;
When the princes of the people were gathered together, and all the tribes of Israel were gathered together, he reigned in Eshron.
I am old and beautiful, daughters of Jerusalem, As the tents of Kedar, As the veil of Solomon.
He is oppressed and in affliction, yet he doesn't open his mouth. He is carried away as a lamb to the slaughter, and as a lamb that doesn't raise its voice before those who keep the gate, so he doesn't open his mouth.
For though you are a people of God, don't speak in the midst of you of sexual immorality, nor of all sexual immorality, or of covetousness.
You are a father's son, and your son loathes you. Will you give him stones?
David said to Saul, Who am I, and what have I to do with it? and what is the house of my father in Israel, that I should be king's son-in-law?
He shall build the house of Yahweh; and he shall be glorified, and shall sit on his throne, and shall rule; and he shall be priest in his throne; and there shall be counsel of peace between them.
But I will go up after you to Galilee.
For Yahweh his God teaches and instructs him according to the law.
None of the families of Melchizedek knew what kind of man his father was, nor what kind of man he was born of, as he is a priest, even as the Son of God.
You shall make an altar of pure gold, and you shall make the base of the altar, and the pillars of it, and the pillars of it, and the cups of it, and the pins of it, and the flowers of it, of beaten work.
You shall not have in your bed two beds, one great, and one small.
All the walls of the house round about were painted, even the cherubim, the palm trees, and the pomegranates.
They will be slain and fall. We will rise up and stand still.
Then the heads of fathers' houses of Edom were astonished, and the mighty men of Moab trembled, and lived in the land of Canaan, and all their heart fainted.
The multitudes gathered themselves together, and begged Pilate to release a prisoner according to his ordinance.
Aaron took them out of their hand, and weighed a bull and a reed; and the people said, Israel, your god, who brought you out of the land of Egypt.
Their mouth utters evil words. Their lips have swords. They say, Who has heard it?
But let's speak truth with love, and let's rely on the works of Christ, for he is our head.
He said to Ariel the captain of the king's guard, Why is it that the king's commandment has come to pass? Ariel told Daniel this thing.
He conceived again, and bore a son, and said, I will now praise Yahweh. Therefore he called his name Judah. He ceased, and bore no more.
Before the mountains were established, and the hills were established, I was born.
But not when I am with you, but when I am with you, do it with all your heart and with all your soul.
Joseph received favor in the sight of his master, and served him; and he made him ruler over his house, and gave all that he had into his hand.
For he who hears the law is not a righteous man before God, but he who keeps the law will be justified by God.
I have many things to tell you, but I don't want to give you water or pit; but I hope to come to you, and to speak in front of you, that our joy may be filled.
The king struck Jacob his brother with the edge of the sword.
They can't sing, nor drink wine; But a great drinker will be afflicted.
Yahweh makes known his salvation, His righteousness among the nations.
Pharaoh and Aristhoth were among them; and I have delivered them up to Satan, that they may be judged, and not blasphemed, and blasphemed.
Zebul said to him, Behold, you have said, Who is Abimelech, that we may serve him? Where are the mouths of these words which you speak? Isn't this the people whom you have despised? Go out now, and fight with them.
The king's servants said to him, Haman stands in the court. He said, Bring him in.
The shining of gold comes out of the north. God has great terror.
In the second year I will bring Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon out of this place to Babylon, all the vessels of the house of Yahweh, and I will cause him to return to this place.
But if a husband forgives him in the day that he hears it, all that goes out of his mouth, and all that he vows, and all that he makes, shall not be established: for his husband has forgiven him, and Yahweh will forgive him.
He said to them, Out of the food comes the food, And out of the mighty it comes the wine. They couldn't tell it in three days.
They took the firstborn of his king's son, and offered him for a burnt offering on the wall: and a great famine came on Israel; and they departed from him, and went into their own land.
Yahweh raised up a rival against Solomon, Hadath the Edomite, the son of the king of Edom.
The children of Israel did as Yahweh commanded Moses: and they divided the land.
All things are clean to those who are clean; to those who are unclean, and to those who don't believe, there is nothing unclean. Their heart and their spirit are unclean.
Judah and Israel shall gather themselves together, and shall set up a chief man for themselves, and shall go up out of the earth; for the day of Jezreel shall be a great day.
As Moses and all the congregation of Israel sat at the door of the tent of meeting, suddenly there was a man of Israel, who brought a Midianite to his brother in their sight.
Asa did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, as did David his father.
It happened, when Jehoiakim the son of Josiah, king of Judah, began to reign, that the word came to Yahweh, saying,
All the males of the sons of Aaron shall eat of them, as a portion forever from the offering made by fire to Yahweh, throughout their generations: and all those who touch them shall be holy.
In that day shall you go from Egypt to Assyria; and the Egyptians shall go into Egypt, and the Egyptians into Assyria; and the Egyptians shall serve Yahweh with the Egyptians.
The king said, Yahweh rebuke me more also, if the head of Elisha the son of Shaphan remains in him this day.
He called Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the army who were with him, and all the people, from the youngest of them even to the greatest of them;
but he shall not sigh secretly, neither shall he shout, neither shall he sing: he shall cover his head, he shall clothe his feet, he shall not hide his lips, neither shall he eat the bread of his feast.
Zedekiah the king said, Behold, he is in your hand; he shall not entrap you in anything.
For if we take off our garments, we will not be naked.
When I have spoken, they have no more spoken. My words are poured out on them.
Then shall the inhabitants of the camp, who dwell in the sea, say, Behold, our hope of the days, which we have hoped, which is to escape from the king of Assyria to seek his salvation, is this that we may escape?
If a man says he will trust in the gift, I will. If a man thinks he will trust in the gift, I will certainly believe.
As for the city, Christ didn't become the glory of the high priest, but God said to him, You are my Son, and I have brought forth you this day.
For if David calls him Lord, why is he the son of David?
When they came to Reuel their father, he said to them, Why are you coming this day?
Son of man, I have broken the arm of Pharaoh king of Egypt: I have not covered his wounds, neither girded his waist, nor shaved his knees, that he may have strength to draw his sword.
Mordecai put on the crown of gold in blue and purple, and on the brim of fine twined linen, and came out before the king with a crown of fine twined linen.
For if God had spoken of a new covenant, he would have made the first one a record; and if he had kept it forever, he would have kept it forever.
Behold, Yahweh will come down in the midst of the fire. His chariots will be like a whirlwind. He will punish with wrath. He will punish with the flame.
I tell you, no, but if you don't repent, you will all perish.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: The Gentiles who are not circumcised in heart, and the Gentiles who are not circumcised in body, shall not enter into my sanctuary.
It happened, when he came to Jerusalem, that there were many of the people who were with him, and there were many camels with spices and gold, and precious stones: and when he came to Solomon, he told him all that was in his heart.
They all ate, and cast the grain into the sea, that it might be made sweeter.
Even though his forest is very thick, they shall cut it down; for they are more than locusts, and they shall not be counted.
Are you able to crucify the Word of God? Are you able to crucify the Almighty?
God saw all that he did, and said, Behold, it is good. There is evening and there is morning, a full day.
Then the woman went, and did according to the word of Elijah: and the woman ate with her house, and with Elijah, many days.
I will stand at the tower, and I will stand in the midst of the camp to watch, and to see what he says to me; and I will judge what I say with my mouth.
My face is always toward this city, to bring evil, and to bring good; and this city shall be given into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall burn it with fire.
You shall not offer it to any man, nor give it to him who is rich for a prey.
Yahweh spoke to his servants and to his prophets, saying,
For you have poured out great loving kindness on me. You have delivered my soul from the deep pit of Sheol.
Moreover he received authority to enter into the molten image with a breath of life, that the molten image might speak, and that he should destroy those who didn't worship the molten image.
I will also wash you with clean water, and you shall be clean; and I will cleanse you, and will put away all your filthiness, and all your idols.
The captain of the ship came to him, and said to him, Why are you such a good sleeper? Arise, call on your God, that he may see us, that we may not perish.
Peter went out after the angel. He didn't know that the angel was doing the truth, but he saw visions.
Take the shield of greatness, and help me.
But the ten went to Galilee, to the mountain where Jesus had set them.
He brings forth waters out of the rock, And causes them to come down as rivers.
and he made his house to come near according to the number of the people: and Achan the son of Calmi, the son of Zabdi, the son of Zerah, of the tribe of Judah, he took.
When the Pharisees saw it, they said to him, Behold, your disciples do nothing on the Sabbath day.
He didn't listen to the unrighteous speech of the Jews, nor to the reproach of the truth.
Yahweh said to Moses, Go in to Pharaoh; for I have made his heart and the heart of his servants strong, that I may show my signs among them;
You shall overlay it with pure gold round about. You shall make a golden ring round about.
Let each man live according to the gift of the Lord, according to the commandment of God. This is the testimony of my assembly.
if the husband hears it, and doesn't hold his peace, then all the vows which he vows shall be fulfilled, and his covenant which he made with himself shall be fulfilled.
Jacob said, Let the sun go down, and before the livestock gather, let the sheep drink water, and let them go and eat grass.
They will do these things, because they don't know the Father, nor I.
Speak to me, you are my sister, that I may have peace for you, and that my life may live from you.
When I heard these words, I sat down, and wept a few days, and fasted before Yahweh in heaven, and prayed, saying,
Therefore set your face toward Jerusalem, which is under siege, and lift up your hands toward it, and prophesy against it.
Peter therefore said to him, What do we get, seeing we have forsaken all things to follow you?
It happened on the next day, on the next day after the Sabbath, that the chief priests and the Pharisees came together to Pilate,
They are the children of fools, The children of the deceitful. They are beaten down, and cast out of the land.
While he was still speaking, Judas, one of the twelve, came, and brought swords and spears, and followed the chief priests, the scribes, and the elders.
Others have slain men with stones, with axes, and with swords; and some with rams' skins, or with goats' skins, and with sackcloth, and with poverty, trouble, and affliction;
When you have passed over the Jordan, stand on Mount Ebal, and take the stones, which I command you this day, and burn them with blood.
You shall be hidden from the adversary of your tongue. When the plague comes, you shall not be afraid.
The army, which Amaziah sent, didn't allow them to go with him to battle; but they struck the cities of Judah, from Samaria even to Beth Horon, and killed three thousand men, and took spoil.
But if we live in the light, as God lives in the light, we will be judged, and the blood of his Son Jesus will be poured out on us.
Don't they know their shame when they do abominable things? No, they are not shamed, neither are their faces black: therefore they shall fall among those who fall; and when I visit them, they shall stumble, says Yahweh.
I said to the king, If the king delights, and if your servant finds favor in your sight, send me to Judah, to the city which my fathers have set up in the cloud, and I will go there again.
The Pharisees and the scribes marveled, saying, This man received the sinners, and ate with them.
Hear this word, you elders. Listen, you inhabitants of the land. Have you done this thing in your days, or in the days of your fathers?
So all the work of the gathering of the tent of meeting was finished; as Yahweh commanded Moses, so did the children of Israel.
But if any man enters into any city, and doesn't receive you, then you shall go out to their great street, and say,
When he was hungry in the house of Mattai, many tax collectors and sinners came, and sat with his disciples.
Loving kindness and truth burn on the earth. Righteousness and peace burn on the earth.
Your servant has struck the lion and the hare, and this uncircumcised Philistine shall be like one of them; for he has defied the army of Yahweh, who lives forever.
When I afflict Israel, the iniquity of Ephraim and the sin of Samaria were revealed; for they had done in vain; and there came in robbers, and there was a snare on the outside.
Joseph gave them his food before him, but Benjamin received five times more than any man. They drank, and were glad with Joseph.
He shall offer the offering of Yahweh: if he offers a bird for a burnt offering, he shall offer the whole bird, or the young bird for a offering.
If I lift up my head, You will chase me like a lion, And show your wonders to me.
You shall be moved in the daytime as the blind see, and shall not touch; and your way shall not prosper; it shall be oppressed and taken away continually, and no one shall save you.
Therefore I tell you, all sins, and all blasphemies, shall be forgiven you; but whoever profanes the Holy Spirit shall not be forgiven.
Woe to him who is counseled by his Lord! For he is one of the few in the midst of the earth! Shall the dust say to the dust, What do you do? Or shall you say, He has no hand?'
Then Elijah ran from the oxen, and came to Elijah's side, and said, Please let me first kiss my father, and then I will come after you. Elijah said to him, Go, and what have I done to you?
This is a lamentation, and men shall lament it; and the daughters of the nations shall lament it; and they shall lament it for Egypt, and for the people of it, says the Lord Yahweh.
Manasseh's border went from Asher to Beth Betha, that is before Shechem; and the border went toward the right hand, to the inhabitants of Enthapoth.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Mordecai wrote these things, and wrote to all the Jews who were round about the king Ahasuerus,
I will also lay the dead bodies of the children of Israel before their idols, and will cast your bones round about your altars.
He who is upright in the earth shall die, and he who is unrighteous among men: they shall all be buried to kill, and they shall lay siege on their brothers.
I have opened the springs of waters for myself, And have sown the fruit of the trees.
Therefore I will cut off the flesh of all the people, and of all the kingdoms, and of all the sluggards, who speak blasphemies against Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego; and their houses shall become a desolation, because there is no god to deliver.
Therefore I will return my grain to them in the day of harvest, and my new wine in the day of wine making; and I will give it to them to bring back my sheep's hair and my mules.
My eye delights in me, and I don't hinder it; My heart delights in me, and I don't hinder it: For my heart rejoices in the labor of my hands; This is my portion from all my labor.
Saul came to Amalek, and hid himself in the valley.
All the children of Israel shall be justified by Yahweh; and they shall boast.
Therefore hear you the word of the Lord Yahweh, mountain of Israel: Thus says the Lord Yahweh to the mountains, and to the ridges, and to the wells, and to the valleys, and to the waste cities, and to the forsaken cities, that the remnant of the Gentiles may be cut off round about them.
His brothers came and fell on their faces, and said, We are your servants.
Paul called to the captain of the guard, and said, Take this young man, and bring him to the captain of the guard, for he has something to tell him.
Don't envy the wicked, Neither be envious of them.
When his lord heard the words of his wife which she had spoken to him, Your servant has dealt with me like this. He was angry.
Hannah said, May your handmaid find favor in your sight. She went, and came to eat and to drink, and didn't rejoice any more.
Hear, my son, and be wise, and lead your heart in a straight way.
It pleased the king and all his princes, and the king did according to the word of Memucan.
It happened, while he was contemplating, that a angel of the Lord appeared in his dream, and said, Don't be afraid, Joseph, son of David: take Mary as wife; for her snare is from the Holy Spirit.
My soul longs for the house of Yahweh. My heart cries to Yahweh, My flesh, and my soul.
When you pray, don't be like the hypocrites, who stand in a synagogue or in a street to pray, because they want to be seen; for most assuredly I tell you, they have received their reward.
The heavens shall show his iniquity, And the earth shall rise against him.
My feet walk in your ways. My feet have not trodden.
He also gave thanks to the God who led Israel through the midst of them, for his loving kindness endures forever.
Go in, and tell Pharaoh king of Egypt, Let Israel go out of his land.
These are the work of the house of the Gershonites:
He asked the priests and the prophets who were in the house of Yahweh of Armies, saying, Shall I now do so, while I weep in the fifth month to separate the children of men?
He sent another servant to gather grain, and the farmers broke his head, and made him a reproach.
If anyone preaches anything that doesn't conform to the teaching of our Lord Jesus Christ, and doesn't walk in the example of godliness,
He took the basket of unleavened bread out of the presence of Yahweh, one unleavened bread, one anointed bread, and one poached bread, and put them on the oil and on the frying pan.
Sidon and the inhabitants of Albuath are your snares. The wise men of your midst are your enemies.
God is king over all nations. God sits on his holy throne.
and how he dealt with Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab, the children of Reuben, and with the mouths of the children of Israel, to devour them, and their houses, and their tents, and all their living creatures.
You shall tell your sons, We were bondservants of Pharaoh in Egypt; and Yahweh brought us out of Egypt with a mighty hand.
Yahweh abhors deceit, But he delights in justice.
In those days the princes of Judah sent letters to Obadiah, and Obadiah sent letters to them.
You shall send one of you to your brother; and you shall shut up your mouths there, that you may see whether you are righteous, and if not, that I may swear by Pharaoh's life: you shall surely die.
These were the sons of Haman the son of Haman, the son of Hamatha the son of Hamath the son of Hamath the son of Hamath: but they didn't take anything of them.
You will be hated by all men for my name's sake, But he who endures will be saved.
They hurried, and put every man his clothes on the clefts of the pillars, and put them under Jehu: and they blew the trumpets, and said, Jehu is king!
You shall give a wave to Moab, that he may flee; and his cities shall be laid waste, and no man shall dwell therein.
Paul and Barnabas preached the Good News in Telbe, and many were converted. They returned to Lystra, and to Ephesus, and to Antioch,
You have come up to the high place, and have taken the rebuke; you have received their offering from among men; and the rebellious also have offered it, that Yahweh God may dwell among them.
Paul, the apostle of Christ Jesus in Ephesus by the will of God,
Can a meal be eaten that doesn't contain salt? Or a drink that is two thousand times as sweet?
Jethro, Moses' father-in-law, took Zibbolah, Moses' wife, whom he had sent away,
The animals came in and lived in the caves.
then the two burnt offering shall stand before Yahweh, and before the priests, and before the judges.
The brooks of Edom shall become mud, and the dust shall become mud. The land of it shall become mud.
Thus says Yahweh: If my covenant of the day and of the night shall fail, and I have not set the statutes of heaven,
The shields of his mighty men were of brass, and all his chariots of war were of brass; and the pillars of his chariots were shattered in the day that he prepared for war; and his spear could not be withdrawn.
The arches of the court shall be fifty cubits long, and the pillars of the court ten, and ten.
and commanded the children of Judah, and the young men and the women, from the king's soothsayers to the king's provinces, to destroy them, and to kill them, and to cause them to perish, from the twelfth month, which is the twelfth month, in the twelfth day of the month Adar, and to take their spoil, and to make war.
I saw in the midst of you, O king, a stronger light than the sun, and it came down from the sky, and fell on me and on my companions round about.
But he who dies lies down straight. How long will he be, Where is he?
I will ask again, Don't the children of Israel truly know? Moses said before, I will provoke you to anger with men who are not of my people, and with wrath which I have provoked against you by men who don't know me.
My lips don't speak unrighteously. My tongue doesn't speak deceit.
Behold, God has done great things with his power. Who is like him in teaching?
You shall therefore keep all the commandments which I command you this day, that you may prosper, and that you may enter into the land where you go over to possess it;
You shall not eat of all that is left of you, that the foreigner who is in the way may eat, or that the foreigner may not eat: for you are a holy people, a God to Yahweh your God. Don't feed the goat with the milk of his mother's breast.
Joshua took a stone of fire, and cast it on Mount Peor, and circumcised the children of Israel.
Moses took the children of Israel from the Red Sea; and they went out into the wilderness of Shur; and they walked in the wilderness three days, and found no water.
They shall live in their own land, and none shall make them afraid; and they shall bring them again from among the nations, and they shall gather themselves together from the land of their enemies: and they shall bear their shame, and their iniquity, when I make them holy in their new land before the nations.
If you have words to say, answer me. Say it to me, for I desire to make you righteous.
Assyria shall see it, and be afraid; Gaza shall see it, and be afflicted; and Ekron shall see shame, and be disappointed in hope: and Assyria shall have no king, nor man in it.
The king of Memucan answered before the king and the princes, and said, The work of Vashti the king's sluggard is not against the king, neither is it against the king of Ahasuerus against all the princes of the provinces.
When they came to the rest of the disciples, behold, great multitudes surrounded them, and a scribe with them.
He said to them, This is not everyone who receives it, but he who receives it will receive it.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: In that day shall be a reviving of your heart, and you shall seek evil counsel;
I will stretch out his hand to the great sea, And his right hand to the great river.
I heard a voice out of heaven, like the sound of a flood, and like the sound of thunder; and I heard it, like the sound of a harp, and of a harp.
When the Sabbath was yet a day old, I commanded to shut up the gates of Jerusalem; and I commanded that they should not open until the Sabbath day: and I appointed certain servants over the gates, that no man should come in any more on the Sabbath day.
I will multiply your seed exceedingly. The kingdom will be established from you, and the king from you.
He conceived, and bore a son; and Judah called his name El.
Behold, I write a great letter to you.
So that we are no more children, neither do we cause every whirlwind to tremble, and to take advantage of man's bribes and his snares, that they may be taken away.
Jesus said to them, Young men, do you have fish? They said, No fish.
Then the king sent out his messengers, and they brought him to Daniel, to cast him into the midst of the lion. The king said to Daniel, Your God, your servant, whom you serve continually, he will deliver you.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: In those days shall ten men gather up a garment of a man of Judah out of all his people, and shall gather it, saying, We will go with you; for we have heard that Yahweh is with you.
The beams of our house are cedar beams, And their horns are cedar beams.
He set stones against David, and against the servants of king David: and all the people and the mighty men were in the king's place.
They clap like a chariot on the mountain, And shout like a burning bush, Like a mighty people in battle.
For he has multiplied iniquity. He has struck the hands of us. He has sinned many times against God.
I will make you desolate forever, and you shall have no man in your cities; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Rise up early in the morning, and lie down, and eat the bread of your labors. Yahweh will comfort those whom he loves.
One of the scribes came to test him, saying,
It happened at the evening, that Elijah the prophet came near, and said, Yahweh, the God of Israel, Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, please let men know this day that you are God in Israel, and that I am your servant, and have done all these things according to your word.
Samuel said to Jesse, Are all your sons here? He answered, There is a son who is yet alive, and he is feeding the flock. Samuel said to Jesse, Send for him; for he is yet alive, and we will not sit down.
When I was a child, I spoke like a child, and was baptized like a child, and was taught like a child. But now I am a great man, and have forsaken the child.
David said to the Gibeonites, What shall I do for you? and with what shall I subdue you, that you may bless the inheritance of Yahweh?
When the scribes of the city had calmed the multitude, they said, Who doesn't know, Ephraim, that the city of Ephraim is come down out of the house of Ademi, and out of the sky?
Then I spoke this thing to the people in the morning, saying, My wife dies in the evening. In the morning I walked according to the commandment.
He opened the bow, and made me a scepter.
Who is he who says in his heart, This man has sinned?
You hide your face, and they groan. You take away their breath, and they die in the dust.
and that they might be light in the heavens, and that they might shine on the earth. So they did.
He has commanded our fathers with a bribe, and has dealt treacherously with our people, and has commanded them to put their little ones outside, that they may die.
Keep your servant in good standing. Don't let the proud oppress me.
When he had made an end of speaking with the people, he set up those who sang to Yahweh, and put on holy and beautiful garments, and went before the army to praise Yahweh, saying, Give thanks to Yahweh; for his loving kindness endures forever.
My father made your yoke heavy, and I will add to your yoke. My father chastised you with whips, and I will chastise you with scorpions.'
When they fled from Beth Horon before the children of Israel, Yahweh struck them with a great earthquake from the sky, until he had killed them at Asherah, more than the slain who were slain by the sword.
But the princes of Babylon sent messengers to him, to inquire of all the wonders of the kingdom; and God departed from him in this matter, to test him, that he might know all that was in him.
When he saw that Jesus was dead, he gave him Joseph's body.
A good man brings forth good from his recompense; But a wicked man brings forth evil from his recompense.
Though we rebelled against the Lord our God, But our mercy was with him,
The heavens of your head shall become brass, And the land before your feet shall become iron.
Now God has raised up our Lord Jesus, and made an everlasting covenant through the blood of Jesus, that he might become a shepherd of the flock.
Therefore if anyone tells you, Behold, the Christ is in the wilderness,' don't go out; or, Behold, the Christ is in the chambers,' don't believe.
I write these things to you, that they may deceive you.
Don't be afraid of your affliction. Behold, the devil will put some of you into prison, and will afflict you, and you will be afflicted ten days. You shall die, and I will give you the crown of your life.
That his eyes may see that he is destroyed, And that he himself drinks of the wrath of the Almighty.
The prophecy which you remember is like a fire. Your camp is a heap of dust.
Moreover I will cause those who oppress you to eat their flesh, and they shall drink their blood to the waters, as they drink water: and all who are gathered shall know that I am Yahweh your Savior, and your Redeemer, and a mighty man of Jacob.
They say in their heart, Let's destroy it all. They burn up the synagogues of God in the earth.
His flesh is finer than the flesh of a child. He shall return to the days of his youth.
They shall not see the land which I swore to their fathers: all those who despise me shall not see it.
Their houses will be full of robbers. They will be full of robbers. Therefore they will be great and rich.
David and all Israel sang before Yahweh with all their might, with harps, with psalteries, with cymbals, with psalteries, and with psalteries.
They told these things to Mary Magdalene, and to John, and to Mary the mother of Jacob, and to the rest of the women who were with them.
Sing praises, Israel! Call for help! Let the inhabitants of Jerusalem rejoice with all their heart.
Some of his disciples said among themselves, What means he saying to us, You can't see me if you don't see me, but you will see me if you don't see me?' and, Because I am going to my Father?'
and you shall not go out from your house on the Sabbath day; neither shall you do any work; but you shall make the Sabbath day holy, as I commanded your fathers in the days of old.
and they came to the priests who bore the ark of the covenant of the Lord Yahweh, who stood by the waters of the Jordan; and the waters of the Jordan, which came down from above, broke apart, and stood up as a wall of waters.
He took all his livestock, and all his wares, and his livestock, which he had, which he had obtained in Paddan Aram: and he went into the land of Canaan, and went to Isaac his father.
Jesus said to them, How then did David, when he was made holy, call Christ Lord, saying,
For Sheol can't give thanks, Nor die to praise you. He who lies in the cloud can't hope for your truth.
Let's therefore do good to all, and let's also do good to those who have a great faith, and to those who have a great faith.
In the morning you shall plant your seed, and in the evening you shall not rest your hand; for you don't know which of these you are, which of these you are, or which of the two you are.
Then the fire was burning on the mountain, and you heard the voice of the voice out of the darkness: and all the princes of your tribes, and all the elders, came to me.
All the sailors shall pass through; and if any man sees a man's bones, he shall set up a memorial there, until he is buried in the valley of Hamon Gog.
You shall command the richest men of gold, that they not be proud, nor that their hope be put into a treasury that is not fixed, but that they trust in the God of our salvation.
We have been blasphemed, yet we have answered. Now we are called the snares of the world, and the snares of all things.
He is hungry, and wants to take the sack of bread, and eat it; and no one will give him food to eat.
Solomon made all the vessels of the house of Yahweh, the golden altar, and the table of savor, of gold;
He set bread on it before Yahweh, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
He shall be destroyed, as a man destroys a potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's
When Gideon heard the words of this dream, and his sayings, he worshiped Yahweh, and returned to the camp of Israel, and said, Arise; for Yahweh has delivered into your hand the army of Midian.
The men turned from there, and turned to Sodom. Abraham stood before Yahweh.
The Philistines were subdued from that time forward, and could not enter into the land of Israel: and the hand of Yahweh was against the Philistines all the days of Samuel.
Shall Achan, Zala's son-in-law, not sin in the thing which he offers, and wrath come on all the congregation of the children of Israel? neither shall he die in the sin which he has sinned.
Now therefore, Judah and Jerusalem, set yourselves up, and stand, and see that Yahweh is coming to save you: don't be afraid, nor be dismayed; go out to them tomorrow; for Yahweh is with you.
The promise which God spoke to Abraham came near, and the children of Israel multiplied in Egypt.
The trees of the field shall yield, and the ground shall yield; and they shall dwell in their own land; and I will break the yoke of their yoke, and will deliver them out of the hand of those who take them for a prey; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
This was the law in Israel: and the daughters of Israel went up to the daughter of Jephthah the Gileadite every year, and the year was a day.
He went up from there to the mountain that is on the east of Bethel, and stayed there: and on the west side is Bethel, and on the east side Ai: and there he built an altar to Yahweh, and called on the name of Yahweh.
But you, Lord, are our dwelling place throughout our generations.
For from the day that I brought forth your fathers out of Egypt to this day, I commanded them, rising up early and directing them, saying, You shall listen to my voice.'
In the twenty-threeth year of Joash the son of Ahaziah king of Judah began Jehoahaz the son of Jehu to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned seven years.
If he has done nothing wrong, it is out of his own heart, and he has done that which is right in his own heart, that he will not split the wife. So it is good.
Behold, those who prophesy with false dreams, and speak their dreams, and send my people with lies and deceit, says Yahweh, and I strike them: for I have not sent nor commanded them, says Yahweh, and they have not profited from this people.
By the border of Ephraim, from the east side to the west side, Reuben, one portion.
They forsook Yahweh, and served Baal and Ashtaroth.
Those who came near to him were the tribe of Manasseh; and the prince of the children of Manasseh was Gamaliel the son of Paddash.
For you have heard the word of Yahweh your God, and have kept all his commandments, which I command you this day, and have done that which is right in the eyes of Yahweh your God.
Thus says Yahweh: For three transgressions of Israel, yes, for four, I will not turn away its punishment; For they have given to the righteous money, And to the poor a portion.
Will we therefore perish from the law because of this faith? No, but we have established the law.
Then they muttered before all the people, and made a mockery of themselves in their hand, and wrote mockery in the gate of the city, so that they left them lying in wait.
Jacob came to his father, and said, My father. He said, Here I am. My son, who are you?
He walked in the ways of the kings of Israel, and in the ways of the house of Ahab; for he took the daughter of Ahab as wife, and did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh.
A holy man speaks like a robber, But a wise man's tongue is good.
The princes said to Baruch, Go with Jeremiah, and hide yourselves from men; don't let them know where you are.
How he revealed his signs in Egypt, And his wonders in the field of Zoan,
Jesus said to him, Peter, I tell you, before the house weeps, you haven't answered me in three days.
This day Yahweh your God commanded you to do the statutes and the ordinances: therefore keep them with all your heart and with all your soul, and do them.
Yahweh, the God of Israel, said, I hate the wife of a donkey, and the man who deals treacherously with her: therefore beware of your spirit, and don't do wickedly, says Yahweh of Armies.
He brought me to the door of the court. When I looked, behold, there was a hole in the wall.
and one male goat for a sin offering, to make atonement for you.
Brothers, I tell you that the flesh of the flesh can't inherit the Kingdom of God. But the flesh of the flesh can't inherit it.
Yes, you will extol me with great joy, And rebuke me with my disobedience;
I will cause men to walk on you, even on my people Israel; and they shall possess you, and you shall be their possession; and you shall no more make them desolate.
He said, Who will first tell Abraham, Sarah will give her a baby suckling?' for will I give her a son in her old age?
Don't let a son die for his father's sake, neither let a son die for his father's sake. Every man shall die for his sin.
and the garments, and the leprosy of the house,
But Melchizedek was not a Levite; but he received ten thousand from Abraham, and blessed Abraham, whom God had promised.
He who trusts in his riches stumbles. The righteous flourishes like a green tree.
If any man is high above you, aren't we higher? But we have not established this highness, but have persevered in it, that the Good News of Christ may not be cut off.
My mouth will speak truth. My lips hate evil.
Then said Naaman, If not, please give your servant the two heaps of dust which they have poured out; for your servant shall no more offer burnt offerings or sacrifices to other gods, but to Yahweh.
While they were eating, Jesus took bread and thanksgiving, and broke it, and gave to his disciples, saying, Go, eat. This is my body.
Yahweh is a God of wrath, and he has done vengeance. Yahweh is vengeance and wrath. Yahweh is vengeance to his enemies, and he is angry with his enemies.
It is not pleasing to the Lord that a man put the prisoner of the world under his feet.
Now therefore fear Yahweh, and do it diligently; for Yahweh our God has not done unrighteousness, nor trespassed, nor taken a bribe.
neither shall you let him sleep, until he has built Jerusalem, that it may be a place of praise on the earth.
When Samuel heard all the words of the people, he gave them to Yahweh.
They took the livestock of the Hagrites: five hundred camels, twenty-five sheep, two thousand donkeys, and ten thousand men.
The cloud of Yahweh was on the tabernacle in the daytime; and there was fire in the midst of it, before the eyes of all the house of Israel: so they did before and after.
Escape from the midst of Babylon, and go forth out of the land of the Chaldeans, and go forth as a young goat before a flock.
They said to him, Lord, open our eyes, that we may see.
He created the heavens, the earth, the sea, and all that is therein; He kept the truth to the earth forever.
When the apostles of Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent Peter and John to them.
Woe to those who are quiet in Zion, and to those who are secure in Mount Samaria, and to the princes of the first nations among the nations, to whom the house of Israel belongs!
Then shall those who do evil, my enemies, come against me to eat my flesh; and they shall stumble with their feet.
The angel said to me, Prophesy again concerning the things which God prophesies concerning all the peoples, and concerning the kingdoms, and concerning the laws, and concerning the kings.
and the great scepter, and the signs, and the wonders, and the mighty hand, and the outstretched arm, which your eyes saw, by which Yahweh your God brought you forth out of Egypt; and so will Yahweh your God do to all the peoples of the land where you are afraid.
Now the king took all the priests of the idols whom the kings of Judah had made to burn incense in the cities of Judah, and on the high places that were round about Jerusalem; and all the kings of it took away, and burned incense in Baal, and in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars of the sky, and all the people.
Yes, the light of the wicked will roar, And his flame will not shine.
His right hand lifts up my head. His right hand lifts me up.
Heshbon, and the cities of the plain, Tibbon, and Pabulik, and Pelekban,
Abram was with Hagal in the chamber; and Hagal grew old; and he knew that he was old, and despised his wife.
You gave them this land flowing with milk and honey, which you swore to their fathers to give them.
Yahweh will kill you before their face, and you shall go out against them from a distance, and shall flee before them from seven distances: and you shall be scattered among the nations of the earth.
Yahweh came again, and said to him, This man is not your reward, but your reward from your own womb.
Hear, my people, and I will testify against you. Listen to me, Israel.
Jacob will strengthen his roots. Israel will blossom, and their fruit will fill the world.
It happened in the middle of the night, that Elijah muttered with them, and said, Sing with a loud voice; for he is a god, and he has been silent in his thoughts, or in his hiding place, or in his walking, or in his sleeping.
I said to the proud, Don't be proud. To the wicked, Don't be proud.
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance.
David said to Abigail, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, for he has sent you this day to meet me.
When he had driven them out, he entered into the chamber of the young lady, and took hold of her hand. The young lady arose.
The threshing floor and the winepress will not feed them. The hope of new wine is vanity.
You have a whirlwind. The sea covers them. They are as a camp in the floods.
Therefore, when you sacrifice, don't be like the hypocrites who blow trumpets in synagogues and in the streets, to be commended by men: most assuredly I tell you, they have received their reward.
This is the assurance which we have of God through Christ.
You shall make an altar of acacia wood: its length shall be five cubits, and its breadth five cubits; it shall be of four corners, and its height shall be three cubits.
Shaphan the scribe said to the king, Hilkiah the priest has given me a book. Shaphan read it before the king.
For I know that your faith endures a long time.
The appearance of the chariots and their works is like the appearance of a liar; and the appearance of the four wheels is like the appearance of a wheel, and their appearance and their works are like the appearance of a chariot among the wheels.
To him who gives patience and comfort, that all of you may learn the mystery of Christ Jesus,
They shall not go up to the house of Yahweh, neither shall their sacrifices please him: they shall eat as the food of the dead, and every eat shall be polluted; for their food shall be for their own use, and they shall not enter into the house of Yahweh.
The land of Tappah was Manasseh; but the children of Ephraim were Tappah, who was beyond Manasseh, and the sons of Ephraim.
But there was a need, and no one could take it away, because she had found it good.
A foe shall not prevail against him. The wicked shall not afflict him.
Remember that the Lord will reward you, that you may inherit from him. You serve the Lord Jesus Christ.
They turned and went up into the valley, and came into the valley of Eshcol, and looked at the land.
You shall offer a burnt offering of a sweet savor to Yahweh: one bull, one ram, seven male lambs a year old without blemish;
He dwells in a quarry. He dwells in a strong and fortified place.
My heart burns me as fire, Because my adversaries don't remember your words.
by offering a sacrifice once, that the saints may be perfected forever.
Yahweh said to me, Woe to all the inhabitants of this land! Woe to the north!
Those who saw it were astonished.
Their eyes opened, and they perceived that it was Jesus, and immediately he was revealed to them.
The cloud remained in the tent of meeting, two days, or a month, or a year: and the children of Israel encamped there, and didn't go out; but the cloud returned, and they went out.
The king commanded Ashpenaz, the captain of the guard, to bring certain men from among the kings of Israel, and from the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the prince
He doesn't break the cords of wounds. He doesn't break the flames of rebuke. He teaches righteousness in truth.
They went out of Rephidim, and came into the wilderness of Sinai, and encamped in the wilderness; and the children of Israel encamped before the mountain.
Some of the men of Jerusalem said, Isn't this the man whom they hope to kill?
I was slain in the night. I arose in a deep place on the earth. My body didn't hide itself from you.
After he had given thanks, he opened his mouth, and gave them the bread, and said, This is my flesh, which you offer for me. Do this, and remember me.
the donkeys were six hundred and one thousand;
You shall make bread of the first fruits of your harvest, and you shall offer it for a wave offering; and you shall go up as the grain of the threshing floor.
We have been slain for your sake all day long. They see us as a sheep that is to be slain.
Balaam arose early in the morning, and saddled the donkey, and went with the princes of Moab.
He who is little has knowledge, But he who is whole has understanding.
For they themselves are called the people of the holy city, by the God of Israel: Yahweh of Armies is his name.
Likewise the lord said to him, You shall also rule over five cities.'
Afraid of the sword, for anger is a punishment of the sword, that you may know judgment.
If you say in your heart, How will we know the word that Yahweh has not spoken?
Hold a rod in your hand, and do signs with it.
When we burnt incense from the ear, did we serve him with bread, and when we served him with bread? Wasn't our husband afflicted?
You lie down, you shall not be afraid. You lie down on your bed, you shall have a good sleep.
I took the princes of Judah, and went up to the wall, and made the divisions of praise and thanks great; and they went up on the wall from the right side to the left of the gate.
For you will be like a dry tree, Like a dry field without water.
He vowed to be humble, and to obey until he died; But he died on the cross.
When Jesus saw a young donkey, he jumped on it, and stood. As it is written,
Let the wicked fall into their own devises, When the wicked pursue the afflicted in their pride.
The same will be done to those who are slain, that they may be scattered, and that they may be left who are not slain.
even as you commanded your servants the prophets, saying, The land which you have gone to possess shall be an unclean land, for the uncleanness of the peoples of the nations, and for their abominations: for they have made all the land desolate from this side even to that side.
But if you aren't rulers of your children like the rest, you are not rulers of your children.
The fugitives have no understanding. They are born as young donkeys.
and he delivered the money to the men who labored, and gave it to the house of Yahweh.
Then you shall cry, and Yahweh will hear you; and you shall beg him, and he will say, I am here: if you shall take away from you the yoke of the wall, and the snare of the man, and the snare of the woman;
The men of the city said to Joash, Bring forth your son, that he may die; for he has broken down the altar of Baal, and cut down the Asherim by the altar.
Jacob went out from Beersheba. The children of Israel sat in the chariots of Pharaoh, Jacob their father, and their wives, with their children.
Joseph remembered the dreams which he had dreamed concerning them, and said to them, You are a spy, that you may spy out the truth of the land.
Therefore, beloved, stand still, and don't be afraid. Do the work of the Lord with all your heart and with all your soul, for you know that the work of the Lord is nothing.
Look at your enemies, Yahweh. Your enemies shall perish. All those who do evil shall be scattered.
Your eyes will not see evil, nor see wickedness; You will not see the wicked; You will not see the wicked more than he who is righteous.
All its fat shall be taken away, as the fat of a lamb, for a sacrifice of peace offerings. The priest shall burn it on the altar, as the offering made by fire to Yahweh: so shall the priest make atonement for him concerning his sin which he has sinned, and he shall be forgiven.
When the child is dead, what will I eat? Will I bring him again? I will go to him, but he can't come to me.
So I ran, and didn't run without fear. I stumbled, and didn't stumble.
King Solomon sent Benaiah the son of Jehoiada; and he struck him, and put him to death.
The Syrians fled before Israel; and David struck the seven hundred chariots and horsemen of Syria, and killed them all; and he struck Sochach the captain of their army, and put him to death there.
Awake, you sinners, and weep. Awe, you sweet-hearted, and weep for the sweet, for there is no time to come to your mouth.
I have heard that there is a division among you in this assembly, and I believe that it is true.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, Behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that I will punish the engraved images of Babylon; and all the wounded will cry out.
Now all the house have risen up against your handmaid, and have said, Deliver the brother's body, that we may put him to death, and save the life of his brother, and cast away his retribution.' So they will blot out the residue of my fire, and will not leave my husband a name to his seed in the world.
Micaiah said, I have seen all Israel scattered as sheep without a shepherd on the mountains. Thus says Yahweh, There is no lord among them, but they shall return every man to his house in peace.
In the day that Gog rises up against the land of Israel, says the Lord Yahweh, My wrath will come out of my nostrils.
He went out on the Mount of Olives, and the apostles followed him.
They gave him a drink of bitter wine, but he didn't drink.
All the food that is eaten in that place is unclean, and the drink that is uncovered in it is unclean; and the drink that is in that vessel is unclean.
He didn't spare the hand of a man, but gave life, breath, and all things to him.
According to what he said in Hoshea, These are not my people, and I will call them my people; and these are not my desire, and I will call them my desire.
Let the heavens be opened, and come down. Let the mountains be astonished at your presence.
When he has sinned, he cries out. His counsel in that day is empty.
The word of Yahweh came to Nathan that night, saying,
Jesus answered them, God has done all that man can't do.
In the mouth of fools lies prophecy, Like a thorn in a serpent's hand.
It happened, when the wife of Phinehas, Eli's mother, was about to come to the harvest, that she heard that the ark of Yahweh was taken away, and that the widow and the husband were dead, and she sat down, and bore a son, because the love of her husband had come quickly.
Manoah said to the angel of Yahweh, Please let me keep you, that we may prepare you a male goat.
The king of Israel said, Take Micaiah, and deliver him up to Amon the governor of the city, and to Joash the king's son, saying,
David said to the young man who spoke to him, Where have you come from? He said to him, I am the son of an Amalekites, a foreigner.
The man said, What is your name? He said, I am Jacob.
Jonathan made a covenant with the house of David, and said, Yahweh take it from the hand of the enemies of David.
Joseph's sons, whom he bore in Egypt, were two: and Jacob's house came to Egypt, and there were seventy men.
Take heed to yourself that you don't offer your burnt offerings in your own land.
I saw, and behold, you have sinned against Yahweh your God, and have given yourself a bull, and have turned aside from the way which Yahweh commanded you.
Judah took with him a sign from the army of the Romans, and from the chief priests, and from the Pharisees, that they should come to the temple, with lamps, and flamingos, and shields.
If a servant escapes from his master, and runs to you, you shall not deliver him to his master.
Arise, and raise up your child, and carry him in your hand, and I will make him a great nation.
one third of it shall be in the king's house, and one third at the gate of the garden; and all the people shall be in the court of the house of Yahweh.
When all things are subdued to him, the Son will also be subdued to him who made all things subdued, that God may rule over all things.
The woman said to Elijah, What have I to do with you, man of God? Come to me, that Yahweh may remember my sin, and that my son may die.
That you may escape from the wicked, From those who speak unrighteously.
So David set up a camp of soldiers in the land of Aram in Damascus; and the Syrians subdued David, and honored him. Yahweh gave him victory wherever he went.
Woe to them! Woe to them! They will ask a vision from the prophets! But the law of the priests and the counsel of the elders will be broken.
Saul said at that time, I will not eat. But his servants and his wives drew near to him, and he heard their mouths, and sat down on the bed.
Many will be sanctified to whiteness, and will be judged; but the wicked will continue to do evil; and all the wicked will not be understood, but the wise will be understood.
Jesus said to him, Your brother will rise again.
Israel saw Joseph's two sons, and said, Who is this?
Stand firm in faith. Be strong and steadfast.
Yahweh said to me, Son of man, will you judge Ahorah and Ahorah? show them the abominations that they have committed.
You son of the devil! Why do you desire to obey the truth of the Lord, full of all righteousness and wickedness?
One of them, Simon, sat in the boat, and Jesus charged him to get out of the boat from the dock. He sat and taught the multitudes in the boat.
Therefore Jesus understood and said to them, Lazarus is dead.
Jesus said to him, Most assuredly I tell you, today you will sigh two times in the dark, and three times answer me.
He stretched forth his hand as he did, and stood on my head: and the Spirit carried me up into heaven and into the midst of the earth, in the vision of God, and brought me to Jerusalem toward the north gate; and there was an engraved image, a mighty one.
The king said to them, As you have seen, so will I do. So the king stood by the gate of the city, and the people went out one hundred and one thousand according to their houses.
They asked him to stay some days, but he didn't answer.
You shall bring my firstborn son. Your oxen and your sheep shall do the same. Seven days you shall follow her, and on the eighth day you shall bring her to me.
Some of the most holy men buried St. Thomas, and wept for him with a loud voice.
One length, twenty-five thousand, and a breadth one hundred, shall be for the Levites who are sent out of the house, for their possession, twenty chambers.
Will his loving kindness fade away forever, And his promise be cut off forever?
Saul arose from the ground, and his eyes were closed, and he didn't see anything. They took him by the hand, and brought him into Damascus.
When the five princes of the Philistines saw it, the city returned that day to Ekron.
You shall write a letter to the angels of the assembly in Alexandria, saying, Amen, a witness of truth, and the firstborn of God,
Yahweh your God show us the way and the work which we shall do.
Therefore they fear him. He doesn't set the heart of wisdom in order.
Wherever you are, be it like a fig tree. There is a first fig tree, and when you stir it up, it bursts into the mouth of those who eat.
His right hand will lift up my head, And his left hand will take hold of me.
I have preached to you the word which I wrote, that Christ died for our sins, as it is written,
God helped him against the Philistines, and against the Arabians who lived in Gibeah, and against the Midianites.
The spoil, which the soldiers took with them, were sixty-seven thousand five thousand sheep;
You shall do no service in this day; for it is a day of iniquity, in which you are sinned before Yahweh your God.
Yahweh, God of Armies, which of you is mighty? Your faithfulness is round about you.
He gave thanks to the God of Og king of Bashan, for his loving kindness endures forever.
They shall be in the midst of the lowland, and shall be lowland; and their cities shall be in the midst of the uttermost cities.
For a little while, my anger will be kindled against you, And my wrath will cease from their destruction.
He said, Why will my lord pursue after his servant? What have I done that I have not seen? What is evil in my hands?
You have kept my head in the day of battle, The strength of my salvation, Lord Yahweh.
The king's portion shall be on the feast, on the first day of the month, and on the first day of the month, every Sabbath, and on the appointed feast of the house of Israel; and he shall offer burnt offerings, and meal offerings, and drink offerings; and he shall prepare a sin offering, and meal offering, and a burnt offering, and peace offerings, for the house of Israel.
Now your throne is no more; for Yahweh has found a man of his heart, and Yahweh has appointed him to be the head of his people; because you have not done that which Yahweh commanded you.
The fear of trembling covers me. The scourge of deceit covers me.
While he was yet alive, the flora and the fauna were not changed, neither the height nor the breadth, nor the height nor the breadth, day nor night.
In the twenty-seventh year of Jeroboam king of Israel began Azariah the son of Amaziah king of Judah to reign.
Your dead will live, and my dead will rise. Rise up, you who lie in the dust, and sing; for the iniquity of God is like the iniquity of the grass, and the earth will be brought forth out of the cloud.
David hurried, and stood before the Philistine, and drew out his sword, and struck him with the sword, and struck his head: and when all the Philistines saw that their mighty men were dead, they hurried.
Absalom said, If not, let Amnon my brother go with us. The king said, Why should he go with you?
They shall not be joined to him who is the first, but the whole body shall be glorified by him. They shall be joined to one another, and shall be established according to the will of God.
The priests who bore the ark of the covenant of Yahweh stood in the midst of the dry land by the Jordan; and all Israel passed through the dry land, until all the people had passed over the Jordan.
But Yahweh was angry with me because of you, and didn't listen to me: therefore Yahweh said to me, You have enough; don't rebuke this thing again from me.
The men of Judah made an end of accusing them, and their children, and all who came near to them, to keep these two days for feasts, as it is written, and as it is appointed, year by year, that they might not be cut off.
They gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron, and said, You are mighty, and all the congregation are holy; why do you triumph over Yahweh's congregation, seeing Yahweh is with them?
David said to him, Don't you be afraid, seeing you have killed the anointed of Yahweh with your hand?
Every meal offering baked in the coals, and every meal offering prepared on the potsherd, and on the pans, shall be brought to the priest who offers the meal offering.
Laban said, There is no one who does so here, until he has chosen the young men.
He passed by the gate of Ephraim, by the gate of the pier, and by the gate of the fish, and by the gate of Hananel, and by the gate of Hameah, until he came to the gate of the sheepfold; and he sat down at the gate of the entrance.
But the Lord answered them, You hypocrites! Didn't every man eat from his calf, or from his donkey, on the Sabbath day?
Peter said to them, Refresh yourselves, and let everyone be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, that your sins may be forgiven you, and that you may receive the Holy Spirit.
Behold, he is now hidden in a cave, or in another place: and whoever hears of him shall say, From among the inhabitants of Absalom there shall be a man slain.'
The king who anointed said, I will declare the Holy One; and Yahweh said to me, You are my son, and I have conceived you this day.
They shall take armor, and chariots, and chariots of fine flour, and shall bring a great multitude against you; and they shall take a great shield, and a scepter, and shall put it on their heads round about you; and I will give judgment to them, and they shall judge you by their law.
So Asa went out against him, and set the battle in array against him in the valley of Zephath of Mareshah.
Make their hearts heavy. Bring your curse on them.
For the false Christ and the false prophets will appear, and will perform signs and wonders, and will conspire against God's chosen ones.
For they see the morning as the shadow of death, For they are very heavy in the shadow of death.
The length of it was forty-five cubits on the north, forty-five cubits on the south, forty-five cubits on the east, and forty-five cubits on the south.
For he said to Moses, I will be merciful to him whom I love, and I will requite to him whom I requite.
The children of Israel again did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh: and Yahweh delivered them into the hand of Midian seven years.
Those who were taken were in safety, and they didn't hear the voice of their work.
For the land trembled because of the voice of Babylon; and the earth trembled; and they cried out with a loud voice among the peoples.
From thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who enters into the service in the Tent of Meeting shall number himself.
You shall eat no bread, nor drink clean wine; but you shall know that Yahweh is your God.
He who loves his brother or his sister lives in light, and doesn't fall into sin.
Wash me with pomegranates, and I will be clean. Wash me, and I will be whiter than snow.
A man is not created for a woman, but a woman is created for a man.
They came to Gedaliah to Mizpah; and they came with them: Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and Johanan the son of Kareah, and Jonathan, and Shelaiah the son of Tanhumeth, and Jaazaniah the son of Maacath the Nethaniah, and their men.
He said to his disciples, There is a rich man, and he has a lord. He has a lord over his possessions.
Now the Father has sanctified me, and sent me into the world. Why do I say, I am the Son of God, and you say, I have blasphemed God?'
He poured out his hand on the ground in the valley, and rejoiced in his strength; and he went out to meet the soldiers.
They shall not take a wife of a defiled man, nor a wife of a widow; neither shall they take a wife of a divorced man; for they are holy to their God.
The man of God went with the old prophet, and ate bread and drink water in his house.
Jesus said to them, Most assuredly I tell you, if you don't repent, you will be as a child, and you will not enter into the Kingdom of Heaven.
The arrow of the spear that was of the house of Saul was to shoot at Jonathan; and Jonathan knew that his father was plotting to kill David.
Yahweh has sworn, and will not relent, saying, You are priest forever, as Melchizedek.
Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried these men captive to Riblah, to the king of Babylon.
The thief comes to steal, to kill, and to destroy. I come to give them abundant life.
The time is at hand, and the days are at hand. Don't let the buyer delight himself, neither let the seller be dismayed; for the wrath is on all of them.
He gathered the congregation together to the door of the tent of meeting.
He brought me to the innermost part of the body, and measured me according to the measure of the first.
They sang a new song, and said, You will take the scroll, and break it open; for you have been slain, and have poured out your blood on all the peoples, and on all the languages, and on all the peoples, and on all the peoples.
It was a day of fasting for the Jews, and the tomb was not far off. They buried him there.
Moses' father-in-law was a Kenite; and his sons and the sons of Judah went up with them out of the city of his father's hand, and came to the wilderness of Judah on the south of the Arabah, where they lived with them.
If I don't do the Father's work, don't believe me.
The footstool of the righteous is Yahweh's, And Yahweh loves the way of the righteous.
It happened, when the sun was going down, that a rebuke was spread among the army, saying, Every man to his own city, and every man to his own land.
Is it appropriate that you bring this man to me, who is foolish? Is he able to enter into my house?
He made two cherubim of acacia wood in the inner court, each one ten cubits high.
It is better to kill with the sword than to kill with a robber; for it is a waste of land, and a waste, as a robber passes by.
Now you have erred, and have done that which is right in my eyes: every man proclaims his release from his neighbor, and makes a covenant before me in the house which is called by my name.
It happened, when Abram returned with the kings who were with him from the slaughter of Chedar Araumel, that the king of Sodom came out to meet him in the valley of Sheba, which is the valley of the king.
But as for me, I will hope in Yahweh, And wait for my God. My God will hear me.
The children of Israel took away the Baals and the Ashtaroth, and served only Yahweh.
Jesus said to them, Bring the fish that have been snared, and the treasures.
He broke off his head, and took off his robe, and sent to the land of the Philistines round about, and spread it among the idols, and among the people.
I also delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of all the hands of those who oppressed you, and drove them out from before you, and gave their land to you.
The men who carried the armor went before the priest who blowed it, and after the ark went: and the priest blowed it again.
If Yahweh your God extends your border, and gives you all the land which he promised to your fathers, as he swore to your fathers.
Keep me, God, For I trust in you.
So these two great men stood in the house of God, and I and a quarter of the rulers stood there.
The lame man, whom you saw and knew, was strong in the name of Jesus. He rose up in the name of Jesus with all his heart, and you saw all this.
Yahweh said to Satan, Where have you come from? Satan answered Yahweh, and said, I have walked on the earth, and I have gone up. I have walked there, and I have come from there.
I have called your name The olive tree of the green,' and it is pleasing to the eye, and yields good fruit: and I will set a fire on it with a shout of wrath, and the horns will be broken.
Reuben said to them, Don't let him shed blood. Throw him into the cave of the wilderness, and don't let his hand kill him. His purpose was to deliver Joseph out of their hand, that he might return to his father.
Woe to you, man who oppresses, he will not be oppressed; and to him who commits treachery, he will not be oppressed; and to him who oppresses, he will be oppressed: and to him who oppresses, he will be oppressed; and to him who oppresses, he will be oppressed.
The children of Israel fought against Baal Peor; and Yahweh was angry with the children of Israel.
Then Gad said he, Blessed be Gad's lord. He lies down like a lion's cub. He tore his hands and his head.
We will utter all the words of our mouth toward the hearing, to burn incense, and to drink wine, according to the manner of our fathers, our kings, and our princes, in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem, and according to all that we have done: for our food will be full, and our peace, and we will not see evil.
But the Levites shall redeem the cities of the Levites, the houses of the possession of the cities of their possession forever.
Yahweh increase your sons and your daughters, And your daughters with you.
Those who are circumcised, and those who are uncircumcised, are uncircumcised. We must be new creations.
The Lord's loving kindness is renewed morning by morning. Your truth is exalted.
All the peoples, and all the nations, who serve you, shall perish; and all the nations shall be desolate.
This land has done wonderful abominations.
For they didn't know the sign of the five loaves. Their heart was hardened.
Then Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard left in the land of Judah the poor and needy among the people, and gave them vineyards and fields.
He hid himself in the dust for his sake, And hid himself in the way for his sake.
Thus says Yahweh: If Zedekiah king of Judah, and his princes, and the remnant of Jerusalem, and the inhabitants of this land, and the inhabitants of the land of Egypt, behold, I have made them as figs of flint; they shall not be eaten, for they are figs.
Araunah said to David, My lord the king, bring you what seems good to you: behold, there are oxen here for a burnt offering, and vessels of grain, and chariots of oxen here for wood.
That the wise may hear, and be strengthened; That the understanding may have good knowledge;
I remember God, and am grieved. I hold my peace, and my spirit rests. Selah.
He forsook the tent of Shiloh, which he had set up among men.
Give your yoke to Yahweh, and he will lift you up. He will never let the righteous tremble.
But I am as a mute man who doesn't hear, As an eagle who doesn't open his mouth to speak.
Now therefore, because you have received the word which I have spoken to you, you have given him good news.
You, Lord our God, have brought forth your people out of the land of Egypt with a mighty hand, and have made you a name, as at this day: we have sinned, and we have done wickedly.
On the sixth day Eliasaph the son of Tiuel, prince of the children of Gad
and the cords of the hands, and the linen garments, and the coverings of the thighs, and the coverings of the thighs.
Isn't Yahweh's purpose for me to come now against this land to destroy it? Yahweh said to me, Go up against this land to destroy it.
There is a boat going. The great fish which you have made are sown there.
When he saw him from afar, he ran and fell on his face,
He gave to all the people, even to all Israel, both male and female, a loaf of bread, a loaf of flesh, and a loaf of grapes: and all the people departed, everyone to his own house.
Jesus said to them, I also will ask you one question. If you answer me, then I will tell you what authority I have to do these things.
The South will have Mount Esau, and the South Philistines, and the field of Ephraim and the field of Samaria; and the Benjamins Gilead.
The poor and needy will seek water, and will not find it; for they will cry out, and they will eat; and I, Yahweh, will answer them; and I, the God of Israel, will not forsake them.
Turn away from the lusts of the young men, and join yourself with those who call on the Lord in righteousness, faith, love, and peace.
Jesus answered them, It is written, You shall not test the Lord your God.'
Balaam answered Balak, What shall I say now that I come to you? What shall God give me?
The wicked don't understand righteousness, But all those who seek Yahweh understand.
Let those who fear you come to me, That they may know your precepts.
What can we boast about? None! What can we prove? What can we prove? Or what can we prove? No, but faith.
Why do the wicked live, and live long, and are strong in spirit?
Speak good words to Jerusalem, and let it know that her wars are won, and her iniquities are forgiven; and she has been redeemed from the hand of Yahweh for all her sins.
One man from among the king's relatives made a covenant with him, and swore to him; and he took the princes of the land.
Speak to Aaron, and tell him, When you light the lamp, the seven lamps shall shine before the lampstand.
Now therefore have we brought to Yahweh every goldsmith's vessel, and every belt, and every slingshot, and every slingshot, and every slingshot, and every slingshot, to Yahweh for a present, to make atonement for us before Yahweh.
He is wise, and he is foolish. Who knows? He will rule over him in the daytime, and in the work of wisdom. This also is vanity.
But a fool walks in the way, and lacks wisdom, and tells his people that he is a fool.
For what will a man receive, if he labors under the sun?
All the sons of those who afflict you in peace shall bow before you; and all those who despise you shall worship before your feet: and they shall call you the city of Yahweh, and Zion the Holy One of Israel.
It happened in the twenty-ninth year of Jotham the son of Uzziah, that Hoshea the son of Elah rebelled against Pekah the son of Remaliah, and struck him, and killed him, and kept his word.
The lion is the first of the wild animals; he shall not flee for other things;
You shall gather the grain of the field, and shall not gather it to the end of the field, neither shall you gather the grain of the field, but shall leave it for the needy, and for the foreigner. I am Yahweh your God.
They shall hear your words: go you, and the elders of Israel, to the king of Egypt, and tell him, The God of the Hebrews, Yahweh, has found us; now therefore let us go into the wilderness, and walk three days' journey, to sacrifice to Yahweh our God.
and one male goat for a sin offering; besides the continual burnt offering, and the meal offering of it, and the drink offering of it.
These are the seven stars which you saw in my right hand, and the seven lampstands of gold: the seven stars are the seven angels of the assembly, and the seven lampstands the seven assemblies.
The men said one to another, This Daniel, besides the law of his God, we can't find his deceit.
When the sailors of the city met me, I said to them, Have you seen what my soul desires?
There shall be three things in the midst of the tumult; and there shall be three things in the midst of the tumult:
Then Haman went in. The king said to him, What shall the king do to the man whom the king delights to honor? He said in his heart, Who is better than me to the man whom the king delights to honor?
The Levites departed from their suburbs, and from their inheritance, and came to Judah and Jerusalem; for Jeroboam and his sons had thrown them out, and they would not have served Yahweh in the priest's office.
I didn't seek my own glory, but a word came to me, and I was judge of this matter.
Now therefore sin against Yahweh, the God of your fathers, and do that which is pleasing to him, and separate yourself from the peoples of the nations, and from the foreign daughters.
Then the satraps brought him into the satraps, and they gathered him up, and threw him up.
The sea was on twelve oxen, three toward the north, three toward the west, three toward the south, and three toward the east; and the sea was on the oxen, and the oxen toward the north.
He answered me, This is the word which Yahweh spoke to Zerubbabel, saying, It is not power, nor might, but my Spirit, says Yahweh of Armies.
Out of the tribe of Gad, Ramoth Gilead, the city of refuge for the slain, with its suburbs, and Mahanaim with its suburbs,
Behold, I will give this city into the hand of the Chaldeans, and into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and he shall take it.
For he teaches, and is not like their scribes.
I want to tell you that Timothy, our brother, has gone out of prison. If he comes, I will call him and I to you.
You have made my weeping into a dance. You have tied my robe to it. You have draped it with joy.
When the queen of Sheba had heard the name of Solomon, she came to Jerusalem, to test Solomon with a very great doctrine: and there were many who followed him, and there were many camels with spices and gold, and precious stones. When she came to Solomon, she spoke to him all that was in her heart.
Isaac's servants were digging in the valley, and found a spring of living water.
For Yahweh has made Sarah, Abraham's wife, a widow in the house of Abimelech, to be unmarried.
Every morning and every evening shall burn an offering made by fire to Yahweh, with a burnt offering, and with a sweet savor: and there shall be a set bread on the holy table, and a golden lampstand and a lampstand for every evening; for we have kept the commandment of Yahweh our God; but you have forsaken it.
He who sits on a throne before his neighbor is a fool.
Yahweh, the God of Israel, our fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, make your people a constant reminder of this thought, and prepare their hearts to turn to you;
The king said to him, What have you done? He answered, Most assuredly I am a widow, and my husband is dead.
I have not sat in the assembly of the rich. I have held my peace because of your wrath, Because you have filled me with wrath.
Mephibosheth had a son who was old, whose name was Micah: and all the men of the house of Ziba were servants to Mephibosheth.
The wolf shall roar in the camp, and the lion shall roar in the palace of his majesty. Babylon is come from the time of her distress. Her days are not yet fulfilled.
My affliction is profit to me, That I may learn your statutes.
But he said to the wicked, Why do you prophesy my statutes, And speak my covenant with them?
that he might show to the generations to come the fullness of his grace, which is through the loving kindness which he has shown us through Christ Jesus.
Sing to him, sing to him, Pray for all his wonders.
Moses said, I will go out from you, and I will ask Yahweh that the captains of thousands depart from Pharaoh, and from his servants, and from his people; but Pharaoh shall do no more deceit, nor let the people go out to sacrifice to Yahweh.
I will scatter you among the nations, and I will scatter you among the countries; and I will take away your abominations from you.
I will make you a great nation, and I will bless you, and will make your name great, and you shall be blessed.
What then is the law? The law is for men to know what is a trespass, and what is an oath, which the angel has ordained through one of them, until the coming of the promised Son.
For we have seen and heard nothing that we can't live with.
His master shall bring him to the place where he worships God; and he shall bring him near to the door or to the gate: and his master shall number his ears, and he shall serve this master forever.
Have you entered into the waters of the sea? Have you gone into secret places in the deep?
Yahweh spoke to Moses in the plains of Moab by the Jordan at Jericho, saying,
Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: As for Ahab the son of Koraiah, and Zedekiah the son of Maaseiah, who prophesy lies to you in my name, behold, I will deliver them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and he shall kill them before you.
Is it the time that I prepare for trouble, And for the day of slain men?
The children of Israel were very afflicted that day; for Saul swore to the people, saying, Cursed be he who eats, until I have sinned before my enemies. Therefore the people ate nothing.
Jesus said to him, Come, and I will heal him.
He will make the voice of the Lord with the spirit of Elijah, and with the power of the Spirit; and he will heal the fatherless and the sons and daughters; and he will cause the rebellious to follow the wisdom of the righteous, and will prepare the hearts of the people to meet the Lord.
and among the fathers' houses, and among their generations, and among their wives, and among their sons, and among their daughters, and among all the congregation; for they believed that they were holy in their own eyes.
The merchants of Sheba and Ramah fought against you: they brought to you all the best spices, and all the precious stones, and all the gold.
Therefore the name of the city was called Babel; for there Yahweh struck the speech of the ears; and Yahweh scattered men from there on the surface of all the earth.
Behold, there is a place here to me, says Yahweh, and you shall stand on the rock.
They didn't hope for the altar which was made by their hands, Neither did they look at the pillar that was made by their own hands, Nor at the sun's rays.
I saw under the sun that there was wickedness in the land of judgment, and in the land of righteousness there was wickedness.
When the grass grew in the morning, it was unfruitful. When the frogs were snared in the evening, they were dried up.
Son of man, take a sword, and make a sword for your head, and cut off your hair and your teeth, and then you shall pierce it with a rod, and break it open.
But the eyes of the wicked are purple. They have no escape. Their hope is as thick as smoke.
I tell you, Yahweh your God, who lives, there is no nation, nor nation, and my lord has sent no one to you there. If they say, and he isn't here, then they swear that they will not find you in that nation.
The word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah.
Behold, there shall remain the remnant, the children who are taken captive; behold, they shall come to you; and you shall see their ways, and their doings, and shall speak concerning all the evil that I have brought on Jerusalem, which I have brought on them; and you shall be comforted.
When they heard me, they waited, and waited for me.
The blind man, when he heard that many were passing by, asked what was going on.
But he said that he was building his own house.
Fire went before him, And devoured his enemies round about.
These are those who, when Noah prepared for the voyage, God waited patiently for those who were not conformed; and those who entered into the voyage were few, and few, but they were saved by the waters.
Arise, Yahweh, the God of Armies, the God of Israel, and judge the nations. Don't be merciful to the evil-doers. Selah.
Blessed is he who keeps wisdom. Blessed is he who keeps understanding.
The disciples said to him, Behold, tens of thousands are telling you. Why do they say, Who touched me?'
After these things there came a certain Joseph of Arimathaea, who begged Pilate that he might come and take Jesus' body. He came and took Jesus' body, because he was afraid of the Jews. Pilate agreed, and Joseph came and took Jesus' body.
Return, God of Armies. Look up from the sky, and see the vine.
Then the iron, and the clay, and the brass, and the silver, and the gold, were broken into pieces, and fell into the midst of the threshing floor, so that the wind ceased, and there was no place for them: and the stone that was found was a great mountain, and filled the whole land.
Then Ahinoam the Jezreelitess, David's wife, and Abigail the wife of Nabal the Carmelitess, took them captive.
You have nourished yourselves in the truth. You have a strong bond with the rest of the saints. Love one another with all your heart and with all your soul.
It will happen in the morning, when the sacrifice is made, that water will come out of the way of Edom, and the land will be full of water.
Now the blood of their Lamb, and the testimony of their testimony, have been poured out, and they shall keep their life.
All the good words of Yahweh, which he spoke to the house of Israel, were without a word.
Remember your servants, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and don't forget the stubbornness of this people, their evil, and their sin,
He went out, and saw great multitudes, and was kind to them, and healed those who were sick.
He arose, and rebuked the wind, and commanded the waters to come down. The wind ceased, and the waters came down also.
If he who condemns a man has the same glory, doesn't he who condemns without sin have greater glory?
The cherubim stretched forth their wings twenty cubits; and their feet stood, and their faces were toward one another.
Joseph arose, and brought the child with his mother into the land of Israel.
Let his sons be fathers, And his wives widows.
You had five lords, and they were not your lords. You said nothing of them.
Then said king Ahasuerus to Esther the queen, and to Mordecai the Jew, Because Haman seeks to destroy Judah, and I have given his possession to Esther, and they have hanged Haman on a beam.
You shall not have any man with you, neither shall you see any man on the mountains; neither shall you let the herds or the flocks eat grass on the hills.
Don't be anxious about this thing, for the time is at hand, when all the dead who are in the tombs will hear the voice of the Son out of the tomb.
He commanded the angel to speak to their lord, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Thus shall you speak to your lord:
The arrows went into Judah, and the house was full of impurity, and the height of it was exceeding high: and the wings of Emmanuel were stretched out, and filled your land.
When she has departed from her house, she shall go and marry another man.
But some of them gathered themselves together, and profaned the Lord's word before them. He took his disciples away from them, and argued day by day in the court of the Tulanos.
They returned from the entrance of the gate of the spring of David, from the wall of the city, which is on the wall of the house of David, toward the east, to the spring of the spring.
They deceived their neighbors, saying, I am a handmaid;
For my people forget me, and burn incense to a false spirit; and they cause them to stumble in the way in which they go, and in the way in which they go; they cause them to wander in the way, and don't reach high;
But you don't know the day or the hour. The angels of the heavens don't know, neither the Son, but the Father.
But Peter said, Lord, don't look behind you, for I have not eaten anything unclean.
He gave to the sons of Merari four chariots and four oxen, according to their service: and they gave to Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest dominion.
Jesus said to him, What is your name? The man said to him, My name is Glory,' for we are a great ark.
I am afraid. Therefore I have put your money in the ground. Your money is restored to you.'
Nebuchadnezzar the king swore to him, but he rebelled, and stiffened his neck, and rebuked his heart, and believed in Yahweh, the God of Israel.
But if a man desires to be called, he can't do it alone. But if you do these things, go and do them to the eyes of the world.
The house of Ephraim built an altar to make atonement; therefore the altar made atonement for them.
I love him who loves me. He who seeks after me will find him.
Our hearts wait for Yahweh all the days of our lives. He is our help and shield.
Soriath the son of an oppressor shall be prince over the house of Merari: and they shall encamp on the north side of the tent of meeting.
These are men whom you don't speak of, for they are still early in the morning.
He asks for life from you, And you give him life forever.
After you have opened the door, and after you have opened the door, stand in your memory, and go up to another, and make a covenant with them, and behold, you see their bed, and are very glad.
A fool says to a wise man, Give us a little of your fat, for our lamp is about to go out.'
For your loving kindness is better than life. My lips will praise you.
For this cause he has given them a retribution for their iniquity.
Now there came a woman uncircumcised, whose name was Luda, a Jew who worshiped God in the city of Ephesus. God opened his heart, and made him listen with all his heart to the words of Paul.
When Jacob had commanded his sons, he lifted up his feet from the bed, and bowed himself, and returned to his fathers.
Let the merciful hand of our God be on us, and let them bring a prudent man among the children of Machir the son of Levi, of the children of Israel; and Sherebiah, and his sons, and his brothers, eighteen men.
Don't forget to give to the stranger; for the same is given to the angel in secret.
Jehoiachin did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, according to all that his father had done.
But when the captain of the guard wanted to save Paul, he imposed a ban on them, and commanded that those who had sinned should dance on the watercourses.
Yahweh said to Moses, Charge the sons of Aaron to be priests, saying, If any man of the Kadesh dies, he shall not defile himself.
He will not break the snare of wounds, Neither will he blow the trumpets, Until he has established righteousness.
Therefore what you speak in darkness, you will be heard in light. What you speak in the chambers, you will be prophesied in the midst of the house.
Let Yahweh's face be pleased with you, And give you peace.
The steps of those who walk with me are turned backward. Your streets are crowded.
If Yahweh of Armies had not left us a remnant, we would have been as Sodom and as Gomorrah destroyed.
A righteous man does right, and perishes; and a wicked man does evil, and perishes long days: and I have seen it all the days of my vanity.
Let their eyes be dim, so that they can't see. Let their steps be turned back and forth forever.
But Peter said, I don't know what you are saying, my friend. When he was speaking, immediately the house wept.
Joseph said to his father and to his brothers, and their father rebuked him, saying, What is this dream which you have dreamed? Do you say, I, and your mother, and your brothers, shall bow down to you?
I have served God with all my heart and with all my soul, and have preached the Good News of his Son. God will testify about me, and I will always remember you in my prayers,
Jehoshaphat walked in the ways of Asa his father, and didn't turn from him, to do that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh: but the high places were not taken away; and the people sacrificed and burnt incense in them.
He redeems your soul from death, And makes love and tender mercies your crown.
But these are our treasures, like vessels made of dust, that the greatness of the power might be revealed to God, and not to us.
It happened after these things, that he passed over the sea of Galilee, which is on the other side of the sea of Tiberias.
When the centurion who was before him saw his groaning, he said, Truly this is the Son of God.
the priest shall offer one for a sin offering, and one for a burnt offering; and the priest shall make atonement for him before Yahweh for his iniquity.
He shall make atonement for the sanctuary of the Holy One, and shall make atonement for the tent of meeting, and for the altar; and he shall make atonement for all the priests, and for all the congregation.
When you call, I answer you. You have loved the work of your hands.
He took a silver coin, and showed me the image. Whose is this image and the number? They said, Caesar's.
Go to the hill of Abarim, and to the top of Nebo, and to the land of Moab beyond Jericho, and see the land of Canaan, which I have given to the children of Israel for an inheritance.
For I know that you will bring me to death, To the house which is set up for all life.
The judges shall reign; and they shall strike the king's throne, and destroy it, and destroy it to the end of the earth.
In the eighth year you shall graze, and eat the fruit of the ground, even the bread of the harvest, until the year of harvest, when you eat the fruit of the ground.
All who saw it came out to see it. When they came to Jesus, a demon came out from the man. When they saw that he was clothed with a demon, and sitting at Jesus' feet, they marveled greatly.
They shaved for you, and girded themselves with sackcloth, and wept with a heavy heart, and cried out exceedingly.
God will save Lot, the righteous man, For he has grieved greatly for the wicked.
It happened on the next day in the morning, that the people rose up, and built an altar there, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings.
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance.
They found an Egyptian in the field, and brought him to David: and they gave him bread, and he ate, and gave him water to drink.
Joseph looked at his brothers, and saw that they were familiar; and he lied to them, and spoke foolishly to them, and said to them, From where have you come? They said, From the land of Canaan have you eaten bread.
They cover me like a perfume, Like a burning fiery fire. I have consumed them in the name of Yahweh.
He made a memorial for the children of Israel in the midst of the priests' houses, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
For he will turn your son away from following me, and will serve other gods; and Yahweh will be angry with you, and will drive you away.
In the forty-ninth year that I brought you into the wilderness, there was no blemish on your skin, neither was there any blemish on your feet.
When he lies down, look to the place where he lies, and go into the place where his feet are, and lie down there: and he will tell you what you shall do.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
He has reduced my strength to a bribe. He has made my days a desolation.
They say, It is for the belly, and the belly for the food. But God will destroy both of them. The body is not for sexual immorality, but for the Lord, and the Lord will raise up our bodies.
It happened after these things, that Yahweh struck him, and broke his bones in pieces, so that he could not recover them.
I hurried, because Yahweh said that he would destroy you; and I hurried before Yahweh forty days and forty nights.
and in the land of the children of Issachar, Kedesh with its suburbs, and Dabir with its suburbs;
The rings of gold that were on them were fifty shekels; and the rings of the bracelets were of gold.
But if a man finds a pregnant woman in the field, he will kill her; but he who kills her will die.
All who were numbered of them, from twenty years old and upward, were sixty-three thousand five hundred fifty, weighed according to the weight of the ark of the sanctuary: and they gave every man ten shekels of silver, even one Pekah.
But he said to them, Woe to you law teachers! For you have given men a burden that is no more; but you yourselves refuse to bend a finger to defy them.
Laban went and took the sheep; and Rachel stole the idols of their father's house.
Three days went he out of the midst of it; and the whole land was darkened.
five hundred frankincense, and a hin of oil, according to the measure of the sanctuary.
Take heed to yourself, and observe your precepts, and do them with all your heart and with all your soul; for they will save you, yourself and those who hear your precepts.
You shall make the boards for the tent of meeting of cedar.
What then is my reward? That I preach the Good News to all men, but I don't preach the Good News at all.
King Jehoram went up to Jezreel to heal his wound, which the Syrians had struck when he fought with Hazael king of Syria at Ramoth: and Ahaziah the son of Jehoram king of Judah went down to Jehoram the son of Ahab to examine Joram the son of Ahab, because he was sick.
As for this man, it is written, I will send my messenger before you. He will be your messenger, and he will open to you.
He shall go forth to the altar before Yahweh, and shall make the altar of sacrifices; and he shall take the blood of the bulls, and the blood of the goats, and shall put them on the horns of the altar round about.
Therefore we are full of strength all the days of our lives, knowing that we are yet living in flesh, far from the house which the Lord has prepared for us.
They sought him, and stood in the temple, and said to one another, What do you think? Will he be able to pass over the feast?
Therefore we sent another brother with them, and he proved us many times, and we knew that he was willing to help. Now therefore he was exceedingly steadfast in his heart to help you, and he is more willing to help you.
and the priests, and the Levites, who shall always offer burnt offerings and offerings; and they shall do the same thing before me.
Now therefore, Lord Yahweh, you are God, and your words are truth; and you have blessed your servant with this blessing.
They sacrificed to their gods, and brought the people to the house; and the people ate their sacrifices, and worshiped their gods.
Even though I am anointed king, I am defiled this day: these are the more mighty than I, son of Zeruiah: Yahweh requite him who does evil, according to his wickedness.
Woe to those who are wise in their own eyes, And wise in their own eyes!
You shall be a terror and a trembling in the midst of all the nations where Yahweh shall lead you; and you shall be a stumbling block and a stumbling block among them.
Judah and Shelah themselves were prophets; and they comforted the saints with many words, and established their faith.
There was a man named Ananias, whose inheritance he didn't possess, he, nor Sapphira his wife.
Your horns have sinned. Your shields have rebelled against me.
For as the lightning flashes on the east, so will the Son of Man happen on the west.
The children of Israel heard, and said, Behold, the children of Reuben, and the children of Gad, and the half-tribe of Manasseh, shall build an altar before the land of Canaan, by the bank of the Jordan; and the children of Israel shall pass over.
Let all the nations rejoice with his people; For he will rebuke the blood of his servants, And recompense his enemies, And will redeem his land and the sin of his people.
But the Holy Spirit testifies to me in every city, that treachery and trouble await me.
Then he went out again, and brought in seven more evil spirits than himself, and lived therein: so shall the end of the man be more severe than the first; and so shall the generation of this wickedness be.
For our fathers have sinned, and have done that which is evil in the sight of Yahweh our God, and have departed from him, and turned their faces, and turned their backs toward the dwelling place of Yahweh.
Then the devil took the word out of their own heart, even those who were by the way, who heard the word by the way. They couldn't believe the word, and be saved.
Now concerning the children of Israel, Isaiah prophesied, saying, Even though the children of Israel are as the sand of the sea, they shall be saved by the remnant of the fish.
All the captives of Judah shall curse men with these two men, saying, Yahweh make you as Zedekiah and as Ahab, and the king of Babylon shall burn you with fire.
They went to Hilkiah the high priest, and delivered to him all the money that was offered in the house of Yahweh: and the money was the money of the Levites who kept the gate, who brought back out of Manasseh, and out of Ephraim, and out of all Israel, and out of Judah, and out of Benjamin, and out of all the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
For I said to him, Life is for Christ, and greater is its profit.
But the little ones, and the disobedient, and the abominable, and the murderers, and the sexually immoral, and the idolaters, and all those who prophesy lies, have appointed for them a place to go, a place that burns with fire and sulfur; and this is the second death.
The children of Beeroth fled before them to Gittim, and were encamped there to this day.
When Eliab David's brother heard that he was talking with men, he said to David in anger, Why are you come down here? and who are you to deliver the ram to in the wilderness? for I know your pride, and your wickedness in your heart, that you come down to see the war.
He who is on the housetop shall not enter into the house to take anything.
The woman said to Elijah, Now I know that you are a man of God, and that all the words of Yahweh which you speak are true.
His disciples asked him what this parable was.
If you fear Yahweh, and serve him, and listen to his voice, and don't rebel against the commandment of Yahweh, then you and the kings who rule over you will be well with Yahweh your God.
So that I will be astonished at death, And will be filled with bones.
Speak to them, and tell them, As I live, says the Lord Yahweh, I will not let the wicked perish, but let the wicked return, and live from the way in which he has gone. Return, house of Israel, and depart from the evil way, why will you die?
The chronicles of Nihemiah the son of Hachilah. In the twenty-ninth year, in the month Kishlus, was I in the palace of the king of Susan.
But the righteous shall be delivered from Yahweh; and Yahweh shall be their refuge in times of trouble.
But if not, when I stand in the righteous assembly, they shall show me a place that I don't have.
It happened, when the king was in the house, and Yahweh had given him rest from his enemies round about,
In that day I will make the heads of fathers' houses of Judah like fire in the midst of the wood, and like ashes in the midst of the furnace: and they shall consume the nations that are round about them on the right hand and on the left; and the inhabitants of Jerusalem shall dwell in their own land, even in Jerusalem.
When he had uttered his voice, the rooster sprang up, and there was a robber in their land.
Therefore king Joash called Jehoiada the priest, and the rest of the priests, and said to them, Why haven't you taken out the ruin of the house? now therefore don't take out the money of those who know, but give out the money, that you may take out the ruin of the house.
They delivered them to the princes of Rome, saying, These two are Jews, arguing over our cities;
David said afterward to Yahweh, Shall I go up to the city of Judah? Yahweh said to him, Go up. David said, Where shall I go up? He said, To Hebron.
The woman came to the man of God to the mountain, and fell down at his feet. Gehazi came to pull him out, and the man of God said, Serve him; for he is in affliction, and Yahweh has hidden himself from me.
Your words are sweeter in my mouth, And sweeter in my mouth than honey.
The voice of Yahweh is mighty. The voice of Yahweh is full of majesty.
When you hear of wars and troubles, don't be afraid; for they will surely happen, but the end won't be immediately.
Samson came to Gaza; and behold, a cherub was there; and he came near to him.
Yahweh established me, and made me the word of David my father, and built me a house according to his promise; and I swore by his eternal life, that Adonijah shall surely die this day.
It happened, while Jacob was talking with them, that Rachel brought the sheep of their father, because the sheep were his.
He shall open seven hundred, all of them nobles; and he shall close three hundred. These things shall ensnare his heart.
It happened, when they had gone out from Bethel, and were a little while from Ephrathah, that Rachel was taken, and found a prisoner.
When his parents saw him, they marveled. His mother said to him, Why do you deal so graciously with us, son? Behold, your father is very afflicted with me, and always seeks you.
Behold, these are wicked men. They have prospered continually. Their treasures are multiplied.
For Yahweh will make you clean in this day, and you shall be clean before Yahweh from all your sins.
The righteous will receive the grace of Yahweh, But the treacherous will be sinned against Yahweh.
I walk in the way of righteousness, And in the way of justice;
Three times in the year all your males shall come to the Lord Yahweh, the God of Israel.
The people said, You have not hurt us, neither oppressed us, nor taken anything from anyone's hand.
When you see that his heart is upright before you, you make a covenant with him, and promise to give to his seed the land of the Canaanites, and of the Hittites, and of the Amorites, and of the Perizzites, and of the Jebusites, and of the Gigashite; and you shall establish your word, for you are righteous.
He answered them, The man whose name was Jesus, drew the dust from my eyes, and said to me, Go, wash in the pool of Siloam.' As soon as I washed, I saw.
Jeremiah the prophet wrote a letter to the captains of thousands who were still in Jerusalem, and to the priests, and to the prophets, and to all the people, whom Nebuchadnezzar had carried away captive from Jerusalem to Babylon.
Bathsheba said, Give Abishag the Shunammite as wife to Adonijah your brother.
The light is good, and the sight of the light is pleasing to the eye.
They shall die like the flocks of Sheol, and be their shepherds until the morning; and the upright shall rule over them in the morning; and their carcasses shall be consumed by Sheol, so that there shall be no dwelling place.
Behold, Egypt, which you trust in, is a snare of wounds: if anyone trusts in it, he shall be snared in his hand: so is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all who trust in him.
I will drive you from before me, as I have driven all your brothers the children of Ephraim.
The angel who spoke with me said to me, Speak, and say, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, I am zealous for Jerusalem, and for Zion.
When the Son of Man comes, and eats and drinks, you shall say, He is a man of greed, a tax collector, and a friend of sinners.'
Now the acts of Rehoboam, first and last, aren't they written in the book of the prophet Shemaiah, and in the book of the prophet Iddo? Rehoboam and Jeroboam fought continually.
Joseph said to them, Most assuredly, I tell you that you are spies.
Behold, I have stiffened your face, that I might be stiffer than their face; and I have stiffened your head, that I might be stiffer than their head.
Now therefore, our God, hear the prayer of your servant, And put your face in the ruins of your sanctuary, Because of the Lord.
But he turned aside from his counsel, and from those who stood before him, and went and argued with the young men who were with him.
For there is no desire for unrighteousness, But for truth.
If the children of Israel keep all my commandments which I command them, according to all the law which Moses my servant commanded them, then will I no more cause their feet to fall, from the land which I gave to their fathers.
The rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and his abominations, and his abominations, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel and Judah. Jehoiachin his son reigned in his place.
He who betrayed him said to them in the night, He whom I kiss is Jesus. Take him, and let him go.
Absalom came near to the king, and said, Now your servants are bringing sheep, and they are sending the king, and his servants, and his servants.
This is the image: its head is pure gold; its breasts and its hands are silver; its waist and its great shoulders brass;
I have afflicted those who mock you. I have bound myself.
The Lord, the Spirit, is there speaking. The place where the Lord's Spirit is will be taken away.
The two horns that were on the side of the tent were on two boards.
Let the king be as the rain that falls on the grass, As the rain that pours on the ground when it rains.
One man for another in a valley of judgment; for the days of Yahweh are at hand, in a valley of judgment.
He has listened to me with his ears. Therefore I will cry to him all the days of my life.
The mountains were scattered, and the stones surrounded them.
Then I rebuked the nobles and the rulers in my heart, and said to them, You give every man to his brother. So I gathered together the council, and rebuked them.
Jesus said to them, You are called righteous before men, but God knows your heart, for men are called honorable, but from God are abhorred.
But he is wounded for our transgressions, and is slain for our iniquities; he bears punishment, and we have peace; he is struck, and we have healing.
The stars of the sky shall not be numbered, Nor the sand of the sea shall be numbered: thus will I multiply my servant David's seed with my Levites.
Those who believe that Jesus is the Christ are children of God, who love their parents, and their children whom they have borne.
He set two scribes before him, and testified against him, saying, You have blasphemed Yahweh and the king; and they took him out, and stoned him with stones.
Abraham said, God will raise Isaac from the dead, and it will be known that Isaac is dead, and is come again.
On the third day and on the seventh day, the unclean person shall wash his unclean linen, and on the seventh day shall he be unclean; and he shall wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh in water, and be unclean until the evening.
Therefore many of you will perish and be sick, and none of you will die.
You have done well in righteousness, and have played the prostitute with the Assyrians. You have played the prostitute with them, but it is not finished.
Paul and Silas passed through Antioch and Antioch, and came to Thessalonica, where was the synagogue of the Jews.
For those who seek this people are sent by them. Those who seek them are devoured.
For it is written, He has made man a wicked man, and it shall be written on me; and the things which are written concerning me shall be written in truth.
For the violent has passed away, and the slanderer has perished; and everyone who seeks the retribution of wickedness is cut off.
Assyria can't save us; neither can we ride on horses, nor say any more to the work of our hands, You are our god; for your fathers have mercy on you.
Hold your peace, all you islands, before me. Let all of you find new strength. Come near, and speak. Let all of us be reasoned together.
Then we took all his cities, and destroyed the cities of the habitations, and left neither woman nor child.
It happened on the next day, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
My sanctuary shall be among them forever; and the nations shall know that I am Yahweh, that I may sanctify Israel.
From the ground even to the door of the gate were cherubim and palm trees: so was the wall of the house.
The threshold of the house was twenty cubits, and the breadth of the house ten cubits, and the breadth of the gate ten cubits.
Yahweh has brought evil on the people, because they were bulls, which Aaron had made.
For if I am a lawful man, I am a lawful man, and I believe in the Lord, not that I don't keep the law of God, but that I am under the law of Christ.
Therefore, being foreigners, you were made uncircumcised by the uncircumcision of those who were numbered of them, who circumcised themselves with their hands.
I looked in the visions of the night, and behold, there came a man like a man in the cloud of the sky, and he was with him in the great Old Testament; and they brought him before the man.
Yahweh your God, who is before you, he will fight for you, as he did for you in Egypt for all that he did before your eyes.
For the daughters of my city have made me to see sorrow.
The woman bore a son, whom she was about to cast out by the sword against all the nations; and his son was brought before God to his throne.
Remember that you were bondservants in Egypt. Keep these statutes.
In all the cities where the king's days were, the Jews rejoiced and rejoiced, and set the feast day to be a good day: and the people of the land came in great numbers into Judah because of the fear of Judah.
Therefore walk in your wisdom, and don't allow her gray hair to go down to Sheol in peace.
All the people mocked him, but Jesus drove out the multitudes, and brought into the child's womb his father and his disciples, with him into the womb.
As you sent me into the world, I also sent them into the world.
Thus says the Bible, Abraham believed in God, and he was justified by God.
Abraham was buried with Abimelech because of this thing, when Abimelech's servants drew near to a spring of water.
The captain of the army of the tribe of the children of Zebulun was Eliab the son of Zebulun.
Moses told to his father-in-law all that Yahweh had done for Israel to Pharaoh, and to the Egyptians, and to all the prisoners who were found in the way, and how Yahweh had saved them.
He said to them, What do you mean by bread? They said to him, Seven loaves and a few fish.
The captain of the pan in the first month was Jashobeam the son of Zabdeel; and in his pan were twenty-four thousand men.
Go, Judah, and see, I have delivered the land into his hand.
I didn't send them, says Yahweh; but they prophesied falsely in my name, so that I drove you out, and all the prophets who prophesied in your name, and they perished together.
It shall happen, when he sees him who is healed standing by them, that he shall have no defense.
Yes, all the nations of the earth shall be blessed, because of your seed, because you have obeyed my voice.
But the devil wants to make me afraid, that he may make me to sin, and that he may prophesy evil against me.
and let my enemies say, I am better than he; and let my enemies rejoice when I fall.
Who is this who comes out of the wilderness, and makes a pillar like a burning fire, and gives it a sweet savor with honey, and with frankincense, and with all the spices of the trade?
I will show myself to them. They shall come forth out of the midst of the fire, but the fire shall consume them. When I show myself to them, you shall know that I am Yahweh.
For I have heard that you have love to the people of God, and faith to the Lord Jesus.
All the people who went on after him cried out with a loud voice, Hosanna, son of David, Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord! Hosanna, the Most High God!
Bring your younger brother to me, and your words shall be quiet, and you shall not die: and they did so.
It happened in the evening, that David rose up from his bed, and went on his way in the king's house: and behold, a woman was bathed, and she was beautiful in the house.
The angel of Yahweh spoke to Joshua, saying,
For there is a condemnation in this world. There is no condemnation in the world, but there is evil in him who condemns.
He said to him, My friend, why don't you wear a robe here?' But he held his peace.
But you have delivered us from our enemies, And made those who hate us ashamed.
But he remembered that they were merely wanderers, a wind that didn't return.
The first wagon was loaded with horses, and the second wagon loaded with horses,
Woe to Jacob! What a great day! It is a day of affliction! But he will be delivered out of his distress.
and the border went up from the mountain to the spring of the waters of Niphuttoah, and went up to the cities of the mountain of Ephron; and the border went up to Barak (the same is Kiriath Jearim);
I keep your words in my heart, That I don't sin against you.
Behold, I will cause a nation to come against you far off, house of Israel, a nation that shall be a great nation, a nation that shall be from ancient times, a nation whose prophecy you shall not understand, neither shall you understand what it says.
Yahweh said to Moses and Aaron, This is the law of the Passover: The Gentiles shall not eat the Passover.
You shall show them these things, and teach them.
Your house and your kingdom shall be established before you forever, and your kingdom shall be established forever.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five male lambs a year old. This was the offering of Elisha the son of Ammihud.
But the Jews persecuted the high and honorable women, and the rulers of the city, and persecuted Paul and Barnabas, and drove them out of the land.
As for the wheels, they are high and strong. The eyes of the four wheels are full of vision.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Who has opened the way of the great waters, Or prepared the way of the captains of thousands?
then you shall bring him to your house; and he shall trim the hair of his head, and trim the hair of his neck;
then hear you in heaven, and in your dwelling place, and forgive, and be reconciled; know their heart, and do to them according to every man's ways (for you know every man's heart),
Behold, I have sent my angel before you, and have kept you in the way, and have brought you to the place which I have prepared.
When you see all these things, behold, the day comes, and there shall not a stone be left here, but a stumbling block and a stumbling block.
He has poured out fire from above, and has entered into my bones, and has sacrificed to me. He has broken my feet with a net, and has turned me backward. He has made me desolate and desolate all the day.
The Gibeonites said, There is nothing wrong with us, nor with Saul, nor with his house, neither shall we kill any of Israel for our sake. David said to him, As you have said, so will I do for you.
I said to the righteous, He shall surely live.' If he draws near to his righteousness to do evil, his righteousness shall not be remembered; but he shall die for his wickedness.
I will give you roots on your face, and flesh on your flesh; and I will cover you with skin, and I will bring life into you, and you shall live; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
But Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun, of the Kinesites, saw it; for they followed Yahweh with all their heart.
They shall know that I, Yahweh their God, am with them; and they shall know that all Israel is my people, says the Lord Yahweh.
Your hand has made me. You have sanctified me. Give me wisdom to learn your commandments.
Every man shall keep the record of that time.
For he knows our condition, And thinks that we are dust.
Save us, Yahweh! Save us, Yahweh!
Everyone who stumbles shall be snared, and everyone who stumbles shall be slain with the sword.
It happened, when Abraham had called the name of the place Yahweh, that it was yet this day, that they were saying, The Lord has prepared it on Yahweh's mountain.
But now I say another thing: if anyone preaches to you the Good News, which you have received, and doesn't do it, he shall be cursed.
Son of man, put forth a parable to the house of Israel, and make a parable;
Moses gave blood to the people, and said, Behold, this is the blood of the covenant, which Yahweh has poured out on you according to all these words.
You shall keep the testimony, and seal up the law among my teachers.
They came to the tomb at the first hour of the morning on the first day of the week.
Peter said to him, Tell me, Are these the only things which you have, that you have not gotten in the field? He said to him, These are the things.
If she has done well, then she shall count for herself seven days, and be clean.
David said, The first against Jebus shall be a prince and a ruler. Joab the son of Zeruiah was first against him, and he was a prince.
They shall bring up against you a multitude, stone you with stones, and strike you with the sword;
and the set bread, and the marrow of the meal offering, and the unleavened bread, and the sour dough that is in the pan, and the fruit of the vine, and the linen, and the rule over the linen and the oil.
Zedekiah king of Judah shall not escape out of the hand of the Chaldeans; but he shall be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon; and he shall speak with him in the mouth; and his eyes shall see his eyes.
It happened, when he had come down from heaven, that there was a great hailstorm, and there were tens of thousands of hailstorms throughout all the earth, that they blasphemed God for the hailstorm, for it was a great disaster.
When they had come to Jericho, there sat by the way a blind man, Bardemai the son of Dimai, a blind man, with a great multitude, when they came out of Jericho.
When the kings came out to Joshua, Joshua called all Israel, and said to the captains of the army who went with him, Come near, and put your feet under the kings. They came near, and put their feet under their neck.
I know your doings, and your faith, that it is not profitable. I love you more than you.
Hear this word, house of Israel, the lamentation which I have spoken concerning you.
It happened in the ninth year, when the kings came out to battle, that Joab brought the army against the land of the children of Ammon, and put Rabbah to sleep: and David abode in Jerusalem: and Joab struck Rabbah, and took it.
This is that he might prove the words of God, which he spoke through the prophets, that I will open my mouth and speak parables, and that I will reveal the past.
Ethiopia and Egypt are the strength that is in vain; Put and the Lubim are your helpers.
They are all pigs and donkeys. The teaching of idols is wood.
The Asherites lived with the Canaanites who lived in the land; for they didn't drive them out.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
He makes the rivers a wilderness, And the springs a dry land.
saying, Many are the well-pleasing women, But you are the most excellent.
Yahweh, your wonders are in the heavens. Your faithfulness is in the assemblies of the holy ones.
The king of the south shall come out in wrath to fight against the king of the north; and the king of the north shall set the battle in array against the army; but the army shall be delivered into the hand of the king of the south.
They were helped, and the Hagrites and the men who were with them delivered into their hand; for they cried to God in the battle, and trusted in God, and he listened to them.
When the fruit is seen, he shall know the evil of the tree. A man can't buy figs out of the thorns, nor ripen grapes out of the thorns.
Refuse the fire, flee from the sword; The young man becomes a mighty man, a mighty man on the right hand, against the army of a foreign nation.
I will cast you into the ground, and let you go down into the field; and I will cause all the birds of the sky to lie on you; and all the animals of the earth shall eat you to the full.
The grace which he gave you to discernment, that they might love you more, and pray for you.
Whoever helps the poor to gain his own gain, And gives gifts to the rich, will be astonished.
I have set myself in order until the morning. He has broken all my bones like a lion. From morning to evening Yahweh has determined to redeem my life.
Abigail came to Nabal, and saw that he had set a feast in the house, as the feast of the king. Nabal's heart rejoiced greatly, because he had sinned very much. Therefore Abigail didn't tell him anything of anything, until the morning.
It happened in the first month, that all the congregation of the children of Israel came to the wilderness of Zin; and the people lived in Kadesh: and there Miljam died, and was buried.
Jeremiah answered Zedekiah, If I tell you, will you not kill me? If I tell you, you will not hear.
Remember, Yahweh, that your enemies will blaspheme you, And fools will profane your name.
Then I will be the God of all the chambers of Israel, says Yahweh; and they shall be my people.
Ben Hadad king of Syria gathered together all his army: thirty-two kings with him, horses, and chariots, went up against him to Samaria.
This life has appeared, and we have seen it, and have testified about it, that you may know the eternal life, which he has revealed to us with the Father.
But the men stretched out their hands, and brought Lot into the house, and shut the door.
I remember your name in the night, Yahweh. I keep your law.
You shall leave the sacrifice before the altar, and you shall go in to your brothers, and you shall return to the sacrifice.
Therefore he has poured out on him the wrath of the authorities, and the snares of the battle: he is like a fire round about him; he doesn't know it; it devours him, and he doesn't repent.
But the chariot driver lives, though his spirit is dead.
He made the boards for the tent of meeting of acacia wood.
A wise man speaks in quietness, More than the head of fools shouts.
From there he went up against the inhabitants of Debir (the name of this Debir was Kiriath Sepher.)
If a man takes his sister, his brother or his sister, and sees her naked, and sees her naked, it is an abomination: they shall be cut off from before the eyes of his people; and he shall bear his iniquity.
When he opened one of the seven passages, I saw, and behold, a living animal was heard, and he said, Come!
Bethany, you have made three covenants in Jerusalem.
He measured his ephah, and there were walls round about, five hundred cubits long, and five hundred cubits broad, for separating the holy and the quiet.
Yahweh made a covenant with them, and commanded them, saying, Don't fear other gods, neither worship, nor serve them, nor sacrifice to them.
Moses cried to Yahweh his God, and said, Why have you been so angry with your people, Yahweh? for you have brought them out of the land of Egypt with great strength and with a mighty hand.
This was the division of their work, to enter into the house of Yahweh, according to the way which Aaron their fathers walked in, according to the commandment of Yahweh, the God of Israel.
It shall happen on the seventh day, that the priest shall examine the plague; and behold, if the seed doesn't thresh, neither shall there be any itch in the midst of the seed, neither shall the appearance of the seed enter into the skin;
Therefore put on all the armor of God which he has given you, that in the day of evil you may stand up against your adversaries, and be steadfast in your defense.
We saw there the Anakim, the great men, the children of the great. As we saw ourselves as locusts, so we saw them.
Then the scribes and the chief priests knew that this parable was with them, and they wanted to lay their hands on him, but they were afraid of all.
When the unrighteous man came, he relied on all the power of Satan, and walked in false signs and wonders.
Escape, you inhabitants of Hazor, and flee far off, and hide yourselves; for Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon has set his face to kill you, and he has set his face against you.
For this cause will I meet with you, says Yahweh, and with your sons and with your daughters.
Are you yet saying before those who kill you, I am God?' But you are a man, and not God, in the hand of those who kill you.
You shall surely let the donkey go, but the young donkey shall you take away: so shall you be blessed, and shall eat long days.
Thus says Yahweh to Judah and to Jerusalem, Go up to your land, and don't plant it in a mound.
The second day the king asked Esther in the midst of the battle, saying, Esther, queen, what have you put on? I will give it to you. What have you asked? One third of the kingdom will be satisfied.
The king of Israel said, Shall we gather these three kings together, that Yahweh may deliver them into the hand of Moab?
Yahweh testified against me, But he didn't deliver me up to death.
He who sows a field will have enough food. He who has no water will be a liar.
Some have a great eye, and their eyes have a great eye.
It happened on the sixth day, that they took a little more than two omer: and all the chiefs of the congregation came and told Moses.
You shall offer no other incense on it, neither burnt offering, nor meal offering, nor drink offering, on it.
For there will be great evil in those days, which have not yet been created by God, and will never again be.
Your loving kindness, Yahweh, is deceived. Teach me your statutes.
So Boaz took Ruth as wife, and she bore him a son, after that Yahweh had made him a son.
But a man is made to be afflicted, and to be like a burning fiery cup.
It happened, while the twelve were eating, that he appeared to them, and rebuked their disobedience and their hardness of heart, because they didn't believe the words of those who saw him and who believed him.
Wealth and honor are from you, and you rule over all things. Out of your hand are power and great power, to exalt, and to exalt the multitude.
Brothers, I have made myself and Apollos for you to speak these things, that you may learn from us that which is written, Don't be proud, neither be honorable, neither despise one of you.
For your wrath is kindled against me, and for your pride your words are come to my ears. I will put my arrows on your nose, and my ephod in your mouth, that you may return from your journey.'
For I say this, that you may be free from blasphemies.
You made the tribe of Levi to come near, and stood before Aaron the priest, that he might minister to him.
He shall take from it a portion of the meal offering, and oil, and all the frankincense that is in the meal offering, and burn it on the altar for a memorial, and shall offer it as a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Then I weighed it, and delivered it into their hand: six hundred talents of silver, and a talent of silver, and a talent of gold,
But whatever he steals, whether a bull, or a donkey, or a sheep, remains in his hand, he shall forfeit it.
Behold, Hanamel the son of Shallum, your scribe, shall come to you, saying, Buy you a horse in the field of Anathoth; for the height of the burnt offering is on you.
When they came out, the Egyptians rejoiced greatly; for the Egyptians were afraid because of them.
For you say, I am rich, and am well-pleasing. I am without blemish;' but you don't know that you are defiled, afflicted, poor, blind, and naked.
The multitude asked him, What shall we do, that we may accomplish God's work?
These peoples honor me with their lips, But their hearts are far from me.
He said to the king, It is true that I have heard of you in the land, and of your wisdom.
Now therefore know for certain that you will die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence in the land where you go.
Thus says Yahweh, You shall remember no old thing, neither shall you think old things.
They shall be like the hair of a woman, And like the hair of a lion.
Write you a letter to all the captivity, saying, Yahweh has spoken concerning Shemaiah the Nehelamite, saying, Because she prophesied to you, I have not sent her, but she has made you trust in a liar;
For the sleeper sleeps in the night, and the drunkard sleeps in the night.
You hide them in secret places from men's counsel. You keep them in secret places from the bite of their tongue.
Yahweh, have you forsaken Judah? Has your heart abhorred Zion? Why have you struck us, that we may not be healed? We hope for peace, but there is no good; We hope for the famine, but there is no fear.
He said to them, Most assuredly I tell you, you will see the heavens open, and the angels of God rising up on the Son of Man.
Philip and Bethlehem; Thomas and Mattai the tax collector; James and Thatdai the sons of Arphaius;
Joseph put them all in custody three days.
Who came from Edom, and from Bozrah to this, in new garments and in mighty armor, and in mighty men of valor? I, a man of righteousness, who has mighty men of valor, says Yahweh of Armies.
Strengthen the weak hands. Strengthen the knees of those who have no strength.
If this man didn't come from God, he would have done nothing like this.
Nevertheless you shall not fall by the hair of one's head.
He will feed his flock like a shepherd. He will stretch out his hand on his lamb, and he will lay it in the womb, and will seek after the fatlings.
I know that you are all right. Your will is not forgotten.
So Job arose, and tore his garments, and shaved his head, and bowed himself to the ground, and worshiped.
For what has he done to you, children of men? What has Yahweh done to you? to walk in righteousness, to show mercy and humility, to walk with your God.
A man strikes my foot, and I go out to him; A man strikes my lips, and I go out to him; A man reproaches me, and spits on me, and I don't hide my face.
All the people honored the apostles, but many refused to meet them.
You do these things, and I don't speak. You think that I am like you, but I will rebuke you, and set all these things before your eyes.
They shall go out after us, until we entice them out of the city; for they shall say, These men flee before us like a bird. Therefore we will flee before them.
Behold, this is the man who doesn't trust in God, but trusts in his own wealth, and stands in the midst of evil.
If a man dies alone, and has no son, and the wife of the dead is a foreigner, then the brother of his husband shall come in to him, and take her for a wife, and be a virgin.
You have shown me the way of my life. You have filled me with joy in your presence.
Woe to the city that is filled with blood! Woe to the city that is full of robbers!
He took some of his blood, and sprinkled some of it on the four corners of the altar, and poured out all the blood on the base of the altar.
When the Lord is revealed, and man doesn't see the signs and wonders of the God, his everlasting power and his gods, if a man sees what he has created, he will know them; therefore there is no reproof.
For he has broken pieces in pieces, but he doesn't laugh, he is unclean to you.
How great is his loving kindness! How beautiful is his beauty! The kingdom of Egypt will make the young men strong, And the new wine will bring forth virgins.
Know that there is a great affliction in the last days of the earth.
He painted the cherubim and the lions, and the palm trees and the borders of the streets of it, according to his vanity.
The king said to me, What do you want? So I prayed to Yahweh of Armies.
Rehob the governor, Shimshai the scribe, and the rest of the men of Dinah, and the Ahuathistekaites, and the Tarpaelites, and the Arabessites, and the Arabessites, and the Babylonians, and the Shushanites, and the Dahabahites, and the Elamites.
All wise men do it with wisdom, But fools prophesy about their own foolishness.
Then they asked the child's father by his hand, that he might give him a name.
These words will be like the womb. These are the Pharisees and the Philistines.
He will say, I am not a prophet, but a farmer. I am a servant to men from the earth.'
He who destroys all the pride of God, He who rebukes every man's heart, That he may be perfect in Christ.
I have departed from my house, says Yahweh, and have forsaken my inheritance, and have delivered the love of my soul into the hand of my enemies.
You shall know that all those who prophesy in the synagogue shall flee away, but one will be rewarded: so shall you flee away, and you shall be rewarded.
The mouth of the cloud was toward the top, and the depth was a cubit; and the appearance of it was like the appearance of a brother, and the breadth of it was a cubit: and in its mouth was a reed; and its ledges were four corners, and they were not of the crown.
For thus says Yahweh: The whole earth shall be desolate; but I will not destroy it to the end.
All nations shall be gathered together, and all men shall be gathered together: who can show this, and show us all the things that were before? let them bring witnesses, and show themselves to be witnesses; or if anyone hears it, he shall say, It is true.
He cried with a loud voice in the streets of the old age, and spoke in the gate of the city, and in the gate of the city,
Then he struck all Judah in the heart, as one man's heart. They sent to the king, and said, Return you, and all your servants.
and you shall sing this song to the king of Babylon, saying, How long shall the oppressed live? How long shall the rebellious live?
I love your words, As a man who has many slain.
On the one board were two sockets, and on the other board two sockets.
and took their gods, and their engraved images, and their treasures of silver and gold, and brought them into Egypt; and he went no more against the king of the north for many years.
It happened, when they heard the word in the thorns, that they went away into the midst of the world's famine, and of the riches, and of the pleasures, so that there was no truth in the word.
It will be the Sabbath on that day. The Sabbath is at hand.
Your commandments are always with me, That I may be wiser than my enemies.
This is also the case now, when a child is born in the Spirit of God in the form of a calamity.
Then his disciples came and said to him, Do you know that the Pharisees have heard you speak such a thing?
As is the appearance of the cloud in the day of rain, So is the appearance of the light round about. When I saw it, I fell on my face, and heard a voice.
He who trusts in engraved images says to the engravers, You are our God. They will be driven away, and they will be disappointed.
When your affliction comes on you, you who dwell in Lebanon, who are under cedars, and your affliction is as of a woman in travail, then will your affliction come on you.
The remnant of the house of Judah, after the calamity, remained under the house: under it grew, and under it yielded fruit.
God said to Abraham, Don't call your wife Sarah Sarah, and her name will be Sarah's.
They also had little fish, but Jesus, when he had given thanks, divided the fish among them.
Praise you, God, above the heavens! Praise your glory above all the earth!
My son, eat honey, for honey is good. The honey that is in the honeycomb is sweet.
But you, Yahweh, are forever. You have made memory to all generations.
Refrain from sin, and pray for it, that it may be well with you. The prayer of the righteous is great.
David was the youngest of them all, and the third followed Saul the most.
It happened about three months after, that his wife also came in, and didn't know what was done.
He has defied kings, and has defied princes, and has laid hold on all the strongholds of his hands. He has laid heaps against them, and has taken them.
Woe to the shepherd who forsakes the flock! The sword shall come on his hand and on his eyes. His hand shall be full of snares, And his eyes shall be darkened with darkness.
I am afraid to come to you, lest I see you as I am, and you as I am, and I lest I see you in division, jealousy, anger, wrath, blasphemies, slanders, slanderers, slanderers, and slanderers.
He didn't send me to baptize, but to preach the Good News. I didn't preach with wisdom, that the cross of Christ might not be justified.
Praise the name of Yahweh! For he has commanded, and all things are made.
They sat on the grass of the wilderness. The mountains were inhabited with gladness.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, twenty bulls, six rams, six male goats, and six male lambs a year old. These were the offerings of the altar, which were offered with oil.
They stayed night and day, and said, The light is in darkness.
Behold, all those who are angry with you shall be disappointed and confounded; and those who burn with you shall be as if they had not been, and shall be consumed.
The city had a great and high wall; and there were twelve gates in the wall; and twelve angels were at the gates: and every gate bore the name of the twelve tribes of the children of Israel.
Therefore I abhor myself. I repent between dust and fire.
Therefore hear the word of Yahweh, you deceitful men, you rulers over the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
Yahweh gave them to Jabin king of Canaan, who reigned in Hazaol: and his captain was Sheshai the captain of the army, who lived in Horosheth of the Gentiles.
The appearance of the locusts is like the appearance of a horse ready to go; and the crown of gold is on its head; and their faces are like the faces of a man.
He keeps the work of every man's hand, That all his work may know his works.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Behold, I will pour out my anger and my wrath on this land, on man and on animal, and on the fruit of the trees of the field and of the ground, as a fire that shall not be heard.
It is better for you not to think that it would be better for one man to die for all, than that all the peoples should perish.
When he had said this, he took bread, and gave thanks to God before all the people, and broke it, and ate it.
Show me your way, Yahweh; For you have guided me in the way of my enemies.
The sun will be darkened in the day of the Lord, In the day of his glory. The moon will be full of blood.
My beloved is mine, and I am his. He feeds his flock in the lilies.
The king of Babylon killed his sons before Zedekiah; and all the princes of Judah he killed at Riblah.
His firstborn bore a secret name: the mother of the prostitution of the earth, and of the abominations of the world, who lived in Babylon.
You who dwell in Moab, depart from these cities, and dwell on the rock, as you were sat on the sand.
Take heed to do all that the God of heaven has commanded, for the house of the God of heaven. Why then does the wrath come on the kingdom of the king and on the kingdom of his sons?
Then the king sent horses, and chariots, and a great army; and they came to the city by night, and stayed there.
As the lily of the hedge, So is my desire among the daughters.
If they don't listen, then will I drive them out of the land, and will drive them out and destroy them, says Yahweh.
Don't say, Why are the days of old longer than the days of old? For your question is not wise.
Woe to them! They die, and to their multitudes! Their treasures are no more, and there is no honor among them!
In that day there will be a vineyard of good fruit. Sing to the vineyard, and say,
There shall be a man before the priest's eyes who shall burn the calf, even the skin, the flesh, the blood, and the dung of it.
Now therefore bring us before Yahweh our God at this time: whatever he says, good or bad, we will all obey his voice; and if we obey the voice of Yahweh our God, we will prosper.
The three brothers of Saul and David, and all Israel, fought against the Philistines in the valley of Elah.
Ahab said to Elijah, Shall you seek me, my enemy? He said to him, I have found you; for you have done that which is evil in the sight of Yahweh.
Ephraim said, Most assuredly I am rich. I have found treasure. I have labored so much that I can't find iniquity, but sin.
Yahweh your God shall deliver him up to you; and you shall kill all his males with the edge of the sword.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Because you are all grown old, behold, I will gather you in Jerusalem.
But when I am raised, I will go before you into Galilee.
It happened on the next day, that the men of Ashdod arose, and behold, they fell on their faces before the ark of Yahweh, and fell on their faces to the ground: and they put the fall on their faces again.
For Yahweh rebukes him whom he loves, As his father rebukes his beloved son.
All the people were praying for him, and they said in their hearts, John is not the Christ.
The high priests of the Jews shall enter into the sanctuary year by year with the blood of the ox and of the sheep; and Christ shall not rebuke himself once and for all.
It happened after the death of Elon, that Abdon the son of Hilai, the Pilate, judged Israel.
He who touches anything that he does shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the evening.
Joshua said, Put away now all the foreign gods that are among you, that you may turn with all your heart to Yahweh, the God of Israel.
Reuben, Gad, Asher, Zebulun, Dan, and Naphtali, these tribes, shall stand on Mount Ebal to curse.
If his seed forsakes my law, And doesn't keep my ordinances;
They defied Uzziah the king, and said to him, Uzziah, it is not you who burn incense, but the sons of Aaron the priest, whom they have made to burn incense: depart from the temple; for you have sinned: Yahweh God will not give you glory in this.
The face of him is like a ruby and an emerald, and the throne is round about him, and he looks up like a ruby.
Moses and Aaron were summoned to Pharaoh. Pharaoh said to them, Go, serve Yahweh your God: but who are these who go, that they may?
For he sees their doings. He throws them down in the night, And they perish.
But when the Jews saw that they were doing it, they were exceedingly perplexed, and persecuted the words of Paul, and blasphemed him.
Blessed and cursed come out of one tongue. This is not acceptable, beloved brothers.
As for you, it is not better for a man to sit on the throne of your letter than that you should be sat on it.
Rejoice, you Zion, and be glad for Yahweh your God; for he has given you the last of the days, for your iniquities, which were before the floods and the floods.
Teach me, and I will hold my peace, And understand what will be wrong in the world.
David said to Michal, This is before Yahweh: he has chosen me over your father, and over all his house, to make me prince over the house of Yahweh, over Israel: therefore will I dance before Yahweh.
Open your mouth for the mute, And sigh for the mute.
Then the woman bore a son, and named him Samson. Yahweh blessed the child greatly.
They hated Moses, and Aaron, who was sanctified by Yahweh, in the camp.
Behold, I have called him Bezalel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah.
Jacob said to Rebekah his mother, No, but the body of my brother Esau has a door, and I am a lamp.
Then Solomon gathered together the elders of Israel, the princes of the tribes, and the heads of the fathers' houses of the children of Israel, to Jerusalem, to bring up the ark of the covenant of Yahweh out of the city of David, which is Zion.
So Solomon lived from Dan even to Beersheba, and all Judah and Israel, every man under the vine and under the fig tree, all the days of his life.
Jesus didn't answer him, but his disciples came to him, and begged him, and said, Throw him away, for he has cried out before us.
I will dwell with you for a little while, and I will be with you for a long time. So that wherever I go, wherever I go, you may send me out.
The pride that doesn't listen to your law is a pit to me.
Then came forth another horse, and he who rode on it would have authority, and would have turned back the peace from the earth, and would have killed him; and he would have a great sword.
Therefore I have made you a desolation and an astonishment to the people; because you have not walked in my word, and have sinned against men in the law.
Though they knew him, yet they didn't honor him, nor give him thanks: their heart was foolishness, and their understanding was filled with darkness.
He who is righteous for me has subdued them under my feet.
He will give you his crown. You will hide yourself in his crown. His faithfulness is the shield of greatness.
In that fifth month a man seeks death, but doesn't find it; and he seeks death, but doesn't find it.
It happened, when the prophet prophesied peaceably, that the prophet's words were confirmed, that he knew that Yahweh had sent the prophet.
Samson awoke at midnight, and rose up in the morning, and broke down the doors of the gate of the city, and the two bars of it, and the bars of it, and put them on the shoulder straps, and brought them up to the top of the hill that is over against Hebron.
when you hear that I have spoken against this place, and against the inhabitants of it, and have made it desolate and cursed, and your heart trembles, and you have humbled yourself before Yahweh, and have torn your clothes, and wept before me; and I have heard it, says Yahweh.
Therefore if I eat anything that causes my brothers to stumble, or my sisters to stumble, I will not eat anything sacrificed to idols, that they may not stumble in faith.
He who goes down is a thief, and he who rises up is a mighty man. He who goes down is a fool, and he who rises up is a mighty man.
Saul fought with the Philistines all his days: and when Saul saw any man of might, or of a mighty man, he gathered himself to him.
Therefore we rejoice in the Lord, whether we dwell in the flesh of the earth, or whether we depart from the flesh.
From the time that we departed from Kadesh Barnea even to the day that we passed over the brook of Shiloh, thirty-eight years, and to the day that all the plagues were consumed in the camp, as Yahweh swore to them,
He who is to be cleansed shall wash his clothes, and purify the door of his tent, and bathe himself in water, and be clean: and afterward he shall enter into the camp; but he shall stay outside of his tent seven days.
You shall not let them dwell in your land, lest they cause you to sin against me: it shall be a snare to you, if you serve their gods.
Now the rest of the acts of Elah, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
The men who died in Benjamin were eighteen thousand; all of them mighty men; and the rest turned back, and fled into the wilderness to the rock of Rimmon.
Who can prolong his life so that he doesn't die, And deliver his soul out of the authority of Sheol? Selah.
Mattathyah the Levite was the firstborn of Shallum the Korahites; and his recompense was the bread of the potter's chamber.
Let your height be above the heavens, God. Let your glory be above all the earth.
No one can deny this honor, but God has appointed it, as Aaron did.
those who keep his covenant, And remember his precepts, And do them.
Therefore, when I come to you, I will give you a greater tax credit, that you may be glorified in Christ Jesus for my sake.
Whoever drinks of it doesn't know it, but goes to him who drinks of it by the river.
The five came into the house of Micah, and took the engraved images, and the priest's ephod, and the ephod, and the engraved images: and the priest said to them, What do you do?
Behold, I will be your enemy, you proud Babylonians; for the time has come that I will punish you, because I have afflicted your day.
The angel of Yahweh stretched out the rod that was in his hand, and saw flesh and unleavened bread; and a fire came out of the rock, and devoured all flesh and unleavened bread. The angel of Yahweh departed, and saw no more.
If the wicked desire to be struck, then the judge shall cause him to be struck on the ground before him, according to his iniquity, and according to his portion.
Both Malun and Kirian died; neither was there a husband nor son in her.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
In the fourth year of Ahab king of Israel began Jehoshaphat the son of Asa to reign over Judah.
That we may be joined to him in Christ, is God, and that he himself has chosen us to be his people.
Our oxen are full of life, and no one enters into the deep. We will not go out to battle, neither will our streets be weeping.
For I am ashamed that I begged the king for a great army and for horsemen to help us in the battle; for we have said to the king, The hand of our God is on all those who ask of him; but his might and his wrath are against all those who forsake him.
Uzziah did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, according to all that Amaziah his father had done.
Shallum the son of Jabesh rebelled against him, and struck him before the people, and killed him, and kept his words.
Why, my son, do you have sexual immorality? Why do you have sexual immorality?
He said, If we have found favor in your sight, give this land to your servant for an inheritance, and don't bring us over the Jordan.
His voice is to show him, And to show animals the greatness of the work which he will do.
Stand outside, and wait for him who weighs you to come out to you.
The king came with Haman to Esther the queen.
Therefore we sent to you Barnabas, and Paul, whom we loved, with all our heart and with all our soul;
Lift up your hands toward the sanctuary, and praise Yahweh.
I saw, and I knew that God didn't send him, but that he himself spoke against me this prophet, and that Tobijah and Sanballat blasphemed him.
Then shall you eat the flesh of the lambs boiled with fire, and the unleavened bread; and you shall eat it with affliction.
His arms are like a golden ring, And his flesh like a reed, And a sapphire stone round about.
It happened in the night, that he said to his rulers, Call the laborers, and give them wages. From the beginning of the laborers they worked, until the beginning of the laborers they did.'
They can't stand with the mighty men who aren't circumcised. These mighty men dwell in dungeons in Sheol. Their heads are in the sword, and their bones are in their iniquity. They have terrorized the mighty in the land of the living.
Therefore the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, the mighty man of Israel, said, Aha! I will cut off my enemies, and make myself more righteous; and I will be avenged on my enemies.
not to those who prophesy deep, but to those who speak with a loud voice, many nations, in which you don't understand, neither do you hear.
It happened on the next day, that all the heads of fathers' houses of the people, the priests, and the Levites, gathered themselves together to Ezra the scribe, to hear the words of the law.
He who is humble sees, and rejoices. Let the heart of the man of God live.
Why do you exalt yourselves so much? For you don't mourn, neither drive out those who do these things out of the midst of you.
The king spoke with them, and there was none like Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, or Azariah among all their people: therefore they did that which was right in the sight of the king.
Yahweh brings forth the wrath of his enemies, And the flocks of peace.
David was very distressed, because they said, Stone should be given to David. They were very distressed for their sons and for their daughters: but David trusted in Yahweh his God, and was established.
I am more righteous than the Jews, And more diligent than the fathers.
There was a certain Pharisee named Neco the wife of a Jew.
I knew that the Levites didn't give them their portion, so that the Levites who bore the charge, and those who sang, went every man to his own land.
I am perfect in him. I myself have not done my evil.
The Son of Man shall surely be delivered into the hand of sinners, that they may be crucified, and rise on the third day.'
Speak to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: Cursed be he who doesn't listen to the voice of this covenant.
Let no blood fall on you in the land which Yahweh your God gives you for an inheritance, so that no blood shall fall on you.
They departed from the mountain of Yahweh, and traveled three days; and the ark of Yahweh went before them three days, and took them to a resting place.
He will keep his holy feet, And cause the wicked to stumble in darkness; For man can't endure without strength.
Who is he who hasn't sought his wife? Let him return to his house, lest he perish, and another man seek him.
For it is written, He has subdued everything under his feet. Yes, he has subdued everything under the feet of Christ.
But the gold, and the silver, and the vessels of brass, shall be separate from Yahweh, and shall be brought into Yahweh's treasuries.
They gave to them the Arabah, and the land that is by the Jordan, from Kinneroth even to the sea of the Arabah, the Salt Sea, and the land of the slopes of Pisgah eastward.
Then the king and Jehoiada gave the money to the men who served in the house of Yahweh: and they took stones, and chariots, and filled the house of Yahweh; and they took iron, and brass, and filled the house of Yahweh.
Your dead body shall be food for the birds of the sky, and for the animals of the earth; and no one shall drive them away.
The heads of the guard, Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard, and Nebuzarathshuban the captain of the guard, and Zechariah the magician, and the officers of the king of Babylon,
When he saw the multitude, he said to his disciples, How hard it is for a rich man to enter into the Kingdom of God!
You shall clothe your waist with sackcloth, and weep with a loud voice for this; for the wrath of Yahweh will not turn away from us.
It happened the second time, as he went away, that Joseph was revealed to his brothers. Therefore Pharaoh knew the family of Joseph.
He said to them, Is this your son, who was born blind? Why do you see him?
If it is a wall, we will cast silver on it. If it is a door, we will put cedar beams on it.
They also ruled over those who had possessions, and over all those who did all the work, whatever they did: and the Levites had their lords: they were rulers, rulers, and keepers of tabernacles.
Now Hanamel, my avenger, has brought me to counsel me according to the word of Yahweh; and he said to me, Buy the field of Anathoth, which is in the land of Benjamin; for the inheritance and the dominion of it is yours; and I know that it is the word of Yahweh.
The gates of Judah were broken. On that day you saw the armor of the armies.
Yahweh said to Moses, Be a flaming serpent, and keep it on the ephod. He who sees it will live, and he who sees it will see it.
They mocked him, and beat him.
It shall happen, when Israel does deceit, that the Levites shall depart far from me, who do deceit, from after their idols; and they shall bear their iniquity.
Ephraim spoke, and they trembled. He sat on high in Israel: but he sinned in Baal, and died.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
according to the number of the people, according to the shekel of the sanctuary, five shekels; (the shekel is twenty-gerahs);
Eliakim, Shebna, and Joah, the sons of Hilkiah, spoke to Rabshakeh, saying, Please speak with your servants with the words of Syria; for we have heard it; don't speak with us with the words of Judah, that the people of the wall may hear it.
The Pharisees went out from the synagogue, and began to consult with Herod about what might be done to him.
I thank you and praise you, God of my fathers, For you have given me wisdom and power: Now have you shown me what we have asked of you; For you have shown us king's things.
The anointed priest shall take some of the blood of the bull, and bring it to the Tent of Meeting.
It happened, while they were burying the dead, that when they saw that the multitude was gathered together, that they cast the dead into the tomb of Elishah: and when the dead had touched the bones of Elishah, they rose up and stood.
He saved us not for our good works, but for his mercy. He saved us through the baptism of the firstborn, and through the word of the Holy Spirit.
Yahweh is my mountain, My stronghold, Who saves me.
So he put the people at ease, the army that was on the north, and the army that was on the west; and Joshua went into the valley that night.
When the Lamb opened the second seal, I heard the second living creature saying, Come!
Azariah the son of Nathan was chief; Zabbut the son of Nathan priest; and he was the king's friend;
Whoever curses his father, or his mother, his lamp shall be exalted in the darkness.
The messenger came and said, Thus says Ben Hadad, I will send to you, that you may deliver to me your money, and your gold, and your wife, and your sons and your daughters.
For the four Levites bore their burdens on the heads of the doors of the gates, and on the chambers of the house of Yahweh, and on the treasures of it.
You taught me, God, from my youth. Now I proclaim your wonders.
The Lord gave a word to the house of Jacob, and the word came to the children of Israel.
Daniel said to the king, Long live the king.
You have enlarged the land which my feet tread on, And my feet have not fallen.
You shall burn the city with fire, after you have taken it; and you shall do according to the word of Yahweh: and behold, I command you.
I am a wandering sheep. Bring your servant again, For I don't forget your commandments.
Then the king commanded Jeram the king, and Shelaiah the son of Asherah, and Shelemiah the son of Abilene, to carry away captive Baruch the scribe, and Jeremiah the prophet; but Yahweh brought them up.
I will always give thanks to you. I will praise your name forever.
I took off my robe, and said, God remove everyone who doesn't do this word from his house, and from his inheritance, as he has done. All the congregation said, Amen, and praise Yahweh. The people did as it was written.
He who sanctifies his life shall have it, and he who sanctifies his life shall have it.
I was a preacher, and I was king over Israel in Jerusalem.
then the kings, and the king's relatives, and the throne of David, and they, and their relatives, and the Jews, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and the chariots, and the horses; and they came into the gate of this city; and the city shall be for ever.
When his relatives heard it, they went out to steal it; for they said that his spirit was dead.
You, God of Israel, confirm what you have spoken to David your servant, my father.
Let them all hope in me, that they may be saved; for I am Yahweh, and there is none else.
Peter answered him, Lord, if it be you, command me to go to you in waters.
He who instructs the wise, he will be wiser. He who teaches the righteous, he will be wiser.
If Yahweh does a new thing, and opens the mouth of the earth, and swallows them up, and all that they have, and causes them to live to fall to Sheol; then you shall know that these men despise Yahweh.
My hand has taken the treasures of the nations, as the carcass of a bird. I have gotten the whole earth, as the carcass of two forsaken birds. There is no snare, nor open mouth, nor cry.
Don't seek peace for evil-doers, Neither be puffed up for evil-doers.
You don't know the way of the wind. You don't know how the bones are broken in the womb. So you don't know the work of the dead God.
Then Jesus said to his disciples, If anyone desires to follow me, let him put away his cross, and follow me.
For he who is righteous is one who praises the Lord, and not one who boasts.
Many followed him, because they saw the signs of his healing.
I will scatter them among the nations, a nation which neither they nor their fathers knew; and I will cause the sword to pursue them, until I have consumed them all.
The priest shall make atonement for the congregation of the children of Israel; and they shall be forgiven; for it is a trespass; and they shall bring their offering before Yahweh for their trespass, the burnt offering of Yahweh, and the sin offering of the sin offering of the children of Israel.
Some of the scribes sat there, and spoke in their hearts, saying,
You shall not have a prostitute among the children of Israel; neither shall you have a prostitute among the children of Israel.
It happened on the third day, that Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw the place afar off.
The lord said to him, It is good, and it is good, my servant, that you have set you over ten cities, though you were small in stature.
See therefore your ways with all your heart, and don't be ignorant, but be wise.
Yahweh spoke by the prophet Jeremiah to Babylon, and to the land of the Chaldeans, saying,
My heart is greatly troubled. How long, Yahweh, will you save me?
I took a morsel of bread, and gave it to you for a token of thanksgiving, and went away: and when you came to us, accept the way of your servants. They said, Do according to your word.
Why do you stand far off, Yahweh? Why do you hold your peace in our distresses?
Paul took Silas away, and the brothers gave them up to the grace of the Lord.
John said to him, Rabbi, we have seen a man casting out demons in your name. We have halted him, because he has not followed us.
For concerning them Yahweh said, They shall surely die in the wilderness: therefore there was not a man left, except Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun.
They pursued our steps like a scourge, so that we could not walk in our streets: our end is near, and our days are fulfilled; for our end is near.
He will have from the army of Judah thirty thousand shields and spears; and from Benjamin twenty thousand shields and bows; all of them mighty men of valor.
Don't abhor us for your name's sake, Nor profane your throne of glory. Remember us, And don't break your covenant with us.
The angel of Yahweh came to Ophrah, and sat under the oak of Joash of the tribe of Abiezer: and Gideon the son of Joash was grazing in the winepress, and didn't want Midian to see it.
Therefore I struck you, and hurt you; for your iniquities caused you to stumble.
You shall not depart from the border of your fathers, which they encamped.
But if a wicked man ceases from his wickedness, and does that which is right and right, he will give life to his soul.
But the debtor stood far away, and lifted up his eyes to heaven, and didn't turn, but cried out, God, forgive me this sinner.'
In the eighteenth year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah began Joram the son of Ahab to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned twelve years.
I am Yahweh your God, who brought you up out of the land of Egypt, to give you the land of Canaan, and to be your God.
So the world will not boast before God.
I call on you, Yahweh; for the fire devours the pastures of the wilderness, and the fire consumes the trees of the field.
They took away the foreign gods out of the midst of them, and served Yahweh. Yahweh's heart was troubled because of the children of Israel.
He who opens his eyes to adversity brings sorrow, But he who speaks foolishly will perish.
As for the ten horns, which he will raise up ten kings out of the land, there shall be another king raised up, and he shall set three kings before him.
Woe to the afflicted man in the daytime! Woe to the man of joy in his heart!
It happened in the morning, that the chief priests and the elders of the people conspired together against him to kill him.
David arose out of the ground, and washed his body, and anointed himself, and put on his clothes, and entered into the house of Yahweh, and worshiped, and returned to his house. He commanded that they should set something before him, and he ate.
Jehoahaz prayed to Yahweh; and Yahweh listened to him; for he saw that the children of Israel were oppressed, even the king of Syria, who oppressed them.
Nebuchadnezzar brought the vessels of the house of Yahweh to Babylon, and set them in the house of Babylon.
This is the law which Moses set before the children of Israel;
Now Jehoiah was chief among the children of Hebron, according to the generations of his fathers, in the twelfth year of the reign of David, in Jaiel of Gilead, finding great men of valor among them.
Therefore command the guard to keep the tomb until the third day, that his disciples not steal his body, and that they tell the people, He has risen from the dead.' If so, then the deceit will be greater than the first.
Are we yet little in the sins of Bohol? Though the pestilence has come on the assembly of Yahweh, To this day we are not clean.
You shall not take away the border that was set before you; neither shall you deepen the field of the fatherless.
God will judge among the nations for a multitude of peoples. They will strike their swords into the snares, and their spears into the snares. This nation shall not use the sword against the nation, neither shall they learn war any more.
It was a day of darkness and darkness, a day of thick clouds and darkness, like a thicket of briers covering a mountain: and there was a great and strong people, a people that had not been able to do so until now, and to this day there was no such thing.
that you may strike them, and your feet in the blood of their enemies, and your dogs in the blood of their blood.
From the base of the earth to the base of the ephod, two cubits high, and a cubit low; from the base of the earth to the base of the earth, four cubits high, and a cubit high.
Mordecai went on his way before the guard every day, wanting to know whether Esther had peace, and what might be with her in the future.
For you didn't serve Yahweh your God with a glad heart and with a glad soul for your wealth.
You shall make the poles of acacia wood, and overlay them with gold.
He let out another fox, that he might see the waters flowing out of the earth before them.
You shall tell the people, Make yourselves holy, and prepare yourselves to eat flesh tomorrow; for you shall weep, that Yahweh may hear you saying, Who shall give us flesh to eat? for we are well in Egypt. Therefore Yahweh will give you flesh to eat.
He shall delight himself in the fear of Yahweh: he shall not judge with his right eye, neither shall he judge with his left ear,
The disciples asked him, Teacher, when will these things happen? And what is the sign that these things will happen?
Abraham was one hundred seventy-five years old when he began to reign.
The boards were ten cubits long by ten cubits broad, and ten cubits broad.
They will roar like a mighty lion, Like a young lion roaring.
Don't you lift up your eyes, And don't you slumber when you lift up your eyes, And will you be their spoil?
He who lies with a thief hates his own life. He hears a stumbling block, and doesn't speak.
Speak to them, every body of your seed that shall be desolate, and come to the sanctuaries of the children of Israel, which they have sanctified to Yahweh, shall be cut off from me: I am Yahweh.
They said, Come, and let's drink, and let's drink, and let's drink, until we have sinned. Tomorrow will be like this day, with great joy and without recompense.
For we heard him saying, This Nazarene Jesus will destroy this temple, and will change the statutes which Moses spoke to us.'
Whoever is with Christ is a new creation. All things have passed away from him, and are become new.
God was angry with them, and killed the mighty among them, and struck the young men of Israel.
The chariots of God are thousands of thousands. The Lord is in them as in Sinai, In a holy place.
If he doesn't first bring it to the door of the Tent of Meeting before the tent of Yahweh, and offer it as a present to Yahweh, and pour out the blood on the man, he shall pour out the blood, and he shall be cut off from his people.
I will not take any of your things, even the smallest of them, and the smallest of them; lest you say, I have given Abram wealth.'
We have comforted and comforted you, that your walk might be made perfect, and that he may call you into his Kingdom and into his glory.
Bring also cedars and cedars and cedars from Lebanon to me; for I know that your servant has taken the cedars from Lebanon; and behold, my servant shall be with your servant.
When the Philistines had come, they encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
Then they were not able to eat, because the priests who were cleansed were not able to afford them, and the people were not gathered together to Jerusalem.
Behold, I set before you this day life and good, death and evil.
In those days, when king Oziah reigned, I saw the Lord sitting on the highest throne, and his garments falling down on the temple full of holy things.
I set my heart to preach the Good News in a land where I have not heard the name of Christ, that there may be no good in the work of others.
If I speak, my sorrow endures forever. If I hold my peace, will my sorrow depart from me?
For the Spirit sanctified them in Asia, and they passed through the land of Pharaoh and Galilee.
Shall he trust in him, because he is strong? or shall he give him your abominations?
If your brother is poor, and has lost his inheritance, then his relatives shall come and redeem his brother's loss.
Ride on horses, and ride on horses. Stand up in the head, and take your spears, and put on armor.
His people also came to him. They drank of all kinds of water.
Then the house wept the second time. Peter thought to Jesus, and said to him, The house wept the second time, and you wept the third time.
The appearance of a car is like the appearance of a chariot: its love, its ornaments, its lords, and its horns, are great.
When they had made an end of seeking, they took the money, and brought it to the apostles.
So then, when she is raised, will she be a wife among them? For the seven will take her.
The pins of it were six, and three pins were on the one side of the lampstand, and three pins on the other side of the lampstand;
The angel of Yahweh didn't show himself to Manoah, nor to his wife; but Manoah knew that he was the angel of Yahweh.
You give them eyes to eat. You give them many eyes to drink.
The wickedness of my feet has overtaken me. In these days of affliction I am not afraid.
Cry aloud, Yahweh! Turn your ear, and hear, you inhabitants of Karib! Ah, Anathoth, afflicted and afflicted!
Don't let your heart be wrathful, For anger is in the heart of fools.
He took the gold, and the silver, and the vessels, and the treasures of the king's house, which Obed-Edom had kept in the house of Yahweh; and he took men, and bound them, and returned to Samaria.
It happened after these things, that the woman, the lord of the house, was sick, and very sick, so that there was not a member of her body.
The chiefs took the horsemen's bridles, and other precious stones, to give to the ephod and to the breastplate.
The days come, says Yahweh, that I will raise up the righteous horn of David: and he shall rule as king, and do wisdom, and do justice and righteousness on the earth.
Yahweh has opened his army, and lifted up his wrath out of his mouth; for the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, has done that which is right in the land of the Chaldeans.
The terrors have turned to me. They have taken away my glory like the wind. My blessing is like a cloud.
He said to them, The Sabbath is ordained for men, and not for men to be made for the Sabbath.
Now therefore, my sons, listen to me, and listen to the words of my mouth.
He cried with a loud voice, Jesus, the Son of the Most High, have you come to intercede for me? I have called on you in the name of God. Don't chastise me.
Yahweh said to Moses, Stretch out your hand toward the sky, and make the land of Egypt dark; and the darkness of it shall be dark, so that it shall not be touched.
But I didn't cut him in pieces for any of his sins which he should have committed. I sent him to Caesar, knowing that he had been executed by the king.
Moses and Aaron went out from Pharaoh; and Moses cried to Yahweh for the fig tree which he had sent to Pharaoh.
Then Nebuchadnezzar the king gathered the governors, and the scribes, and the scribes, and the scribes, and the scribes, and the scribes, and the scribes, and the psalmists, and the psalmists, and the psalmists, and the rulers of the provinces, and gave them to the king Nebuchadnezzar, that he might do the vow
Then he will be circumcised, and the circumcision is a sign, that God will consider him righteous before he was circumcised, because he believed. Therefore God will consider him righteous from those who were not circumcised, saying, Abraham was their father.
I have made you as a chariot of Pharaoh's.
You preserve me before me. You lay your hand on me.
Don't think, I will repay the wicked. Wait for Yahweh, and he will deliver you.
The servant went and told his lord these things. The lord said to his servant, Go out into the streets of the city, and seek the poor, the sick, the blind, and the lame.'
It happened, when David returned to bless his household, that Michal the daughter of Saul came out to meet David, and said, The king of Israel has a great glory this day: the handmaid is in the sight of the servants of his servants this day, as a man who has no fear of his handmaid.
I have heard many of these words. All of your comforts are a stumbling block.
The woman of that house covered her mouth with sackcloth, and washed her face, and she didn't receive her education.
saying, I will go up to the country of the villages, and to the people who remain in peace; and the place where they dwell shall not be walled, nor gated, nor left;
Yahweh, my God, I trust in you. Deliver me from all those who pursue me, and deliver me.
Hanun cut off the teeth of the servants of David by a cubit; and he ripped off his clothes from among them to the uttermost parts of the earth, and sent them away.
The king of the north shall enter into the kingdom of the king of the south; but he shall return to his place.
He reigned, and was eighty years old, and didn't depart from the temple, but fasted day and night, praying to God.
You shall make two cherubim of gold, and shall make them of beaten work, and shall put them on the two ends of the mercy seat.
He lifted up his eyes, and looked at his disciples, and said, Blessed are you, poor and needy, for the Kingdom of God is yours.
For Abraham was praying for the city which God had made, that it might be built.
If your eyes were bright, the whole body was dark; and if the light of your chamber was dark, the darkness was darkness.
There was evening and there was morning, three days.
He said to him, I am very fervent in the sight of Yahweh, the God of Armies, because the children of Israel have forsaken your covenant, and destroyed your altars, and slain your prophets with the sword: I have left only one man, who seeks my life, and seeks to kill me.
Jehoshaphat had much wealth and honor, and became a close relative to Ahab.
Their works are written in their heart, according to the word of the law; and their heart is faithful; for their hearts rebuke themselves, and they prophesy for themselves.
He who doesn't understand the truth of the Kingdom of Heaven shall be as he who planted it by the road. When the devil comes, he takes it away from his heart.
When they came to Samaria, they killed all who were left of Ahab in Samaria, and destroyed them all, according to the word of Yahweh, which he spoke to Elijah.
Don't forsake me in my old age. Don't forsake me in my strength.
(for the Athenians, and the foreigners who dwell there, love to speak, and to hear the new things, and to be forgotten);
Oh that there was no child that night! Oh that there was no cheer among them!
When Uzziah was strong, his heart was lifted up, and he was destroyed, and rebelled against Yahweh his God; for he entered into the house of Yahweh, to burn incense on the altar of incense.
In the midst of the foolish young men, I saw with my eyes a young man who was untrained,
For it is written, If a man desires to live, and to pass over the days of good, he shall be bound to speak evil with his mouth, and shall not speak lies.
I will give my portion, and answer, And set my cause in order.
The king drank of wine, and anointed himself with the most excellent oil; but he didn't bear for Joseph's ruin.
So all the blood of the prophets from the creation of the world will be poured out on you,
The rest of the meal offering shall be Aaron's and his sons'; it is the most holy of the offerings made by fire to Yahweh.
The sun has the sun's light, and the moon has the moon's light, and the stars have the stars; and the light of the stars is not like it.
If my father has anything to do with you, I will tell you to go in peace, and if not, Yahweh will punish Jonathan. Yahweh be with you, as he was with my father.
Then said Sheshai to him, Stand at the door of the Tent, and if anyone comes to inquire of you, and says, Is there a man with you? Then said you to him, No.
The children of Israel who lived in Jerusalem rejoiced greatly, and kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days: and the Levites and the priests blessed Yahweh day and night, and blessed Yahweh with their marvelous instruments.
It happened, when Samuel was old, that he appointed his sons to be judges over Israel.
Simeon had fifty cubits; and the pillars of the pillars were ten; and the hooks of the pillars and their fillets were of silver.
Praise Yah! Praise the name of Yahweh, you servants who serve in Yahweh's house.
His children are glorified, but he doesn't know. They are brought low, but he doesn't know.
Yahweh, don't you remember what I will do? Will you remember forever? Don't you hide your face from what I will do?
and with him Abijab the son of Ahizboam, of the tribe of Dan, a skilled artist and a skilled craftsman, adorned with blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen.
This is not to say that we have no power to compel you, but that we may be your counselors, that you may know our ways.
Out of them, they are the blind who seek the blind; and if the blind seek the blind, they both fall into the pit.
David asked again of God, and God said to him, Don't pursue after them; but go from side to side against them on the palm trees.
He shall turn the heart of his father toward his son, and the heart of his son toward his father; that I not curse this land.
He said to them, I will depart from you, and you will seek me, and you will die for your sins. You can't go to my place where I am going.
David took Abigail, and brought her things; and he said to her, Return to your house in peace; and behold, I have heard your words, and have done according to your words.
Moses was exceedingly angry, and said to Yahweh, Don't subdue what they offer. I will not give them a donkey, nor one man to hurt them.
The men of Joab, and the men of Chereth, and the men of Bereth, and all the mighty men, went out after Abishai, and went out from Jerusalem, and pursued after Sheba the son of Bichri.
The labor of the righteous shall lead to life, But the strife of the wicked shall lead to sin.
You shall hear no more violence in your land, nor destruction in your land; but you shall call your wall a deliverer, and your gates a praise.
They lay on every altar as a shield, And drink the wine of those who persecute them in the house of their God.
The scribe answered, There has not been a man like this since the days of old.
In the day that he anointed the altar, the princes of Israel shall do that which is anointed on the altar: twelve silver platters, twelve silver platters, and twelve gold platters;
Laban said to him, If I have found favor in your sight, stay with me; for I know deep down that Yahweh has blessed me for your sake.
They shall confess their sin which they have sinned, and shall recompense it to the man of his trespass which he has trespassed against, five times more than the house of their trespass which they have trespassed against.
It happened, when the children of Israel cried to Yahweh, that Yahweh raised up one of them, Ehud the son of Gera, the Benjaminite, who was slain by the hand; and the children of Israel sent him an offering to Eglon king of Moab.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
The children of Israel traveled, and encamped in the plains of Moab, beyond the Jordan, over against Jericho.
If the young lady, while she was yet in her father's house, made a vow to Yahweh, and made a covenant to herself,
Who knows that the cloud of man goes up above, And the cloud of animals falls on the earth?
When Yahweh saw that he turned and looked, God said to him out of the thorns, Moses, Moses. He answered, Here am I.
Is it from the sea, or from the islands? Or have you set a commandment for me?
But Sihon didn't believe Israel, nor let them pass through his border: and Sihon gathered all his people together, and encamped against Israel in Jahaz.
Your commandments are truthful. They have persecuted me without cause. Help me.
They are shepherds, for they feed livestock. They bring flocks, herds, and all that they have.'
The thorns said to the trees, If you shall surely make me king over you, then you shall hide yourself in my shadow: and if not, let the fire go out from the thorns, and devour the cedar trees of Lebanon.
When they had told Peter all these things, he followed them, preaching to them from the east to the west the word of the Holy One, which can't be destroyed, eternal salvation. On the first day of the seventh day Jesus rose again, and appeared to Mary Magdalene. He had cast out seven arks before him.
But Jonah arose, and wanted to flee to Tarshish, and to flee from Yahweh; and he went down to Joppa, and found a boat to go to Tarshish: and he made him flee for money, and he sailed with them to Tarshish, and to flee from Yahweh.
They built on this foundation of gold, and on silver, and on precious stones, and on wood, and on thorns, and on fir trees.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, When I brought forth your fathers out of the land of Egypt out of the house of bondage, and made a covenant with them, saying,
They committed adultery in Egypt, even adultery in the youth; and there they gave their milk, and there they took the breasts of her virginity.
He made the curtains of darkness round about, the waters that were gathered together, and the clouds that were in the sky.
He lifts up his voice, and shines. His eyes are like the eyes of the morning.
You shall not sacrifice to Yahweh your God any sick animal, or any kind of animal of iniquity; for it is an abomination to Yahweh your God.
There was a strong tower in the city; and all the people of the city fled, both men and women, and shut the doors, and built the tower.
Go and tell David, Thus says Yahweh, I have given you three things: choose one of them, and I will do them to you.
How much more, Yahweh, the God of Armies, did you provoke to anger from the prayer of your people?
Zion stretched out his hand, and there was none to comfort him: and concerning Jacob, Yahweh had sent a commandment, and made the people who were round about him his enemy; and Jerusalem was among them as uncleanness.
I will go there, and you shall know where I am going.
When the prisoner received the commandment, he shut them up, and put them in the prison, and bound their feet in sackcloth.
For the fool will speak foolishly, and his heart will do evil, and will commit a blasphemy, and will speak falsely against Yahweh, that the hungry may eat nothing, and the thirsty may drink no water.
besides their servants and their handmaids, seven thousand three hundred thirty-seven; and those who sang, two hundred.
The pledge of the temple shall not be increased; for the pledge has been given to the Gentiles, and they shall tread down the temple forty-two months.
because they didn't listen to my voice, which I spoke to my servants the prophets, rising up early and sending them; but you didn't listen, says Yahweh.
You shall measure out the suburbs of the city, which you give to the Levites, round about the city, one thousand cubits.
Be taught, Jerusalem, lest my heart be with you, lest I make you a desolation, a land in which no man dwells.
But if you only give thanks in your heart, and the congregation doesn't know what you are saying, why does he say with all his heart, Amen?
Uzziah took a great army, and went out to war, according to the number of Jeiel the scribe and Maaseiah the prince, by the hand of Hananiah the captain of the army of the king.
John answered, He who has two garments, let him give to him who doesn't have one; and he who eats food, let him do so.
When he was about to send them into the camp, he said to the captain of the guard, Do I have a word to tell you? The captain of the guard said, Do you know the words of Hera?
Esau said to Jacob, I am very weary. Please give me this leaf, that I may eat. Therefore Esau's name was called Edom.
Moses said to the people, Remember this day, when you come out of the land of Egypt from the house of bondage; for Yahweh has brought you out of it with a mighty hand. You shall eat no bread of it.
But he said, Let the little ones come to me, and don't hinder them, for as the little ones do, so they will become a people of the Kingdom of Heaven.
Jacob's sons were defiled for his sister, and came to the slain, and took their cities.
For the earth trembled, because of the noise of their destruction. They cried out with a loud voice to the Red Sea.
Thus says his mother, because of the fear of the Jews, because they have a covenant. If anyone believes that Jesus is the Christ, let him go out of the synagogue.
These are the sons of Obed-Edom: they, and their sons, and their brothers, all of them mighty men of valor, able to do great works, and sixty-two men, born to Obed-Edom.
Rebekah said to Jacob his son, Behold, I heard your father tell your brother Esau,
The servants of the king of Syria said to him, The God of Israel is the God of the mountains; therefore they are more than we; but if we fight with them in peace, we are more than we.
So the elders brought them to his house, and took his donkey, and they washed their feet, and ate.
The strangers who live in my house, and my handmaids, have shown me to be foreigners; and they have shown me to be foreigners.
For he walked in the way of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, and he walked in the sins of the children of Israel, and provoked Yahweh, the God of Israel, to anger with false idols.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were sixty-two thousand seven hundred.
He who loves his own life will sanctify it. He who doesn't seek his own life in this world will keep it for eternal life.
The king said to Esther the queen, The men of Judah have killed five hundred men in Shushan the city, and ten sons of Haman: and what is this that is done in all the provinces of the king? what have you put on? I will give it to you; and what have you asked? I will make it to you.
The priests the Levites cleansed themselves, and the people, and the gates of it, and the walls of it.
There they stayed until Herod passed by; that the Lord might confirm the words of the prophets, that I would bring forth my son out of Egypt.
For my own sake, and for David my servant's sake, I will preserve this city, and deliver it.
For I have not done evil in the word of Yahweh, but have departed from my God.
Then the men who carried them carried away their captivity and their spoil from them, and left them before the princes and the congregation.
I will pour out my wrath on you, and I will blow on you the fire of my wrath; and I will deliver you into the hand of a cruel and cruel man.
Behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that I will break your hand, and the hand of your father's house, so that there shall be no old man in your house.
You shall give to Yahweh a portion of your inheritance for a holy convocation: twenty-five thousand reeds, and a thousand reeds; all his border round about shall be holy.
This shall be for all the males who shall enter into the house of Yahweh, who shall be three years old and upward, all who shall come into the house of Yahweh, according to their number, day by day, to minister to them according to their divisions.
Saul sent him wherever he went; and David prospered greatly: and Saul made him captain of the army; and the people and Saul's servants considered it good.
It will happen in that day, Jerusalem, that your border will be broadened, when the days of your wall will come to an end.
the owl, the owl, the owl,
Their father gave them many possessions, gold, and silver, and precious things, and the fortified cities of Judah: but he gave the kingdom to Joram, because he was firstborn.
You shall take the small piece of this incense, and make it sweet, and put it before the ark of the testimony which is in the tent of meeting; and I will be there with you: it shall be most holy to you.
They said to the prophet, There shall be no vision of the vision of the prophet. They said to the prophet, Don't speak to us upright words; speak to us empty words, falsehood.
Shall the earth be forsaken for you because of your wrath, And the rock be lifted up above the earth?
Stand at the gate of Yahweh's house, and prophesy there of these words, saying, Hear the word of Yahweh, everyone who is of Judah, who enters into the gates to worship Yahweh.
Israel has forsaken it. The adversary pursues it.
If I judge a man, my judgment is the foundation of my judgment; for I don't judge myself, but the Father who sent me judges with me.
They did his signs in the midst of their enemies, And did wonders in the land of Ham.
Before the Sabbath came, David arose, and went out with his men, and struck two hundred Philistines: and David took the king's skins; and they gave to the king the full amount, that he might be the king's son-in-law. Saul took Michal his daughter, and gave her to David for a wife.
He said to them, Go, see what you see, and what you hear from John, the blind, and the lame, and the unclean, and the sick, and the dead, and the poor, who can hear the Good News.
The king of Assyria ate the words of Maacah, his mother's brother, because he had made abominable images for Assyria. Asa took his images, and burned them by the brook Kidron.
Yahweh of Armies will keep them; they shall devour their enemies, and tread down the stones which they have cast away; and they shall drink and shout, as they drink wine; and they shall be as a snare, as the horns of the altar.
They sought you, Yahweh, in their trouble. Your border came on them, and they prayed to you with their whole heart.
Your wrath has surrounded me. You have destroyed me with your terror.
Elijah went out from there, and found Elisha the son of Shaphan, and he went into the field: and there were twelve oxen before him, and he drove twelve. Elijah passed by, and put his clothes on him.
Therefore you shall present a present to Meresheth. The house of Achip will deal treacherously with the kings of Israel.
His father and his wife shall take him, and carry him out, and bring him to the elders of the city, at the gate of his place;
The gold, and the silver, and the brass, and the iron, shall not be numbered; but rise up, and do it: Yahweh be with you.
I will surely bless you, And increase your seed to you.
and not in heaven, but, As you say, Who came up for us into heaven, and brought us here, that we might hear and do it?'
The earth was made in the world, and the world was made in the world, but the world didn't know it.
Surely there are with you poor men, but I am not with you always.
So king Solomon did all the service of the house of Yahweh: and Solomon brought in the offering of David his father, and put silver, and gold, and vessels, in the vessels of the house of Yahweh.
Moreover I command you to do so to the elders of Judah, and to bring them help to the house of God, to borrow the king's money out of the banks of the River, and to give it to them for a treasury, that they not bear it.
The trees said to the fig tree, Come, and reign over us.'
Therefore don't pray for this people, neither cry out for them, nor ask me for them; for I will not listen to you.
Afterward there came up seven oxen, very small, very poor, and very small: I have not seen them in all the land of Egypt.
Balak said to Balaam, You shall not curse them, nor bless them.
We, the daughters of our fathers, worshiped with zeal day and night, and hoped for this hope. For this hope I testified against the Jews, O king.
He will open his eyes and rejoice. He will rejoice and sing. The glory of Lebanon, Carmel and the beauty of Shalon, will come to him. They will see the glory of Yahweh, and the mystery of our God.
The righteous dwells in the presence of the wicked, As in a defiled well that runs on a whirlwind.
It will happen, when the dead are turned into dead, and the dead to become dead, that the death which is written will be sown on the land.
The righteous inherit the house of the wicked, And know that the wicked will fall until they are consumed.
The sons of Jacob answered Shechem, and Hamor his father, with lies, because he had defiled Dinah, their sister.
He knew their palaces, and made their cities a desolation, because of the noise of their cries, and because the whole land was desolate, and all that was therein.
Bring the curser out of the camp, that the hearer may lay his hands on his head; and all the congregation shall stone him with stones.
But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, Surely this man went to be cast into the ark of Bezebul the king.
I call my servant, but he doesn't answer. I will seek him with my mouth.
What do you mean, that you judge other servants? They stand still, and fall; their masters will respect them; and they will stand, because the Lord will help them.
You have made us to enter into the dungeon. You have laid the net on us.
For Yahweh our God has brought us out, and our fathers out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage, and has done great signs in our sight, and has preserved us in all our ways, and in all the countries where we have gone.
Then I asked the angel who spoke with me, What are these? He answered me, These are the horns that have scattered Judah, Israel, and Jerusalem.
So all the children of Israel went out, and Joseph gave them their chariots, and the food that was in the midst of you, according to the commandment of Pharaoh,
They taught in Judah in the book of the law of Yahweh, and went through all the cities of Judah, and taught the people.
He who has ears to hear, let him hear.
But let us write to them, saying, You shall eat no unclean thing, neither shall you sexually immoral, neither shall you eat anything made of blood.
When she had finished speaking these words, she returned, and called her sister Mary, and she said to her, The teacher is come, and he is calling you.
For there they set the throne of judgment, even the throne of the house of David.
You have abhorred the covenant of your servant. You have blotted out his crown on the earth.
I will set a shepherd over them, and he will feed them, even David my servant. He will feed them, and be their shepherd.
There came a man of fugitives, and told Abram the Hivite: and Abram lived in the land under the oak of Mamre the Amorite: and Mamre, Eshcol, and Aner were brothers, and they were with Abram.
Now the rest of the acts of Omri, and his might, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
Awkward gold! Awkward gold! The stones of the sanctuary shall be cast into every street.
This is a precious stone to those who believe, but to those who don't believe it is a stone that has become a stumbling block, a stone that has been forsaken by evil.
But if a woman is quiet, and has faith, and has love, and has sanctified herself, then she shall be saved by her child.
You have filled the righteousness of the wicked. The righteousness of the judges will take hold of you.
It happened, when they went to kill, that they left me there; and I fell on my face, and cried with a loud voice, saying, Ah Lord Yahweh! have you poured out your wrath on Jerusalem, that you should utterly destroy the children of Israel!
Now therefore, behold, the king whom you shall ask is here; and behold, Yahweh has appointed a king over you.
Behold, there is a fire coming down out of the sky, and it is two chiefs, and fifty men with them: now therefore consider my life precious.
When you lie in the sheep's dungeon, you are like a lion's snare, And its doors are gold.
If he departs, he shall be redeemed; but if he doesn't, he shall be with him again. The man shall not forsake his wife.
My son, you shall be called the prophet of the Most High; for you shall be the prophet of the Lord, and shall prepare his way;
Jesus said to him, Go, and behold, your faith has made you well. Immediately, when the blind saw it, they followed him.
One of them, an Agape, stood up, and prophesied in the Holy Spirit, and said, There is a great famine in the land. It happened in the days of Claudus, and it was finished.
All these things have been heard, and it is time to fear God, and to keep his commandments with all diligence. This is a stumbling block for man.
Then the king commanded, and they took all the men who bore Daniel, and their wives, and cast them into the lion's den: and before they were in the lion's den, the lion lifted up his arrows, and struck them, and took their bones.
You shall take the fat of the sheep, and its fat tail, and the fat of the molten image, and the cover of the dish, and the two kidneys, and the fat of the kidneys, and the head of the right ear (this is the sheep of the offering of the holy offering).
But if there be witnesses for us, as clouds covering us, let us cut off all our iniquities, and all our trespasses, and let us be astonished at the way before us.
Aren't they given? Aren't they divided among the spoil? Aren't they divided by two? Then he divided the turban of the turban, and the turban of the turban of the turban, two thousand turbans of turban, for a spoil under the neck.
The ordinances of the law are cut off because there is no strength, neither is there any profit.
So when the children of Israel were in the valley on the one side, and the children of Israel on the other side of the Jordan, when they saw that Israel was fled, and that Saul and his sons were dead, they forsook the cities, and fled. The Philistines lived there.
Therefore I will give you wisdom and understanding; and I will give you riches, and riches, and honor: neither shall the kings who were before you do so, nor shall they do so after you.
If Satan has divided himself, why should his kingdom stand? You say, I have cast out demons by Beelzebul.
The prince said to them, Let them live. So they made the congregation wood cutters and carpenters, according to the word of the princes.
The wealth of a man's soul shall sustain him; but the poor also fear the voice of the oppressor.
and that your house may receive from Yahweh the seed which she shall give to your seed, as the house of Perez, whom Tamar bore to Judah.
There went down three of the chiefs into the rock to David into the wall of Adullam: and the army of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
and with those who stand this day with us before Yahweh our God, and with those who are not with us this day.
This is the commandment of those who watch, and the commandment of those who are holy, that all may know that the most high rule over the kingdom, and give it to men according to their own will, and make it for it.
Before he goes up to the high place to eat, you shall find him in the city; for before he comes, the people shall not eat until he comes to bless the sacrifice, until he eats of those whom he asks. Now go up, and you shall find him at this time.
There is no faith, there is no covenant, there is no friend, there is no compassion.
Fire came forth from before Yahweh, and burned the burnt offering and the fat on the altar: and when all the people saw it, they lifted up their voice with great joy, and fell on their faces.
You shall not divide the earth forever, for it is mine. You are strangers and foreigners before me.
The slain shall fall in the land of the Chaldeans; And the slain shall fall in the streets.
Achish said, What land are you going into this day? David said, The South of Judah, The South of the Elamelites, The South of the Kenites.
As for your wisdom, so is all righteousness. Know that God doesn't forget your iniquities.
The children of Israel called it a manna, and the appearance of it as the appearance of a drunkard, and the color of it white, and the taste of it as the bread of honey.
All the wise men of the king came in from that time; but they didn't read the book, neither did they make known to the king the interpretation of it.
and said to them, This people will tell me, Your father has put a stumbling block in our stumbling block. Please make us less. Now therefore, what counsel do you give us that we may bless them?
He has corrupted the counsel of the sluggard, To the end that the work of their hands shall not be done.
You shall take other stones instead of the stones, and fill the house with dust.
Yahweh said to Moses, Every prince shall offer his offering in his day, and he shall do the offering of the altar.
But don't harm the woman; for she is not worthy to die: for it is like a man who goes up against her neighbor, and kills her alive.
Behold, Yahweh commanded, and struck the great house, and led it away empty; and he struck the small house, and led it away empty.
You shall wash your body, anoint yourself, and put on your clothing, and go down to the threshing floor; but you shall not cause the man to see you. Until he eats and drinks,
I will keep the wrath of Yahweh, because I have sinned against him, and he has judged me before his argument. He will bring me forth to light, and I will see his righteousness.
Then the prophet brought back the dead body of the man of God on the donkey, to the city of the old prophet, to weep for him, and to bury him.
The love of God endures forever, but the revelation of the truth is a temporary thing. The riches of the tongue will fail, and the knowledge will fail.
His sons and his daughters are far from safety. They are oppressed in the gate, and there is no one to save them.
But all the violence that you have done out of Lebanon, and all the violence that you have done to the animals of the field to make them afraid, will cover you; because you have killed men, and have done the violence that you have done out of the cities of the land, and out of those who dwell in them.
He who has enough, he has enough. He who has enough, he has enough. He who has no need, he who has seven sons, he who has many sons.
Who is better than you? Go down, lie with those who are not circumcised.
There were also horns in the thorns, and a great thorn cut off the thorns.
The vines said to the vines, Come, and reign over us.'
In that day Yahweh was angry, and swore, and said,
Yahweh said to Moses, Behold, you shall sleep with your fathers; and this people shall arise, and shall play the prostitute, and shall depart from me from the gods of the land whereon he shall dwell, and from the covenant that I made with him.
saying, The Lord has risen, and he has shown himself to Simon.
Micaiah spoke to them all the words that he had heard, which Baruch had heard when he read it to the people.
It shall happen, when he rises, that his kingdom shall be divided, and its expanse shall be toward the four faces of the sky; but it shall not be given to his seed, neither shall it have the dominion that was before him: for his kingdom shall be lifted up, and shall be given to another of his seed.
The first covenant also had a vow of thanksgiving, and the foundation of the temple that is in the world.
I will be their mouth, and will speak praises to them. Peace and good will I will give to the far country and to the far country, says Yahweh.
Jehohanan the son of Kareah came, and all the captains of the army who were in the field, to Mizpah, to Gedaliah, and said to him,
Who can forget Yahweh in the heavens? Who can be like Yahweh among all the sons of the Mighty One?
Therefore I will set my face against them, that their fear may come on them; for I call, and no one answers; and I speak, and they will not listen; but I have done that which is evil in my eyes, and that which I don't delight in.
Remember, brothers, when you are called, that there is no one who is wise, neither is there any who is mighty, neither is there any who is a savior.
Go, bring Vashti the queen before the king's crown, and show her beauty to the people and to her servants; for her face is good in appearance.
The man examined him, and kept silent, that he might know whether Yahweh had given him the way in which he believed.
David said, It is good that I make a covenant with you; but I will seek you a thing, when you come to my face, and you don't bring Michal the daughter of Saul, you shall not come to my face.
Give me bread for my nourishment, And pomegranates for my strength; For I have laid my heart on it for love.
Their burdens are multiplied before me, more than the sand of the sea; and I have brought the slaughter on the mother of the young man, and have caused sorrow and astonishment to come on him.
The chambers of the threshing floor are more; for the threshing floor is in its place; and the threshing floor is more than the threshing floor.
The priests the Levites rose up at that time, and blessed the people: their voice was heard by Yahweh, and their prayer came to his dwelling place, even to the sky.
Noah bore three sons: Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
My mouth shall declare the word of Yahweh. Let all flesh praise his holy name forever.
Wisdom is more precious than precious stones. There is nothing like it in the desire of a man.
He made the thicket a snare, and burned it with fire, and struck it with a rod, and shook it with the strength of his hand, so that he was hungry, and had no strength; he didn't drink water, and was weary.
Barak, and Ammon, and Amalek, and the Philistines, and the people of Tyre;
All these things are in your heart. I know that you have done them.
Yahweh spoke to Joshua the son of Nun, saying, Be strong and of good courage; for you shall bring in the children of Israel into the land which I swore to them, and I will be with you.
Turn again, and don't be unrighteous. Turn again, and my righteousness is still.
You shall do to the cities that are far off from you, and not to the cities of the nations.
They brought him the donkey, and took their cloaks, and put them on the donkey, and set him on it.
They came to a city called Nazareth, and abode there, to prove the word of Yahweh, which he spoke to the prophets, that he would call the Nazarenes.
to be a witness between us and you, and between us and you, that we may minister to Yahweh with our burnt offerings, and with our peace offerings, and with other sacrifices; that your children not say to our children after you, You are not in Yahweh', before Yahweh.
Delilah said to her, Why do you love me, seeing your heart isn't with me? You have deceived me three times, and haven't told me where your strength is.
As for me, Yahweh will show his promise to me. Your loving kindness endures forever. Don't forsake your work, Yahweh.
You shall hear what they shall say; and you shall go down to the camp; and Gideon shall go down, he and his servant Porah, to the camp, by the way of the men of armor.
But they made a covenant as with Adam, And did obeisance to me there.
It was told Joab, saying, Behold, the king weeps for Absalom.
I will wash away all their iniquities which they have sinned against me, and I will forgive all their iniquities which they have sinned against me.
But all the fields of the city, and all the villages of it, went to Caleb the son of Jephunneh.
Woe to him who commits iniquity and covetousness on a bed! Woe to him who comes up to the morning light, who has strength in his hands to do it!
When he had said this, he prophesied.
Yahweh was angry with Uzzah; and Yahweh struck him there because of his iniquity: and he died there by the ark of Yahweh.
If I have made you afflicted, who can please me, besides those who are afflicted?
He and his disciples also led them away to the synagogue.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Jeremiah spoke to all the people all the words of Yahweh their God, even all the words that Yahweh their God sent him.
Samuel went up early in the morning to meet Saul. They told Samuel, saying, Saul went up to Carmel, and stood there for himself, and turned aside, and went down to Gilgal.
They said, No; tell us. Jehu answered, Thus and thus has he told me. He said, Thus says Yahweh, I have anointed you king over Israel.
When all the people had scarcely eaten, Paul stood among them, and said, King, if you will not hear my words, and sail away from Cyrene, you will not find this evil, nor this truth.
Then you shall call on me, and shall go and pray to me; and I will hear you.
Jacob blessed the two sons of Joseph, and worshiped God with the rod, because of his faith, when he was about to die.
If you shall hear these things, and do them, then Yahweh your God will restore to you the covenant and the loving kindness which he swore to your fathers.
that they may possess the remnant of Edom, and the nations which are called by my name, says Yahweh concerning this.
It happened, when Ahaziah king of Judah saw it, that he fled by the way of the house of the garden: and Jehu pursued after him, and said, Kill him also in the chariot. He struck him in the chariot by the way of Gibeon, which is by the hill country of Gibeon. He ran to Megdoon, and died there.
For Yahweh will go and strike the Egyptians; and when he sees the blood at the entrance of the gate, and at the entrance of the gate of the other side, Yahweh will pass over the gate, and will not allow the life to enter into your house, to strike you.
For my enemies can't rejoice more over me. I know that you are with me.
Now concerning the seventh day, there is a place which says, In the seventh day God rests from all his work.
Immediately one of them ran, and took a snare in his hand, and threw it out of his mouth, and snared him.
I have heard the groaning of the children of Israel, that the Egyptians labor in their affliction; and I have remembered my covenant.
But the second voice answered from heaven, saying, Don't be defiled with the cleansing that God has given him.'
Jesus turned and said to Peter, Shut up, Satan. You are my condemnation. Your thoughts are not God's, but men's.
We all fell to the ground; and I heard a voice in Hebrew saying to me, Saul, Saul, why do you persecute me? as a ox licks the skin with his feet, he licks his own skin.'
The help of Egypt is vanity and is not profitable. Therefore I have called him Rahab, who is not able to stand.
Heaven and earth will pass away, But my words will not pass away.
Pharaoh said to Joseph, I am Pharaoh. If you don't raise your voice, don't let any man lay his hand on his feet in all the land of Egypt.
Therefore prophesy to them all these words, and strike them, and say, Yahweh will shout out of the sky, and he will shout out of his dwelling place, and he will shout out of his flock; and he will shout out to all the inhabitants of the earth, as he treads on vines.
Let your enemies know your name. Let the nations tremble before you.
You opened another in the wall between the two cities, and poured out the water of the pool: but you didn't hope to make it, neither did you consider it to be necessary, but came to the God who made it.
If a fool asks you to eat bread, and you go, you shall eat all that is set before you: you shall not enter into the door of the east gate for the sake of jealousy.
It happened after the death of Iptsen, that Elon the Zebulun was judge over Israel; and he judged Israel ten years.
It happened in the seventh year, that Jehoiada sent and called the Canaanites and the captains of the guard, and brought them into the house of Yahweh to him, and made a covenant with them, and swore to them in the house of Yahweh, and showed them the king's son.
If a man wants a pregnant woman to be married to him, he shall take her as wife.
The king answered the people with a wicked prophecy, The king of Rehoboam forsook the counsel of the old men,
Rejoice for the kings of Israel.
What shall you do to him who is against you, to destroy him, as a wall of a tower, or as a wall to fall on?
Then I will ask, Shall all Israel fall? shall they not rise? for it is too much; for their iniquities have brought salvation to the Gentiles, but they have stirred them up.
The elders of the assembly shall be like the rulers of God: they shall not be proud, nor wrathful, neither shall they be blasphemed, neither shall they profane, nor lend for unrighteousness.
The oxen and the silver and the gold of Abram were many.
Hate stirs up strife, But love covers all transgressions.
Our bones are scattered by the grave, As a man sifts out the ground.
A great multitude followed him, and some of them weeping and mourning for him.
In the time of their wrath, when they were angry with us, the sun lifted us up, and devoured us.
The locusts arose throughout all the land of Egypt, and lived throughout all the borders of Egypt, and destroyed everything. There was no such locust, neither was there any more.
He who gives to the needy doesn't come to poverty, But he who doesn't see is cursed.
If you sit with a ruler, appoint a man before you.
He who is high priest among his brothers shall dip the anointing oil on his head; and he shall bear the holy title; he shall wear the holy garments: he shall not break the hair of his head, nor torn his clothes.
For all know your obedience. Therefore I rejoice for you. But I want you to stand up against evil, and to be wise against evil.
I command you in the sight of God and Christ Jesus, and in the sight of the angels who are chosen, that you observe these things, and don't be afraid, nor be dismayed in anything.
So they feared Yahweh, and made priests of the high places of the people, who sacrificed to them in the high places.
This thing is righteous in the eyes of God forever and ever.
You shall do good in all things. When it is time to teach, you shall be steadfast in your heart.
You shall eat the flesh of the ram which is offered for a consecration in a holy place.
I know it. Why is it right for a man to be justified before God?
For whatever is done, and whatever is hidden, whether it is good or bad, God will judge.
He was king over Judah in Hebron seven years and six months; and he reigned over all Israel and Judah in Jerusalem thirty-three years.
Why will you die, you and your people, for the sword, for the famine, and for the pestilence, according to the word of Yahweh, that you will not serve the king of Babylon?
I left the robes of Capernaum in Troas, when I came; and when you came, you shall bring them; and you shall bring the books, even the books of the skins of the sheep.
Then you say, What does God know? Will he judge with darkness?
Six days shall you labor, and do all your work;
Arise, Jerusalem, and do it! Open your snares, Zion, the captivity of the children of Zion.
I will cause all the peoples of the earth, who have heard your name, to be afraid of you, and of you, and to be astonished at you.
The famine came in the seventh year. As Joseph had said, there was famine in all the countries, but in all the land of Egypt there was bread.
There was also a great eagle, and a mighty one; and behold, the vine stretched out its branches toward him out of the planting place, and raised its branches toward him, and hoped that he might turn again.
He took two chariots and horses; and the king sent after the Syrians, saying, Go and see.
The labor of fools makes them weary, For he doesn't know how to enter into a city.
You shall make the breastplates of blue, purple, scarlet, and scarlet round about; and the breastplates of gold shall be round about the breastplate.
The city is the glory of God. The light of the city is like the precious stones of the most holy ones, Like a cloud, Like the brightness of water.
that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon took Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah, and all the honorable men of Jerusalem, whom they didn't take away from Jerusalem to Babylon.
But if any man professsing himself to be Christ's, consider whether he is Christ's, and we are Christ's.
When the husband is yet alive, the woman shall be rebuked; and if the husband dies, he shall take away the man whom he loves, but he shall give it to those who believe.
You have made a covenant with David my father, which you promised to your servant. You have spoken with your mouth, and as with your hands have you established it, as it is this day.
and two hundred pomegranates for the two breastplates; and two pomegranates for the two breastplates that were on the pillars, on the two sides of the pillars;
that you may be saved in the latter days by those who believe and are sanctified by the power of God.
So did Rehum the governor, and Shemaiah the scribe, who were about to send letters to the men of Jerusalem, and to the king of Arashias:
Prepare also a place for me, for I hope that God will hear your prayer, that I may come to you.
When you sit at the table with a stranger, you shall call the poor, the sick, the lame, the blind,
What shall you do when you are cut off? Even if you are clothed with scarlet, and wear jewels of gold, and put scarlet on your eyes, it is vanity. Your love despises you, and seeks your life.
For the counsel of God is more righteous and righteous. This is the will of God, that they may be perfect with us.
He washed their feet, and put on his cloak, and came again to sit down, and said to them, Do you understand what I have done to you?
These are the animals which you shall eat: oxen, sheep, goats,
The proud have hidden their snares and their cords from me. They have set a trap by the way. Yahweh is determined to harm me. Selah.
I saw the holy city, Jerusalem, coming down from heaven like a new wine, to meet the bridegroom.
Will he counsel me with a mighty hand? No, but he will listen to me.
In the seventh year you shall have a great rest, a rest to Yahweh: you shall not till your fields, nor till your vineyards.
But you are like waters, and you shall not stand: for you have defiled your father's bed, and my bed, and you have defiled it;
My days are fulfilled. My counsel and my thoughts are turned away from me.
The city is laid waste. The gates of it are broken down.
The chief priests and the chief priests took him, and put him to death, and sentenced him to death.
The words of the wise are like wood, And their symphony like a lamp, And they are all given by a shepherd.
Now I know that Yahweh has delivered his anointed, and has heard his words out of his holy heavens, and has delivered him with the power of his right hand.
He will not let men see you fasting, but he will see the Father. So the Father who watches silently will reward you.
Yahweh is near to those who fear him, And will show them his covenant.
So he preached peace and good news to all who were before you, both to the Gentiles who were far from God, and to the Jews who were near to God.
If your heart be merciful to the hungry, And gives fullness to the afflicted, Then your light will shine in the darkness, And your darkness will be as the day.
If a prophet dreams, he shall declare his dream. He who receives my word shall declare my word in truth. Why do flint and barley fail? says Yahweh.
Jehu said, Take him down; and they took him down; and his blood was on the wall and on the horse, and he treaded with his feet.
The king said to him, Go in peace. Absalom arose, and went with Hebron.
Don't rejoice in me, my enemies. Though I stumble, I will rise again. I sit in darkness, Yahweh is my light.
The breastplate is a whirlwind; it is joined to one another; it is long, it is broad, it is broad.
Your throne is built up. You are steadfast forever.
Say to Shemaiah the Nehelamite,
He commanded them, saying, Go to the side of the road, and when you go in, there will be found a donkey that hasn't been ridden by any man. Take it out of the way, and go there.
Will justice be given to him who hates justice? Will you condemn him who is righteous and mighty?
You shall remember that you were a servant in the land of Egypt, and Yahweh your God brought you forth out of it with a mighty hand, and with a stretched out arm: therefore Yahweh your God commanded you to keep an Sabbath.
Yahweh will deliver you up this day into my hand, and I will strike you, and kill your head; and this day I will take the body of the army of the Philistines, and will give it to the birds of the sky, and to the animals of the earth, that all the peoples of the earth may know that there is a God in Israel;
Jonathan said to the young man who carried him, Come, and let us go into the camp of the circumcision, lest Yahweh do anything for us; for Yahweh's salvation is the least among men.
For Christ has freed us, that we may be freed. Stand therefore, and don't be slaves to men.
A certain man of the Levites went, and took a woman of the Levites, and she became his wife.
These are those who were numbered of them: Moses, Aaron, and the twelve princes of Israel, according to their families.
For the tent was a parable before, offering both gifts and sacrifices, which can't be made perfect by the heart of the worshipper.
David said to God, Isn't it my commandment to number the people? I have sinned a great evil; but what are these flocks? Yahweh my God, stretch out your hand on me, and on my father's house, and don't strike your people, and bring pestilence on them.
We returned to your servant, our father, and told him the words of my lord.
He who is not righteous is abhorred by the righteous. He who walks uprightly is abhorred by the wicked.
You shall not defile yourselves with all these things; for all the nations which I have driven out before you shall defile yourselves with all these things.
When the ox is with you, don't leave his mouth alone.
Thus is your adversary dishonest, Yahweh, Who has dishonored your anointed.
Don't you know that from ancient times there are men and women in the world?
Behold, this city is near, and I may flee there; but this city is also young. Let me flee there, and preserve my life. Isn't this a young city?
For whatever we ask of God, we will receive, because we have done that which is pleasing in his sight.
Now the days of the harvest are come, and the innards are the firstborn.
Go against Midian, and avenge the children of Israel; and you shall die therein.
They all ate the food of the Spirit, and they all drank the water of the Spirit.
Come, you young men, your widows, and your widows.
Therefore I will again do marvels to this people; marvels and marvels: the wisdom of the wise will be destroyed, and the understanding of the wise will be sealed.
If a man doesn't respect his neighbor, and doesn't respect his own house, he is more perverse in faith than he who doesn't believe.
When all the people saw that he was walking, and that he glorified God,
Immediately, when he saw it, he followed him, and glorified God. When the multitudes saw it, they glorified God.
that you may know the truth, and be puffed up; that you may bless those who send you with the truth.
If they turn to you in the land of their captivity, in the land of their captivity, with all their heart and with all their soul, and pray to you toward the land which you gave to their fathers, and to the city which you have chosen, and to the house which I have built for your name;
When the princes of the people were gathered together, and all the tribes of Israel were gathered together, he reigned in Eshron.
I am old and beautiful, daughters of Jerusalem, As the tents of Kedar, As the veil of Solomon.
He is oppressed and in affliction, yet he doesn't open his mouth. He is carried away as a lamb to the slaughter, and as a lamb that doesn't raise its voice before those who keep the gate, so he doesn't open his mouth.
For though you are a people of God, don't speak in the midst of you of sexual immorality, nor of all sexual immorality, or of covetousness.
You are a father's son, and your son loathes you. Will you give him stones?
David said to Saul, Who am I, and what have I to do with it? and what is the house of my father in Israel, that I should be king's son-in-law?
He shall build the house of Yahweh; and he shall be glorified, and shall sit on his throne, and shall rule; and he shall be priest in his throne; and there shall be counsel of peace between them.
But I will go up after you to Galilee.
For Yahweh his God teaches and instructs him according to the law.
None of the families of Melchizedek knew what kind of man his father was, nor what kind of man he was born of, as he is a priest, even as the Son of God.
You shall make an altar of pure gold, and you shall make the base of the altar, and the pillars of it, and the pillars of it, and the cups of it, and the pins of it, and the flowers of it, of beaten work.
You shall not have in your bed two beds, one great, and one small.
The captain of the ship came to him, and said to him, Why are you such a good sleeper? Arise, call on your God, that he may see us, that we may not perish.
Peter went out after the angel. He didn't know that the angel was doing the truth, but he saw visions.
Take the shield of greatness, and help me.
But the ten went to Galilee, to the mountain where Jesus had set them.
He brings forth waters out of the rock, And causes them to come down as rivers.
and he made his house to come near according to the number of the people: and Achan the son of Calmi, the son of Zabdi, the son of Zerah, of the tribe of Judah, he took.
When the Pharisees saw it, they said to him, Behold, your disciples do nothing on the Sabbath day.
He didn't listen to the unrighteous speech of the Jews, nor to the reproach of the truth.
Yahweh said to Moses, Go in to Pharaoh; for I have made his heart and the heart of his servants strong, that I may show my signs among them;
You shall overlay it with pure gold round about. You shall make a golden ring round about.
Let each man live according to the gift of the Lord, according to the commandment of God. This is the testimony of my assembly.
if the husband hears it, and doesn't hold his peace, then all the vows which he vows shall be fulfilled, and his covenant which he made with himself shall be fulfilled.
Jacob said, Let the sun go down, and before the livestock gather, let the sheep drink water, and let them go and eat grass.
They will do these things, because they don't know the Father, nor I.
Speak to me, you are my sister, that I may have peace for you, and that my life may live from you.
When I heard these words, I sat down, and wept a few days, and fasted before Yahweh in heaven, and prayed, saying,
Therefore set your face toward Jerusalem, which is under siege, and lift up your hands toward it, and prophesy against it.
Peter therefore said to him, What do we get, seeing we have forsaken all things to follow you?
It happened on the next day, on the next day after the Sabbath, that the chief priests and the Pharisees came together to Pilate,
They are the children of fools, The children of the deceitful. They are beaten down, and cast out of the land.
While he was still speaking, Judas, one of the twelve, came, and brought swords and spears, and followed the chief priests, the scribes, and the elders.
Others have slain men with stones, with axes, and with swords; and some with rams' skins, or with goats' skins, and with sackcloth, and with poverty, trouble, and affliction;
When you have passed over the Jordan, stand on Mount Ebal, and take the stones, which I command you this day, and burn them with blood.
You shall be hidden from the adversary of your tongue. When the plague comes, you shall not be afraid.
The army, which Amaziah sent, didn't allow them to go with him to battle; but they struck the cities of Judah, from Samaria even to Beth Horon, and killed three thousand men, and took spoil.
But if we live in the light, as God lives in the light, we will be judged, and the blood of his Son Jesus will be poured out on us.
Don't they know their shame when they do abominable things? No, they are not shamed, neither are their faces black: therefore they shall fall among those who fall; and when I visit them, they shall stumble, says Yahweh.
I said to the king, If the king delights, and if your servant finds favor in your sight, send me to Judah, to the city which my fathers have set up in the cloud, and I will go there again.
The Pharisees and the scribes marveled, saying, This man received the sinners, and ate with them.
Hear this word, you elders. Listen, you inhabitants of the land. Have you done this thing in your days, or in the days of your fathers?
So all the work of the gathering of the tent of meeting was finished; as Yahweh commanded Moses, so did the children of Israel.
But if any man enters into any city, and doesn't receive you, then you shall go out to their great street, and say,
When he was hungry in the house of Mattai, many tax collectors and sinners came, and sat with his disciples.
Loving kindness and truth burn on the earth. Righteousness and peace burn on the earth.
Your servant has struck the lion and the hare, and this uncircumcised Philistine shall be like one of them; for he has defied the army of Yahweh, who lives forever.
When I afflict Israel, the iniquity of Ephraim and the sin of Samaria were revealed; for they had done in vain; and there came in robbers, and there was a snare on the outside.
Joseph gave them his food before him, but Benjamin received five times more than any man. They drank, and were glad with Joseph.
He shall offer the offering of Yahweh: if he offers a bird for a burnt offering, he shall offer the whole bird, or the young bird for a offering.
If I lift up my head, You will chase me like a lion, And show your wonders to me.
You shall be moved in the daytime as the blind see, and shall not touch; and your way shall not prosper; it shall be oppressed and taken away continually, and no one shall save you.
Therefore I tell you, all sins, and all blasphemies, shall be forgiven you; but whoever profanes the Holy Spirit shall not be forgiven.
Woe to him who is counseled by his Lord! For he is one of the few in the midst of the earth! Shall the dust say to the dust, What do you do? Or shall you say, He has no hand?'
Then Elijah ran from the oxen, and came to Elijah's side, and said, Please let me first kiss my father, and then I will come after you. Elijah said to him, Go, and what have I done to you?
This is a lamentation, and men shall lament it; and the daughters of the nations shall lament it; and they shall lament it for Egypt, and for the people of it, says the Lord Yahweh.
Manasseh's border went from Asher to Beth Betha, that is before Shechem; and the border went toward the right hand, to the inhabitants of Enthapoth.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Mordecai wrote these things, and wrote to all the Jews who were round about the king Ahasuerus,
I will also lay the dead bodies of the children of Israel before their idols, and will cast your bones round about your altars.
He who is upright in the earth shall die, and he who is unrighteous among men: they shall all be buried to kill, and they shall lay siege on their brothers.
I have opened the springs of waters for myself, And have sown the fruit of the trees.
Therefore I will cut off the flesh of all the people, and of all the kingdoms, and of all the sluggards, who speak blasphemies against Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego; and their houses shall become a desolation, because there is no god to deliver.
Therefore I will return my grain to them in the day of harvest, and my new wine in the day of wine making; and I will give it to them to bring back my sheep's hair and my mules.
My eye delights in me, and I don't hinder it; My heart delights in me, and I don't hinder it: For my heart rejoices in the labor of my hands; This is my portion from all my labor.
Saul came to Amalek, and hid himself in the valley.
All the children of Israel shall be justified by Yahweh; and they shall boast.
Therefore hear you the word of the Lord Yahweh, mountain of Israel: Thus says the Lord Yahweh to the mountains, and to the ridges, and to the wells, and to the valleys, and to the waste cities, and to the forsaken cities, that the remnant of the Gentiles may be cut off round about them.
His brothers came and fell on their faces, and said, We are your servants.
Paul called to the captain of the guard, and said, Take this young man, and bring him to the captain of the guard, for he has something to tell him.
Don't envy the wicked, Neither be envious of them.
When his lord heard the words of his wife which she had spoken to him, Your servant has dealt with me like this. He was angry.
Hannah said, May your handmaid find favor in your sight. She went, and came to eat and to drink, and didn't rejoice any more.
Hear, my son, and be wise, and lead your heart in a straight way.
It pleased the king and all his princes, and the king did according to the word of Memucan.
He set stones against David, and against the servants of king David: and all the people and the mighty men were in the king's place.
They clap like a chariot on the mountain, And shout like a burning bush, Like a mighty people in battle.
For he has multiplied iniquity. He has struck the hands of us. He has sinned many times against God.
I will make you desolate forever, and you shall have no man in your cities; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Rise up early in the morning, and lie down, and eat the bread of your labors. Yahweh will comfort those whom he loves.
One of the scribes came to test him, saying,
It happened at the evening, that Elijah the prophet came near, and said, Yahweh, the God of Israel, Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, please let men know this day that you are God in Israel, and that I am your servant, and have done all these things according to your word.
Samuel said to Jesse, Are all your sons here? He answered, There is a son who is yet alive, and he is feeding the flock. Samuel said to Jesse, Send for him; for he is yet alive, and we will not sit down.
When I was a child, I spoke like a child, and was baptized like a child, and was taught like a child. But now I am a great man, and have forsaken the child.
David said to the Gibeonites, What shall I do for you? and with what shall I subdue you, that you may bless the inheritance of Yahweh?
When the scribes of the city had calmed the multitude, they said, Who doesn't know, Ephraim, that the city of Ephraim is come down out of the house of Ademi, and out of the sky?
Then I spoke this thing to the people in the morning, saying, My wife dies in the evening. In the morning I walked according to the commandment.
He opened the bow, and made me a scepter.
Who is he who says in his heart, This man has sinned?
You hide your face, and they groan. You take away their breath, and they die in the dust.
and that they might be light in the heavens, and that they might shine on the earth. So they did.
He has commanded our fathers with a bribe, and has dealt treacherously with our people, and has commanded them to put their little ones outside, that they may die.
Keep your servant in good standing. Don't let the proud oppress me.
When he had made an end of speaking with the people, he set up those who sang to Yahweh, and put on holy and beautiful garments, and went before the army to praise Yahweh, saying, Give thanks to Yahweh; for his loving kindness endures forever.
My father made your yoke heavy, and I will add to your yoke. My father chastised you with whips, and I will chastise you with scorpions.'
When they fled from Beth Horon before the children of Israel, Yahweh struck them with a great earthquake from the sky, until he had killed them at Asherah, more than the slain who were slain by the sword.
But the princes of Babylon sent messengers to him, to inquire of all the wonders of the kingdom; and God departed from him in this matter, to test him, that he might know all that was in him.
When he saw that Jesus was dead, he gave him Joseph's body.
A good man brings forth good from his recompense; But a wicked man brings forth evil from his recompense.
Though we rebelled against the Lord our God, But our mercy was with him,
The heavens of your head shall become brass, And the land before your feet shall become iron.
Now God has raised up our Lord Jesus, and made an everlasting covenant through the blood of Jesus, that he might become a shepherd of the flock.
Therefore if anyone tells you, Behold, the Christ is in the wilderness,' don't go out; or, Behold, the Christ is in the chambers,' don't believe.
I write these things to you, that they may deceive you.
Don't be afraid of your affliction. Behold, the devil will put some of you into prison, and will afflict you, and you will be afflicted ten days. You shall die, and I will give you the crown of your life.
That his eyes may see that he is destroyed, And that he himself drinks of the wrath of the Almighty.
The prophecy which you remember is like a fire. Your camp is a heap of dust.
Moreover I will cause those who oppress you to eat their flesh, and they shall drink their blood to the waters, as they drink water: and all who are gathered shall know that I am Yahweh your Savior, and your Redeemer, and a mighty man of Jacob.
They say in their heart, Let's destroy it all. They burn up the synagogues of God in the earth.
His flesh is finer than the flesh of a child. He shall return to the days of his youth.
They shall not see the land which I swore to their fathers: all those who despise me shall not see it.
Their houses will be full of robbers. They will be full of robbers. Therefore they will be great and rich.
David and all Israel sang before Yahweh with all their might, with harps, with psalteries, with cymbals, with psalteries, and with psalteries.
They told these things to Mary Magdalene, and to John, and to Mary the mother of Jacob, and to the rest of the women who were with them.
Sing praises, Israel! Call for help! Let the inhabitants of Jerusalem rejoice with all their heart.
Some of his disciples said among themselves, What means he saying to us, You can't see me if you don't see me, but you will see me if you don't see me?' and, Because I am going to my Father?'
and you shall not go out from your house on the Sabbath day; neither shall you do any work; but you shall make the Sabbath day holy, as I commanded your fathers in the days of old.
and they came to the priests who bore the ark of the covenant of the Lord Yahweh, who stood by the waters of the Jordan; and the waters of the Jordan, which came down from above, broke apart, and stood up as a wall of waters.
He took all his livestock, and all his wares, and his livestock, which he had, which he had obtained in Paddan Aram: and he went into the land of Canaan, and went to Isaac his father.
Jesus said to them, How then did David, when he was made holy, call Christ Lord, saying,
For Sheol can't give thanks, Nor die to praise you. He who lies in the cloud can't hope for your truth.
Let's therefore do good to all, and let's also do good to those who have a great faith, and to those who have a great faith.
In the morning you shall plant your seed, and in the evening you shall not rest your hand; for you don't know which of these you are, which of these you are, or which of the two you are.
Then the fire was burning on the mountain, and you heard the voice of the voice out of the darkness: and all the princes of your tribes, and all the elders, came to me.
All the sailors shall pass through; and if any man sees a man's bones, he shall set up a memorial there, until he is buried in the valley of Hamon Gog.
You shall command the richest men of gold, that they not be proud, nor that their hope be put into a treasury that is not fixed, but that they trust in the God of our salvation.
We have been blasphemed, yet we have answered. Now we are called the snares of the world, and the snares of all things.
He is hungry, and wants to take the sack of bread, and eat it; and no one will give him food to eat.
Solomon made all the vessels of the house of Yahweh, the golden altar, and the table of savor, of gold;
He set bread on it before Yahweh, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
He shall be destroyed, as a man destroys a potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's
When Gideon heard the words of this dream, and his sayings, he worshiped Yahweh, and returned to the camp of Israel, and said, Arise; for Yahweh has delivered into your hand the army of Midian.
The men turned from there, and turned to Sodom. Abraham stood before Yahweh.
The Philistines were subdued from that time forward, and could not enter into the land of Israel: and the hand of Yahweh was against the Philistines all the days of Samuel.
Shall Achan, Zala's son-in-law, not sin in the thing which he offers, and wrath come on all the congregation of the children of Israel? neither shall he die in the sin which he has sinned.
Hear, my people, and I will testify against you. Listen to me, Israel.
Jacob will strengthen his roots. Israel will blossom, and their fruit will fill the world.
It happened in the middle of the night, that Elijah muttered with them, and said, Sing with a loud voice; for he is a god, and he has been silent in his thoughts, or in his hiding place, or in his walking, or in his sleeping.
I said to the proud, Don't be proud. To the wicked, Don't be proud.
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance.
David said to Abigail, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, for he has sent you this day to meet me.
When he had driven them out, he entered into the chamber of the young lady, and took hold of her hand. The young lady arose.
The threshing floor and the winepress will not feed them. The hope of new wine is vanity.
You have a whirlwind. The sea covers them. They are as a camp in the floods.
Therefore, when you sacrifice, don't be like the hypocrites who blow trumpets in synagogues and in the streets, to be commended by men: most assuredly I tell you, they have received their reward.
This is the assurance which we have of God through Christ.
You shall make an altar of acacia wood: its length shall be five cubits, and its breadth five cubits; it shall be of four corners, and its height shall be three cubits.
Shaphan the scribe said to the king, Hilkiah the priest has given me a book. Shaphan read it before the king.
For I know that your faith endures a long time.
The appearance of the chariots and their works is like the appearance of a liar; and the appearance of the four wheels is like the appearance of a wheel, and their appearance and their works are like the appearance of a chariot among the wheels.
To him who gives patience and comfort, that all of you may learn the mystery of Christ Jesus,
They shall not go up to the house of Yahweh, neither shall their sacrifices please him: they shall eat as the food of the dead, and every eat shall be polluted; for their food shall be for their own use, and they shall not enter into the house of Yahweh.
The land of Tappah was Manasseh; but the children of Ephraim were Tappah, who was beyond Manasseh, and the sons of Ephraim.
But there was a need, and no one could take it away, because she had found it good.
A foe shall not prevail against him. The wicked shall not afflict him.
Remember that the Lord will reward you, that you may inherit from him. You serve the Lord Jesus Christ.
They turned and went up into the valley, and came into the valley of Eshcol, and looked at the land.
You shall offer a burnt offering of a sweet savor to Yahweh: one bull, one ram, seven male lambs a year old without blemish;
He dwells in a quarry. He dwells in a strong and fortified place.
My heart burns me as fire, Because my adversaries don't remember your words.
by offering a sacrifice once, that the saints may be perfected forever.
Yahweh said to me, Woe to all the inhabitants of this land! Woe to the north!
Those who saw it were astonished.
Their eyes opened, and they perceived that it was Jesus, and immediately he was revealed to them.
The cloud remained in the tent of meeting, two days, or a month, or a year: and the children of Israel encamped there, and didn't go out; but the cloud returned, and they went out.
The king commanded Ashpenaz, the captain of the guard, to bring certain men from among the kings of Israel, and from the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the prince
He doesn't break the cords of wounds. He doesn't break the flames of rebuke. He teaches righteousness in truth.
They went out of Rephidim, and came into the wilderness of Sinai, and encamped in the wilderness; and the children of Israel encamped before the mountain.
Some of the men of Jerusalem said, Isn't this the man whom they hope to kill?
I was slain in the night. I arose in a deep place on the earth. My body didn't hide itself from you.
After he had given thanks, he opened his mouth, and gave them the bread, and said, This is my flesh, which you offer for me. Do this, and remember me.
the donkeys were six hundred and one thousand;
You shall make bread of the first fruits of your harvest, and you shall offer it for a wave offering; and you shall go up as the grain of the threshing floor.
We have been slain for your sake all day long. They see us as a sheep that is to be slain.
Balaam arose early in the morning, and saddled the donkey, and went with the princes of Moab.
He who is little has knowledge, But he who is whole has understanding.
For they themselves are called the people of the holy city, by the God of Israel: Yahweh of Armies is his name.
Likewise the lord said to him, You shall also rule over five cities.'
Afraid of the sword, for anger is a punishment of the sword, that you may know judgment.
If you say in your heart, How will we know the word that Yahweh has not spoken?
Hold a rod in your hand, and do signs with it.
When we burnt incense from the ear, did we serve him with bread, and when we served him with bread? Wasn't our husband afflicted?
You lie down, you shall not be afraid. You lie down on your bed, you shall have a good sleep.
I took the princes of Judah, and went up to the wall, and made the divisions of praise and thanks great; and they went up on the wall from the right side to the left of the gate.
For you will be like a dry tree, Like a dry field without water.
He vowed to be humble, and to obey until he died; But he died on the cross.
When Jesus saw a young donkey, he jumped on it, and stood. As it is written,
Let the wicked fall into their own devises, When the wicked pursue the afflicted in their pride.
The same will be done to those who are slain, that they may be scattered, and that they may be left who are not slain.
even as you commanded your servants the prophets, saying, The land which you have gone to possess shall be an unclean land, for the uncleanness of the peoples of the nations, and for their abominations: for they have made all the land desolate from this side even to that side.
But if you aren't rulers of your children like the rest, you are not rulers of your children.
The fugitives have no understanding. They are born as young donkeys.
and he delivered the money to the men who labored, and gave it to the house of Yahweh.
Then you shall cry, and Yahweh will hear you; and you shall beg him, and he will say, I am here: if you shall take away from you the yoke of the wall, and the snare of the man, and the snare of the woman;
The men of the city said to Joash, Bring forth your son, that he may die; for he has broken down the altar of Baal, and cut down the Asherim by the altar.
Jacob went out from Beersheba. The children of Israel sat in the chariots of Pharaoh, Jacob their father, and their wives, with their children.
Joseph remembered the dreams which he had dreamed concerning them, and said to them, You are a spy, that you may spy out the truth of the land.
Therefore, beloved, stand still, and don't be afraid. Do the work of the Lord with all your heart and with all your soul, for you know that the work of the Lord is nothing.
Look at your enemies, Yahweh. Your enemies shall perish. All those who do evil shall be scattered.
Your eyes will not see evil, nor see wickedness; You will not see the wicked; You will not see the wicked more than he who is righteous.
All its fat shall be taken away, as the fat of a lamb, for a sacrifice of peace offerings. The priest shall burn it on the altar, as the offering made by fire to Yahweh: so shall the priest make atonement for him concerning his sin which he has sinned, and he shall be forgiven.
When the child is dead, what will I eat? Will I bring him again? I will go to him, but he can't come to me.
So I ran, and didn't run without fear. I stumbled, and didn't stumble.
The king's portion shall be on the feast, on the first day of the month, and on the first day of the month, every Sabbath, and on the appointed feast of the house of Israel; and he shall offer burnt offerings, and meal offerings, and drink offerings; and he shall prepare a sin offering, and meal offering, and a burnt offering, and peace offerings, for the house of Israel.
Now your throne is no more; for Yahweh has found a man of his heart, and Yahweh has appointed him to be the head of his people; because you have not done that which Yahweh commanded you.
The fear of trembling covers me. The scourge of deceit covers me.
While he was yet alive, the flora and the fauna were not changed, neither the height nor the breadth, nor the height nor the breadth, day nor night.
In the twenty-seventh year of Jeroboam king of Israel began Azariah the son of Amaziah king of Judah to reign.
Your dead will live, and my dead will rise. Rise up, you who lie in the dust, and sing; for the iniquity of God is like the iniquity of the grass, and the earth will be brought forth out of the cloud.
David hurried, and stood before the Philistine, and drew out his sword, and struck him with the sword, and struck his head: and when all the Philistines saw that their mighty men were dead, they hurried.
Absalom said, If not, let Amnon my brother go with us. The king said, Why should he go with you?
They shall not be joined to him who is the first, but the whole body shall be glorified by him. They shall be joined to one another, and shall be established according to the will of God.
The priests who bore the ark of the covenant of Yahweh stood in the midst of the dry land by the Jordan; and all Israel passed through the dry land, until all the people had passed over the Jordan.
But Yahweh was angry with me because of you, and didn't listen to me: therefore Yahweh said to me, You have enough; don't rebuke this thing again from me.
The men of Judah made an end of accusing them, and their children, and all who came near to them, to keep these two days for feasts, as it is written, and as it is appointed, year by year, that they might not be cut off.
They gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron, and said, You are mighty, and all the congregation are holy; why do you triumph over Yahweh's congregation, seeing Yahweh is with them?
David said to him, Don't you be afraid, seeing you have killed the anointed of Yahweh with your hand?
Every meal offering baked in the coals, and every meal offering prepared on the potsherd, and on the pans, shall be brought to the priest who offers the meal offering.
Laban said, There is no one who does so here, until he has chosen the young men.
He passed by the gate of Ephraim, by the gate of the pier, and by the gate of the fish, and by the gate of Hananel, and by the gate of Hameah, until he came to the gate of the sheepfold; and he sat down at the gate of the entrance.
But the Lord answered them, You hypocrites! Didn't every man eat from his calf, or from his donkey, on the Sabbath day?
Peter said to them, Refresh yourselves, and let everyone be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, that your sins may be forgiven you, and that you may receive the Holy Spirit.
Behold, he is now hidden in a cave, or in another place: and whoever hears of him shall say, From among the inhabitants of Absalom there shall be a man slain.'
The king who anointed said, I will declare the Holy One; and Yahweh said to me, You are my son, and I have conceived you this day.
They shall take armor, and chariots, and chariots of fine flour, and shall bring a great multitude against you; and they shall take a great shield, and a scepter, and shall put it on their heads round about you; and I will give judgment to them, and they shall judge you by their law.
So Asa went out against him, and set the battle in array against him in the valley of Zephath of Mareshah.
Make their hearts heavy. Bring your curse on them.
For the false Christ and the false prophets will appear, and will perform signs and wonders, and will conspire against God's chosen ones.
For they see the morning as the shadow of death, For they are very heavy in the shadow of death.
The length of it was forty-five cubits on the north, forty-five cubits on the south, forty-five cubits on the east, and forty-five cubits on the south.
For he said to Moses, I will be merciful to him whom I love, and I will requite to him whom I requite.
The children of Israel again did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh: and Yahweh delivered them into the hand of Midian seven years.
Those who were taken were in safety, and they didn't hear the voice of their work.
For the land trembled because of the voice of Babylon; and the earth trembled; and they cried out with a loud voice among the peoples.
From thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who enters into the service in the Tent of Meeting shall number himself.
You shall eat no bread, nor drink clean wine; but you shall know that Yahweh is your God.
He who loves his brother or his sister lives in light, and doesn't fall into sin.
Wash me with pomegranates, and I will be clean. Wash me, and I will be whiter than snow.
A man is not created for a woman, but a woman is created for a man.
They came to Gedaliah to Mizpah; and they came with them: Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and Johanan the son of Kareah, and Jonathan, and Shelaiah the son of Tanhumeth, and Jaazaniah the son of Maacath the Nethaniah, and their men.
He said to his disciples, There is a rich man, and he has a lord. He has a lord over his possessions.
Now the Father has sanctified me, and sent me into the world. Why do I say, I am the Son of God, and you say, I have blasphemed God?'
He poured out his hand on the ground in the valley, and rejoiced in his strength; and he went out to meet the soldiers.
They shall not take a wife of a defiled man, nor a wife of a widow; neither shall they take a wife of a divorced man; for they are holy to their God.
The man of God went with the old prophet, and ate bread and drink water in his house.
Jesus said to them, Most assuredly I tell you, if you don't repent, you will be as a child, and you will not enter into the Kingdom of Heaven.
The arrow of the spear that was of the house of Saul was to shoot at Jonathan; and Jonathan knew that his father was plotting to kill David.
Yahweh has sworn, and will not relent, saying, You are priest forever, as Melchizedek.
Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried these men captive to Riblah, to the king of Babylon.
The thief comes to steal, to kill, and to destroy. I come to give them abundant life.
The time is at hand, and the days are at hand. Don't let the buyer delight himself, neither let the seller be dismayed; for the wrath is on all of them.
He gathered the congregation together to the door of the tent of meeting.
He brought me to the innermost part of the body, and measured me according to the measure of the first.
They sang a new song, and said, You will take the scroll, and break it open; for you have been slain, and have poured out your blood on all the peoples, and on all the languages, and on all the peoples, and on all the peoples.
It was a day of fasting for the Jews, and the tomb was not far off. They buried him there.
Moses' father-in-law was a Kenite; and his sons and the sons of Judah went up with them out of the city of his father's hand, and came to the wilderness of Judah on the south of the Arabah, where they lived with them.
If I don't do the Father's work, don't believe me.
The footstool of the righteous is Yahweh's, And Yahweh loves the way of the righteous.
It happened, when the sun was going down, that a rebuke was spread among the army, saying, Every man to his own city, and every man to his own land.
Is it appropriate that you bring this man to me, who is foolish? Is he able to enter into my house?
He made two cherubim of acacia wood in the inner court, each one ten cubits high.
It is better to kill with the sword than to kill with a robber; for it is a waste of land, and a waste, as a robber passes by.
They shall hear your words: go you, and the elders of Israel, to the king of Egypt, and tell him, The God of the Hebrews, Yahweh, has found us; now therefore let us go into the wilderness, and walk three days' journey, to sacrifice to Yahweh our God.
and one male goat for a sin offering; besides the continual burnt offering, and the meal offering of it, and the drink offering of it.
These are the seven stars which you saw in my right hand, and the seven lampstands of gold: the seven stars are the seven angels of the assembly, and the seven lampstands the seven assemblies.
The men said one to another, This Daniel, besides the law of his God, we can't find his deceit.
When the sailors of the city met me, I said to them, Have you seen what my soul desires?
There shall be three things in the midst of the tumult; and there shall be three things in the midst of the tumult:
Then Haman went in. The king said to him, What shall the king do to the man whom the king delights to honor? He said in his heart, Who is better than me to the man whom the king delights to honor?
The Levites departed from their suburbs, and from their inheritance, and came to Judah and Jerusalem; for Jeroboam and his sons had thrown them out, and they would not have served Yahweh in the priest's office.
I didn't seek my own glory, but a word came to me, and I was judge of this matter.
Now therefore sin against Yahweh, the God of your fathers, and do that which is pleasing to him, and separate yourself from the peoples of the nations, and from the foreign daughters.
Then the satraps brought him into the satraps, and they gathered him up, and threw him up.
The sea was on twelve oxen, three toward the north, three toward the west, three toward the south, and three toward the east; and the sea was on the oxen, and the oxen toward the north.
He answered me, This is the word which Yahweh spoke to Zerubbabel, saying, It is not power, nor might, but my Spirit, says Yahweh of Armies.
Out of the tribe of Gad, Ramoth Gilead, the city of refuge for the slain, with its suburbs, and Mahanaim with its suburbs,
Behold, I will give this city into the hand of the Chaldeans, and into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and he shall take it.
For he teaches, and is not like their scribes.
I want to tell you that Timothy, our brother, has gone out of prison. If he comes, I will call him and I to you.
You have made my weeping into a dance. You have tied my robe to it. You have draped it with joy.
When the queen of Sheba had heard the name of Solomon, she came to Jerusalem, to test Solomon with a very great doctrine: and there were many who followed him, and there were many camels with spices and gold, and precious stones. When she came to Solomon, she spoke to him all that was in her heart.
Isaac's servants were digging in the valley, and found a spring of living water.
For Yahweh has made Sarah, Abraham's wife, a widow in the house of Abimelech, to be unmarried.
Every morning and every evening shall burn an offering made by fire to Yahweh, with a burnt offering, and with a sweet savor: and there shall be a set bread on the holy table, and a golden lampstand and a lampstand for every evening; for we have kept the commandment of Yahweh our God; but you have forsaken it.
He who sits on a throne before his neighbor is a fool.
Yahweh, the God of Israel, our fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, make your people a constant reminder of this thought, and prepare their hearts to turn to you;
The king said to him, What have you done? He answered, Most assuredly I am a widow, and my husband is dead.
I have not sat in the assembly of the rich. I have held my peace because of your wrath, Because you have filled me with wrath.
Mephibosheth had a son who was old, whose name was Micah: and all the men of the house of Ziba were servants to Mephibosheth.
The wolf shall roar in the camp, and the lion shall roar in the palace of his majesty. Babylon is come from the time of her distress. Her days are not yet fulfilled.
My affliction is profit to me, That I may learn your statutes.
But he said to the wicked, Why do you prophesy my statutes, And speak my covenant with them?
that he might show to the generations to come the fullness of his grace, which is through the loving kindness which he has shown us through Christ Jesus.
Sing to him, sing to him, Pray for all his wonders.
Moses said, I will go out from you, and I will ask Yahweh that the captains of thousands depart from Pharaoh, and from his servants, and from his people; but Pharaoh shall do no more deceit, nor let the people go out to sacrifice to Yahweh.
I will scatter you among the nations, and I will scatter you among the countries; and I will take away your abominations from you.
I will make you a great nation, and I will bless you, and will make your name great, and you shall be blessed.
What then is the law? The law is for men to know what is a trespass, and what is an oath, which the angel has ordained through one of them, until the coming of the promised Son.
For we have seen and heard nothing that we can't live with.
His master shall bring him to the place where he worships God; and he shall bring him near to the door or to the gate: and his master shall number his ears, and he shall serve this master forever.
Have you entered into the waters of the sea? Have you gone into secret places in the deep?
Yahweh spoke to Moses in the plains of Moab by the Jordan at Jericho, saying,
Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: As for Ahab the son of Koraiah, and Zedekiah the son of Maaseiah, who prophesy lies to you in my name, behold, I will deliver them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and he shall kill them before you.
Is it the time that I prepare for trouble, And for the day of slain men?
The children of Israel were very afflicted that day; for Saul swore to the people, saying, Cursed be he who eats, until I have sinned before my enemies. Therefore the people ate nothing.
Jesus said to him, Come, and I will heal him.
He will make the voice of the Lord with the spirit of Elijah, and with the power of the Spirit; and he will heal the fatherless and the sons and daughters; and he will cause the rebellious to follow the wisdom of the righteous, and will prepare the hearts of the people to meet the Lord.
and among the fathers' houses, and among their generations, and among their wives, and among their sons, and among their daughters, and among all the congregation; for they believed that they were holy in their own eyes.
The merchants of Sheba and Ramah fought against you: they brought to you all the best spices, and all the precious stones, and all the gold.
Therefore the name of the city was called Babel; for there Yahweh struck the speech of the ears; and Yahweh scattered men from there on the surface of all the earth.
Behold, there is a place here to me, says Yahweh, and you shall stand on the rock.
They didn't hope for the altar which was made by their hands, Neither did they look at the pillar that was made by their own hands, Nor at the sun's rays.
I saw under the sun that there was wickedness in the land of judgment, and in the land of righteousness there was wickedness.
When the grass grew in the morning, it was unfruitful. When the frogs were snared in the evening, they were dried up.
Son of man, take a sword, and make a sword for your head, and cut off your hair and your teeth, and then you shall pierce it with a rod, and break it open.
But the eyes of the wicked are purple. They have no escape. Their hope is as thick as smoke.
I tell you, Yahweh your God, who lives, there is no nation, nor nation, and my lord has sent no one to you there. If they say, and he isn't here, then they swear that they will not find you in that nation.
The word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah.
Behold, there shall remain the remnant, the children who are taken captive; behold, they shall come to you; and you shall see their ways, and their doings, and shall speak concerning all the evil that I have brought on Jerusalem, which I have brought on them; and you shall be comforted.
When they heard me, they waited, and waited for me.
Jehoshaphat walked in the ways of Asa his father, and didn't turn from him, to do that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh: but the high places were not taken away; and the people sacrificed and burnt incense in them.
He redeems your soul from death, And makes love and tender mercies your crown.
But these are our treasures, like vessels made of dust, that the greatness of the power might be revealed to God, and not to us.
It happened after these things, that he passed over the sea of Galilee, which is on the other side of the sea of Tiberias.
When the centurion who was before him saw his groaning, he said, Truly this is the Son of God.
the priest shall offer one for a sin offering, and one for a burnt offering; and the priest shall make atonement for him before Yahweh for his iniquity.
He shall make atonement for the sanctuary of the Holy One, and shall make atonement for the tent of meeting, and for the altar; and he shall make atonement for all the priests, and for all the congregation.
When you call, I answer you. You have loved the work of your hands.
He took a silver coin, and showed me the image. Whose is this image and the number? They said, Caesar's.
Go to the hill of Abarim, and to the top of Nebo, and to the land of Moab beyond Jericho, and see the land of Canaan, which I have given to the children of Israel for an inheritance.
For I know that you will bring me to death, To the house which is set up for all life.
The judges shall reign; and they shall strike the king's throne, and destroy it, and destroy it to the end of the earth.
In the eighth year you shall graze, and eat the fruit of the ground, even the bread of the harvest, until the year of harvest, when you eat the fruit of the ground.
All who saw it came out to see it. When they came to Jesus, a demon came out from the man. When they saw that he was clothed with a demon, and sitting at Jesus' feet, they marveled greatly.
They shaved for you, and girded themselves with sackcloth, and wept with a heavy heart, and cried out exceedingly.
God will save Lot, the righteous man, For he has grieved greatly for the wicked.
It happened on the next day in the morning, that the people rose up, and built an altar there, and offered burnt offerings and peace offerings.
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance.
They found an Egyptian in the field, and brought him to David: and they gave him bread, and he ate, and gave him water to drink.
Joseph looked at his brothers, and saw that they were familiar; and he lied to them, and spoke foolishly to them, and said to them, From where have you come? They said, From the land of Canaan have you eaten bread.
They cover me like a perfume, Like a burning fiery fire. I have consumed them in the name of Yahweh.
He made a memorial for the children of Israel in the midst of the priests' houses, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
For he will turn your son away from following me, and will serve other gods; and Yahweh will be angry with you, and will drive you away.
In the forty-ninth year that I brought you into the wilderness, there was no blemish on your skin, neither was there any blemish on your feet.
When he lies down, look to the place where he lies, and go into the place where his feet are, and lie down there: and he will tell you what you shall do.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
He has reduced my strength to a bribe. He has made my days a desolation.
They say, It is for the belly, and the belly for the food. But God will destroy both of them. The body is not for sexual immorality, but for the Lord, and the Lord will raise up our bodies.
It happened after these things, that Yahweh struck him, and broke his bones in pieces, so that he could not recover them.
I hurried, because Yahweh said that he would destroy you; and I hurried before Yahweh forty days and forty nights.
and in the land of the children of Issachar, Kedesh with its suburbs, and Dabir with its suburbs;
The rings of gold that were on them were fifty shekels; and the rings of the bracelets were of gold.
But if a man finds a pregnant woman in the field, he will kill her; but he who kills her will die.
All who were numbered of them, from twenty years old and upward, were sixty-three thousand five hundred fifty, weighed according to the weight of the ark of the sanctuary: and they gave every man ten shekels of silver, even one Pekah.
But he said to them, Woe to you law teachers! For you have given men a burden that is no more; but you yourselves refuse to bend a finger to defy them.
Laban went and took the sheep; and Rachel stole the idols of their father's house.
Three days went he out of the midst of it; and the whole land was darkened.
five hundred frankincense, and a hin of oil, according to the measure of the sanctuary.
Take heed to yourself, and observe your precepts, and do them with all your heart and with all your soul; for they will save you, yourself and those who hear your precepts.
You shall make the boards for the tent of meeting of cedar.
What then is my reward? That I preach the Good News to all men, but I don't preach the Good News at all.
King Jehoram went up to Jezreel to heal his wound, which the Syrians had struck when he fought with Hazael king of Syria at Ramoth: and Ahaziah the son of Jehoram king of Judah went down to Jehoram the son of Ahab to examine Joram the son of Ahab, because he was sick.
As for this man, it is written, I will send my messenger before you. He will be your messenger, and he will open to you.
He shall go forth to the altar before Yahweh, and shall make the altar of sacrifices; and he shall take the blood of the bulls, and the blood of the goats, and shall put them on the horns of the altar round about.
Therefore we are full of strength all the days of our lives, knowing that we are yet living in flesh, far from the house which the Lord has prepared for us.
They sought him, and stood in the temple, and said to one another, What do you think? Will he be able to pass over the feast?
Therefore we sent another brother with them, and he proved us many times, and we knew that he was willing to help. Now therefore he was exceedingly steadfast in his heart to help you, and he is more willing to help you.
and the priests, and the Levites, who shall always offer burnt offerings and offerings; and they shall do the same thing before me.
Now therefore, Lord Yahweh, you are God, and your words are truth; and you have blessed your servant with this blessing.
They sacrificed to their gods, and brought the people to the house; and the people ate their sacrifices, and worshiped their gods.
Even though I am anointed king, I am defiled this day: these are the more mighty than I, son of Zeruiah: Yahweh requite him who does evil, according to his wickedness.
Woe to those who are wise in their own eyes, And wise in their own eyes!
You shall be a terror and a trembling in the midst of all the nations where Yahweh shall lead you; and you shall be a stumbling block and a stumbling block among them.
Judah and Shelah themselves were prophets; and they comforted the saints with many words, and established their faith.
There was a man named Ananias, whose inheritance he didn't possess, he, nor Sapphira his wife.
Your horns have sinned. Your shields have rebelled against me.
For as the lightning flashes on the east, so will the Son of Man happen on the west.
The children of Israel heard, and said, Behold, the children of Reuben, and the children of Gad, and the half-tribe of Manasseh, shall build an altar before the land of Canaan, by the bank of the Jordan; and the children of Israel shall pass over.
Let all the nations rejoice with his people; For he will rebuke the blood of his servants, And recompense his enemies, And will redeem his land and the sin of his people.
But the Holy Spirit testifies to me in every city, that treachery and trouble await me.
If the children of Israel keep all my commandments which I command them, according to all the law which Moses my servant commanded them, then will I no more cause their feet to fall, from the land which I gave to their fathers.
The rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and his abominations, and his abominations, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel and Judah. Jehoiachin his son reigned in his place.
He who betrayed him said to them in the night, He whom I kiss is Jesus. Take him, and let him go.
Absalom came near to the king, and said, Now your servants are bringing sheep, and they are sending the king, and his servants, and his servants.
This is the image: its head is pure gold; its breasts and its hands are silver; its waist and its great shoulders brass;
I have afflicted those who mock you. I have bound myself.
The Lord, the Spirit, is there speaking. The place where the Lord's Spirit is will be taken away.
The two horns that were on the side of the tent were on two boards.
Let the king be as the rain that falls on the grass, As the rain that pours on the ground when it rains.
One man for another in a valley of judgment; for the days of Yahweh are at hand, in a valley of judgment.
He has listened to me with his ears. Therefore I will cry to him all the days of my life.
The mountains were scattered, and the stones surrounded them.
Then I rebuked the nobles and the rulers in my heart, and said to them, You give every man to his brother. So I gathered together the council, and rebuked them.
Jesus said to them, You are called righteous before men, but God knows your heart, for men are called honorable, but from God are abhorred.
But he is wounded for our transgressions, and is slain for our iniquities; he bears punishment, and we have peace; he is struck, and we have healing.
The stars of the sky shall not be numbered, Nor the sand of the sea shall be numbered: thus will I multiply my servant David's seed with my Levites.
Those who believe that Jesus is the Christ are children of God, who love their parents, and their children whom they have borne.
He set two scribes before him, and testified against him, saying, You have blasphemed Yahweh and the king; and they took him out, and stoned him with stones.
Abraham said, God will raise Isaac from the dead, and it will be known that Isaac is dead, and is come again.
On the third day and on the seventh day, the unclean person shall wash his unclean linen, and on the seventh day shall he be unclean; and he shall wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh in water, and be unclean until the evening.
Therefore many of you will perish and be sick, and none of you will die.
You have done well in righteousness, and have played the prostitute with the Assyrians. You have played the prostitute with them, but it is not finished.
Paul and Silas passed through Antioch and Antioch, and came to Thessalonica, where was the synagogue of the Jews.
For those who seek this people are sent by them. Those who seek them are devoured.
For it is written, He has made man a wicked man, and it shall be written on me; and the things which are written concerning me shall be written in truth.
For the violent has passed away, and the slanderer has perished; and everyone who seeks the retribution of wickedness is cut off.
Assyria can't save us; neither can we ride on horses, nor say any more to the work of our hands, You are our god; for your fathers have mercy on you.
Hold your peace, all you islands, before me. Let all of you find new strength. Come near, and speak. Let all of us be reasoned together.
Then we took all his cities, and destroyed the cities of the habitations, and left neither woman nor child.
It happened on the next day, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
My sanctuary shall be among them forever; and the nations shall know that I am Yahweh, that I may sanctify Israel.
From the ground even to the door of the gate were cherubim and palm trees: so was the wall of the house.
The threshold of the house was twenty cubits, and the breadth of the house ten cubits, and the breadth of the gate ten cubits.
Yahweh has brought evil on the people, because they were bulls, which Aaron had made.
For if I am a lawful man, I am a lawful man, and I believe in the Lord, not that I don't keep the law of God, but that I am under the law of Christ.
Therefore, being foreigners, you were made uncircumcised by the uncircumcision of those who were numbered of them, who circumcised themselves with their hands.
I looked in the visions of the night, and behold, there came a man like a man in the cloud of the sky, and he was with him in the great Old Testament; and they brought him before the man.
Yahweh your God, who is before you, he will fight for you, as he did for you in Egypt for all that he did before your eyes.
For the daughters of my city have made me to see sorrow.
The woman bore a son, whom she was about to cast out by the sword against all the nations; and his son was brought before God to his throne.
Remember that you were bondservants in Egypt. Keep these statutes.
In all the cities where the king's days were, the Jews rejoiced and rejoiced, and set the feast day to be a good day: and the people of the land came in great numbers into Judah because of the fear of Judah.
Therefore walk in your wisdom, and don't allow her gray hair to go down to Sheol in peace.
All the people mocked him, but Jesus drove out the multitudes, and brought into the child's womb his father and his disciples, with him into the womb.
As you sent me into the world, I also sent them into the world.
Thus says the Bible, Abraham believed in God, and he was justified by God.
Abraham was buried with Abimelech because of this thing, when Abimelech's servants drew near to a spring of water.
The captain of the army of the tribe of the children of Zebulun was Eliab the son of Zebulun.
Moses told to his father-in-law all that Yahweh had done for Israel to Pharaoh, and to the Egyptians, and to all the prisoners who were found in the way, and how Yahweh had saved them.
He said to them, What do you mean by bread? They said to him, Seven loaves and a few fish.
The captain of the pan in the first month was Jashobeam the son of Zabdeel; and in his pan were twenty-four thousand men.
Go, Judah, and see, I have delivered the land into his hand.
I didn't send them, says Yahweh; but they prophesied falsely in my name, so that I drove you out, and all the prophets who prophesied in your name, and they perished together.
It shall happen, when he sees him who is healed standing by them, that he shall have no defense.
Yes, all the nations of the earth shall be blessed, because of your seed, because you have obeyed my voice.
But the devil wants to make me afraid, that he may make me to sin, and that he may prophesy evil against me.
and let my enemies say, I am better than he; and let my enemies rejoice when I fall.
Who is this who comes out of the wilderness, and makes a pillar like a burning fire, and gives it a sweet savor with honey, and with frankincense, and with all the spices of the trade?
I will show myself to them. They shall come forth out of the midst of the fire, but the fire shall consume them. When I show myself to them, you shall know that I am Yahweh.
For I have heard that you have love to the people of God, and faith to the Lord Jesus.
All the people who went on after him cried out with a loud voice, Hosanna, son of David, Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord! Hosanna, the Most High God!
Bring your younger brother to me, and your words shall be quiet, and you shall not die: and they did so.
It happened in the evening, that David rose up from his bed, and went on his way in the king's house: and behold, a woman was bathed, and she was beautiful in the house.
The angel of Yahweh spoke to Joshua, saying,
For there is a condemnation in this world. There is no condemnation in the world, but there is evil in him who condemns.
He said to him, My friend, why don't you wear a robe here?' But he held his peace.
But you have delivered us from our enemies, And made those who hate us ashamed.
It happened in the first month, that all the congregation of the children of Israel came to the wilderness of Zin; and the people lived in Kadesh: and there Miljam died, and was buried.
Jeremiah answered Zedekiah, If I tell you, will you not kill me? If I tell you, you will not hear.
Remember, Yahweh, that your enemies will blaspheme you, And fools will profane your name.
Then I will be the God of all the chambers of Israel, says Yahweh; and they shall be my people.
Ben Hadad king of Syria gathered together all his army: thirty-two kings with him, horses, and chariots, went up against him to Samaria.
This life has appeared, and we have seen it, and have testified about it, that you may know the eternal life, which he has revealed to us with the Father.
But the men stretched out their hands, and brought Lot into the house, and shut the door.
I remember your name in the night, Yahweh. I keep your law.
You shall leave the sacrifice before the altar, and you shall go in to your brothers, and you shall return to the sacrifice.
Therefore he has poured out on him the wrath of the authorities, and the snares of the battle: he is like a fire round about him; he doesn't know it; it devours him, and he doesn't repent.
But the chariot driver lives, though his spirit is dead.
He made the boards for the tent of meeting of acacia wood.
A wise man speaks in quietness, More than the head of fools shouts.
From there he went up against the inhabitants of Debir (the name of this Debir was Kiriath Sepher.)
If a man takes his sister, his brother or his sister, and sees her naked, and sees her naked, it is an abomination: they shall be cut off from before the eyes of his people; and he shall bear his iniquity.
When he opened one of the seven passages, I saw, and behold, a living animal was heard, and he said, Come!
Bethany, you have made three covenants in Jerusalem.
He measured his ephah, and there were walls round about, five hundred cubits long, and five hundred cubits broad, for separating the holy and the quiet.
Yahweh made a covenant with them, and commanded them, saying, Don't fear other gods, neither worship, nor serve them, nor sacrifice to them.
Moses cried to Yahweh his God, and said, Why have you been so angry with your people, Yahweh? for you have brought them out of the land of Egypt with great strength and with a mighty hand.
This was the division of their work, to enter into the house of Yahweh, according to the way which Aaron their fathers walked in, according to the commandment of Yahweh, the God of Israel.
It shall happen on the seventh day, that the priest shall examine the plague; and behold, if the seed doesn't thresh, neither shall there be any itch in the midst of the seed, neither shall the appearance of the seed enter into the skin;
Therefore put on all the armor of God which he has given you, that in the day of evil you may stand up against your adversaries, and be steadfast in your defense.
We saw there the Anakim, the great men, the children of the great. As we saw ourselves as locusts, so we saw them.
Then the scribes and the chief priests knew that this parable was with them, and they wanted to lay their hands on him, but they were afraid of all.
When the unrighteous man came, he relied on all the power of Satan, and walked in false signs and wonders.
Escape, you inhabitants of Hazor, and flee far off, and hide yourselves; for Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon has set his face to kill you, and he has set his face against you.
For this cause will I meet with you, says Yahweh, and with your sons and with your daughters.
Are you yet saying before those who kill you, I am God?' But you are a man, and not God, in the hand of those who kill you.
You shall surely let the donkey go, but the young donkey shall you take away: so shall you be blessed, and shall eat long days.
Thus says Yahweh to Judah and to Jerusalem, Go up to your land, and don't plant it in a mound.
The second day the king asked Esther in the midst of the battle, saying, Esther, queen, what have you put on? I will give it to you. What have you asked? One third of the kingdom will be satisfied.
The king of Israel said, Shall we gather these three kings together, that Yahweh may deliver them into the hand of Moab?
Yahweh testified against me, But he didn't deliver me up to death.
He who sows a field will have enough food. He who has no water will be a liar.
Some have a great eye, and their eyes have a great eye.
It happened on the sixth day, that they took a little more than two omer: and all the chiefs of the congregation came and told Moses.
You shall offer no other incense on it, neither burnt offering, nor meal offering, nor drink offering, on it.
For there will be great evil in those days, which have not yet been created by God, and will never again be.
Your loving kindness, Yahweh, is deceived. Teach me your statutes.
So Boaz took Ruth as wife, and she bore him a son, after that Yahweh had made him a son.
But a man is made to be afflicted, and to be like a burning fiery cup.
It happened, while the twelve were eating, that he appeared to them, and rebuked their disobedience and their hardness of heart, because they didn't believe the words of those who saw him and who believed him.
Wealth and honor are from you, and you rule over all things. Out of your hand are power and great power, to exalt, and to exalt the multitude.
Brothers, I have made myself and Apollos for you to speak these things, that you may learn from us that which is written, Don't be proud, neither be honorable, neither despise one of you.
For your wrath is kindled against me, and for your pride your words are come to my ears. I will put my arrows on your nose, and my ephod in your mouth, that you may return from your journey.'
For I say this, that you may be free from blasphemies.
You made the tribe of Levi to come near, and stood before Aaron the priest, that he might minister to him.
He shall take from it a portion of the meal offering, and oil, and all the frankincense that is in the meal offering, and burn it on the altar for a memorial, and shall offer it as a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Then I weighed it, and delivered it into their hand: six hundred talents of silver, and a talent of silver, and a talent of gold,
But whatever he steals, whether a bull, or a donkey, or a sheep, remains in his hand, he shall forfeit it.
Behold, Hanamel the son of Shallum, your scribe, shall come to you, saying, Buy you a horse in the field of Anathoth; for the height of the burnt offering is on you.
When they came out, the Egyptians rejoiced greatly; for the Egyptians were afraid because of them.
For you say, I am rich, and am well-pleasing. I am without blemish;' but you don't know that you are defiled, afflicted, poor, blind, and naked.
The multitude asked him, What shall we do, that we may accomplish God's work?
These peoples honor me with their lips, But their hearts are far from me.
He said to the king, It is true that I have heard of you in the land, and of your wisdom.
Now therefore know for certain that you will die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence in the land where you go.
Thus says Yahweh, You shall remember no old thing, neither shall you think old things.
They shall be like the hair of a woman, And like the hair of a lion.
Write you a letter to all the captivity, saying, Yahweh has spoken concerning Shemaiah the Nehelamite, saying, Because she prophesied to you, I have not sent her, but she has made you trust in a liar;
For the sleeper sleeps in the night, and the drunkard sleeps in the night.
You hide them in secret places from men's counsel. You keep them in secret places from the bite of their tongue.
Yahweh, have you forsaken Judah? Has your heart abhorred Zion? Why have you struck us, that we may not be healed? We hope for peace, but there is no good; We hope for the famine, but there is no fear.
He said to them, Most assuredly I tell you, you will see the heavens open, and the angels of God rising up on the Son of Man.
Philip and Bethlehem; Thomas and Mattai the tax collector; James and Thatdai the sons of Arphaius;
Joseph put them all in custody three days.
The city had a great and high wall; and there were twelve gates in the wall; and twelve angels were at the gates: and every gate bore the name of the twelve tribes of the children of Israel.
Therefore I abhor myself. I repent between dust and fire.
Therefore hear the word of Yahweh, you deceitful men, you rulers over the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
Yahweh gave them to Jabin king of Canaan, who reigned in Hazaol: and his captain was Sheshai the captain of the army, who lived in Horosheth of the Gentiles.
The appearance of the locusts is like the appearance of a horse ready to go; and the crown of gold is on its head; and their faces are like the faces of a man.
He keeps the work of every man's hand, That all his work may know his works.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Behold, I will pour out my anger and my wrath on this land, on man and on animal, and on the fruit of the trees of the field and of the ground, as a fire that shall not be heard.
It is better for you not to think that it would be better for one man to die for all, than that all the peoples should perish.
When he had said this, he took bread, and gave thanks to God before all the people, and broke it, and ate it.
Show me your way, Yahweh; For you have guided me in the way of my enemies.
The sun will be darkened in the day of the Lord, In the day of his glory. The moon will be full of blood.
My beloved is mine, and I am his. He feeds his flock in the lilies.
The king of Babylon killed his sons before Zedekiah; and all the princes of Judah he killed at Riblah.
His firstborn bore a secret name: the mother of the prostitution of the earth, and of the abominations of the world, who lived in Babylon.
You who dwell in Moab, depart from these cities, and dwell on the rock, as you were sat on the sand.
Take heed to do all that the God of heaven has commanded, for the house of the God of heaven. Why then does the wrath come on the kingdom of the king and on the kingdom of his sons?
Then the king sent horses, and chariots, and a great army; and they came to the city by night, and stayed there.
As the lily of the hedge, So is my desire among the daughters.
If they don't listen, then will I drive them out of the land, and will drive them out and destroy them, says Yahweh.
Don't say, Why are the days of old longer than the days of old? For your question is not wise.
Woe to them! They die, and to their multitudes! Their treasures are no more, and there is no honor among them!
In that day there will be a vineyard of good fruit. Sing to the vineyard, and say,
There shall be a man before the priest's eyes who shall burn the calf, even the skin, the flesh, the blood, and the dung of it.
Now therefore bring us before Yahweh our God at this time: whatever he says, good or bad, we will all obey his voice; and if we obey the voice of Yahweh our God, we will prosper.
The three brothers of Saul and David, and all Israel, fought against the Philistines in the valley of Elah.
Ahab said to Elijah, Shall you seek me, my enemy? He said to him, I have found you; for you have done that which is evil in the sight of Yahweh.
Ephraim said, Most assuredly I am rich. I have found treasure. I have labored so much that I can't find iniquity, but sin.
Yahweh your God shall deliver him up to you; and you shall kill all his males with the edge of the sword.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Because you are all grown old, behold, I will gather you in Jerusalem.
But when I am raised, I will go before you into Galilee.
It happened on the next day, that the men of Ashdod arose, and behold, they fell on their faces before the ark of Yahweh, and fell on their faces to the ground: and they put the fall on their faces again.
For Yahweh rebukes him whom he loves, As his father rebukes his beloved son.
All the people were praying for him, and they said in their hearts, John is not the Christ.
The high priests of the Jews shall enter into the sanctuary year by year with the blood of the ox and of the sheep; and Christ shall not rebuke himself once and for all.
It happened after the death of Elon, that Abdon the son of Hilai, the Pilate, judged Israel.
He who touches anything that he does shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the evening.
Joshua said, Put away now all the foreign gods that are among you, that you may turn with all your heart to Yahweh, the God of Israel.
Reuben, Gad, Asher, Zebulun, Dan, and Naphtali, these tribes, shall stand on Mount Ebal to curse.
If his seed forsakes my law, And doesn't keep my ordinances;
They defied Uzziah the king, and said to him, Uzziah, it is not you who burn incense, but the sons of Aaron the priest, whom they have made to burn incense: depart from the temple; for you have sinned: Yahweh God will not give you glory in this.
The face of him is like a ruby and an emerald, and the throne is round about him, and he looks up like a ruby.
Moses and Aaron were summoned to Pharaoh. Pharaoh said to them, Go, serve Yahweh your God: but who are these who go, that they may?
For he sees their doings. He throws them down in the night, And they perish.
But when the Jews saw that they were doing it, they were exceedingly perplexed, and persecuted the words of Paul, and blasphemed him.
Blessed and cursed come out of one tongue. This is not acceptable, beloved brothers.
As for you, it is not better for a man to sit on the throne of your letter than that you should be sat on it.
Rejoice, you Zion, and be glad for Yahweh your God; for he has given you the last of the days, for your iniquities, which were before the floods and the floods.
Teach me, and I will hold my peace, And understand what will be wrong in the world.
David said to Michal, This is before Yahweh: he has chosen me over your father, and over all his house, to make me prince over the house of Yahweh, over Israel: therefore will I dance before Yahweh.
Open your mouth for the mute, And sigh for the mute.
Then the woman bore a son, and named him Samson. Yahweh blessed the child greatly.
They hated Moses, and Aaron, who was sanctified by Yahweh, in the camp.
Behold, I have called him Bezalel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah.
Jacob said to Rebekah his mother, No, but the body of my brother Esau has a door, and I am a lamp.
Then Solomon gathered together the elders of Israel, the princes of the tribes, and the heads of the fathers' houses of the children of Israel, to Jerusalem, to bring up the ark of the covenant of Yahweh out of the city of David, which is Zion.
So Solomon lived from Dan even to Beersheba, and all Judah and Israel, every man under the vine and under the fig tree, all the days of his life.
Jesus didn't answer him, but his disciples came to him, and begged him, and said, Throw him away, for he has cried out before us.
I will dwell with you for a little while, and I will be with you for a long time. So that wherever I go, wherever I go, you may send me out.
The pride that doesn't listen to your law is a pit to me.
Then came forth another horse, and he who rode on it would have authority, and would have turned back the peace from the earth, and would have killed him; and he would have a great sword.
Therefore I have made you a desolation and an astonishment to the people; because you have not walked in my word, and have sinned against men in the law.
Though they knew him, yet they didn't honor him, nor give him thanks: their heart was foolishness, and their understanding was filled with darkness.
He who is righteous for me has subdued them under my feet.
He will give you his crown. You will hide yourself in his crown. His faithfulness is the shield of greatness.
In that fifth month a man seeks death, but doesn't find it; and he seeks death, but doesn't find it.
It happened, when the prophet prophesied peaceably, that the prophet's words were confirmed, that he knew that Yahweh had sent the prophet.
Samson awoke at midnight, and rose up in the morning, and broke down the doors of the gate of the city, and the two bars of it, and the bars of it, and put them on the shoulder straps, and brought them up to the top of the hill that is over against Hebron.
Your dead body shall be food for the birds of the sky, and for the animals of the earth; and no one shall drive them away.
The heads of the guard, Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard, and Nebuzarathshuban the captain of the guard, and Zechariah the magician, and the officers of the king of Babylon,
When he saw the multitude, he said to his disciples, How hard it is for a rich man to enter into the Kingdom of God!
You shall clothe your waist with sackcloth, and weep with a loud voice for this; for the wrath of Yahweh will not turn away from us.
It happened the second time, as he went away, that Joseph was revealed to his brothers. Therefore Pharaoh knew the family of Joseph.
He said to them, Is this your son, who was born blind? Why do you see him?
If it is a wall, we will cast silver on it. If it is a door, we will put cedar beams on it.
They also ruled over those who had possessions, and over all those who did all the work, whatever they did: and the Levites had their lords: they were rulers, rulers, and keepers of tabernacles.
Now Hanamel, my avenger, has brought me to counsel me according to the word of Yahweh; and he said to me, Buy the field of Anathoth, which is in the land of Benjamin; for the inheritance and the dominion of it is yours; and I know that it is the word of Yahweh.
The gates of Judah were broken. On that day you saw the armor of the armies.
Yahweh said to Moses, Be a flaming serpent, and keep it on the ephod. He who sees it will live, and he who sees it will see it.
They mocked him, and beat him.
It shall happen, when Israel does deceit, that the Levites shall depart far from me, who do deceit, from after their idols; and they shall bear their iniquity.
Ephraim spoke, and they trembled. He sat on high in Israel: but he sinned in Baal, and died.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
according to the number of the people, according to the shekel of the sanctuary, five shekels; (the shekel is twenty-gerahs);
Eliakim, Shebna, and Joah, the sons of Hilkiah, spoke to Rabshakeh, saying, Please speak with your servants with the words of Syria; for we have heard it; don't speak with us with the words of Judah, that the people of the wall may hear it.
The Pharisees went out from the synagogue, and began to consult with Herod about what might be done to him.
I thank you and praise you, God of my fathers, For you have given me wisdom and power: Now have you shown me what we have asked of you; For you have shown us king's things.
The anointed priest shall take some of the blood of the bull, and bring it to the Tent of Meeting.
It happened, while they were burying the dead, that when they saw that the multitude was gathered together, that they cast the dead into the tomb of Elishah: and when the dead had touched the bones of Elishah, they rose up and stood.
He saved us not for our good works, but for his mercy. He saved us through the baptism of the firstborn, and through the word of the Holy Spirit.
Yahweh is my mountain, My stronghold, Who saves me.
So he put the people at ease, the army that was on the north, and the army that was on the west; and Joshua went into the valley that night.
When the Lamb opened the second seal, I heard the second living creature saying, Come!
Azariah the son of Nathan was chief; Zabbut the son of Nathan priest; and he was the king's friend;
Whoever curses his father, or his mother, his lamp shall be exalted in the darkness.
The messenger came and said, Thus says Ben Hadad, I will send to you, that you may deliver to me your money, and your gold, and your wife, and your sons and your daughters.
For the four Levites bore their burdens on the heads of the doors of the gates, and on the chambers of the house of Yahweh, and on the treasures of it.
You taught me, God, from my youth. Now I proclaim your wonders.
The Lord gave a word to the house of Jacob, and the word came to the children of Israel.
Daniel said to the king, Long live the king.
You have enlarged the land which my feet tread on, And my feet have not fallen.
You shall burn the city with fire, after you have taken it; and you shall do according to the word of Yahweh: and behold, I command you.
I am a wandering sheep. Bring your servant again, For I don't forget your commandments.
Then the king commanded Jeram the king, and Shelaiah the son of Asherah, and Shelemiah the son of Abilene, to carry away captive Baruch the scribe, and Jeremiah the prophet; but Yahweh brought them up.
I will always give thanks to you. I will praise your name forever.
I took off my robe, and said, God remove everyone who doesn't do this word from his house, and from his inheritance, as he has done. All the congregation said, Amen, and praise Yahweh. The people did as it was written.
He who sanctifies his life shall have it, and he who sanctifies his life shall have it.
I was a preacher, and I was king over Israel in Jerusalem.
then the kings, and the king's relatives, and the throne of David, and they, and their relatives, and the Jews, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and the chariots, and the horses; and they came into the gate of this city; and the city shall be for ever.
When his relatives heard it, they went out to steal it; for they said that his spirit was dead.
You, God of Israel, confirm what you have spoken to David your servant, my father.
Let them all hope in me, that they may be saved; for I am Yahweh, and there is none else.
Peter answered him, Lord, if it be you, command me to go to you in waters.
He who instructs the wise, he will be wiser. He who teaches the righteous, he will be wiser.
If Yahweh does a new thing, and opens the mouth of the earth, and swallows them up, and all that they have, and causes them to live to fall to Sheol; then you shall know that these men despise Yahweh.
My hand has taken the treasures of the nations, as the carcass of a bird. I have gotten the whole earth, as the carcass of two forsaken birds. There is no snare, nor open mouth, nor cry.
Don't seek peace for evil-doers, Neither be puffed up for evil-doers.
You don't know the way of the wind. You don't know how the bones are broken in the womb. So you don't know the work of the dead God.
Then Jesus said to his disciples, If anyone desires to follow me, let him put away his cross, and follow me.
For he who is righteous is one who praises the Lord, and not one who boasts.
Many followed him, because they saw the signs of his healing.
I will scatter them among the nations, a nation which neither they nor their fathers knew; and I will cause the sword to pursue them, until I have consumed them all.
The priest shall make atonement for the congregation of the children of Israel; and they shall be forgiven; for it is a trespass; and they shall bring their offering before Yahweh for their trespass, the burnt offering of Yahweh, and the sin offering of the sin offering of the children of Israel.
Some of the scribes sat there, and spoke in their hearts, saying,
You shall not have a prostitute among the children of Israel; neither shall you have a prostitute among the children of Israel.
It happened on the third day, that Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw the place afar off.
The lord said to him, It is good, and it is good, my servant, that you have set you over ten cities, though you were small in stature.
See therefore your ways with all your heart, and don't be ignorant, but be wise.
Yahweh spoke by the prophet Jeremiah to Babylon, and to the land of the Chaldeans, saying,
My heart is greatly troubled. How long, Yahweh, will you save me?
I took a morsel of bread, and gave it to you for a token of thanksgiving, and went away: and when you came to us, accept the way of your servants. They said, Do according to your word.
Why do you stand far off, Yahweh? Why do you hold your peace in our distresses?
Paul took Silas away, and the brothers gave them up to the grace of the Lord.
John said to him, Rabbi, we have seen a man casting out demons in your name. We have halted him, because he has not followed us.
For concerning them Yahweh said, They shall surely die in the wilderness: therefore there was not a man left, except Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun.
When they had made an end of seeking, they took the money, and brought it to the apostles.
So then, when she is raised, will she be a wife among them? For the seven will take her.
The pins of it were six, and three pins were on the one side of the lampstand, and three pins on the other side of the lampstand;
The angel of Yahweh didn't show himself to Manoah, nor to his wife; but Manoah knew that he was the angel of Yahweh.
You give them eyes to eat. You give them many eyes to drink.
The wickedness of my feet has overtaken me. In these days of affliction I am not afraid.
Cry aloud, Yahweh! Turn your ear, and hear, you inhabitants of Karib! Ah, Anathoth, afflicted and afflicted!
Don't let your heart be wrathful, For anger is in the heart of fools.
He took the gold, and the silver, and the vessels, and the treasures of the king's house, which Obed-Edom had kept in the house of Yahweh; and he took men, and bound them, and returned to Samaria.
It happened after these things, that the woman, the lord of the house, was sick, and very sick, so that there was not a member of her body.
The chiefs took the horsemen's bridles, and other precious stones, to give to the ephod and to the breastplate.
The days come, says Yahweh, that I will raise up the righteous horn of David: and he shall rule as king, and do wisdom, and do justice and righteousness on the earth.
Yahweh has opened his army, and lifted up his wrath out of his mouth; for the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, has done that which is right in the land of the Chaldeans.
The terrors have turned to me. They have taken away my glory like the wind. My blessing is like a cloud.
He said to them, The Sabbath is ordained for men, and not for men to be made for the Sabbath.
Now therefore, my sons, listen to me, and listen to the words of my mouth.
He cried with a loud voice, Jesus, the Son of the Most High, have you come to intercede for me? I have called on you in the name of God. Don't chastise me.
Yahweh said to Moses, Stretch out your hand toward the sky, and make the land of Egypt dark; and the darkness of it shall be dark, so that it shall not be touched.
But I didn't cut him in pieces for any of his sins which he should have committed. I sent him to Caesar, knowing that he had been executed by the king.
Moses and Aaron went out from Pharaoh; and Moses cried to Yahweh for the fig tree which he had sent to Pharaoh.
Then Nebuchadnezzar the king gathered the governors, and the scribes, and the scribes, and the scribes, and the scribes, and the scribes, and the scribes, and the psalmists, and the psalmists, and the psalmists, and the rulers of the provinces, and gave them to the king Nebuchadnezzar, that he might do the vow
Then he will be circumcised, and the circumcision is a sign, that God will consider him righteous before he was circumcised, because he believed. Therefore God will consider him righteous from those who were not circumcised, saying, Abraham was their father.
I have made you as a chariot of Pharaoh's.
You preserve me before me. You lay your hand on me.
Don't think, I will repay the wicked. Wait for Yahweh, and he will deliver you.
The servant went and told his lord these things. The lord said to his servant, Go out into the streets of the city, and seek the poor, the sick, the blind, and the lame.'
It happened, when David returned to bless his household, that Michal the daughter of Saul came out to meet David, and said, The king of Israel has a great glory this day: the handmaid is in the sight of the servants of his servants this day, as a man who has no fear of his handmaid.
I have heard many of these words. All of your comforts are a stumbling block.
The woman of that house covered her mouth with sackcloth, and washed her face, and she didn't receive her education.
saying, I will go up to the country of the villages, and to the people who remain in peace; and the place where they dwell shall not be walled, nor gated, nor left;
Yahweh, my God, I trust in you. Deliver me from all those who pursue me, and deliver me.
Hanun cut off the teeth of the servants of David by a cubit; and he ripped off his clothes from among them to the uttermost parts of the earth, and sent them away.
The king of the north shall enter into the kingdom of the king of the south; but he shall return to his place.
He reigned, and was eighty years old, and didn't depart from the temple, but fasted day and night, praying to God.
You shall make two cherubim of gold, and shall make them of beaten work, and shall put them on the two ends of the mercy seat.
He lifted up his eyes, and looked at his disciples, and said, Blessed are you, poor and needy, for the Kingdom of God is yours.
For Abraham was praying for the city which God had made, that it might be built.
If your eyes were bright, the whole body was dark; and if the light of your chamber was dark, the darkness was darkness.
There was evening and there was morning, three days.
He said to him, I am very fervent in the sight of Yahweh, the God of Armies, because the children of Israel have forsaken your covenant, and destroyed your altars, and slain your prophets with the sword: I have left only one man, who seeks my life, and seeks to kill me.
Jehoshaphat had much wealth and honor, and became a close relative to Ahab.
Their works are written in their heart, according to the word of the law; and their heart is faithful; for their hearts rebuke themselves, and they prophesy for themselves.
He who doesn't understand the truth of the Kingdom of Heaven shall be as he who planted it by the road. When the devil comes, he takes it away from his heart.
When they came to Samaria, they killed all who were left of Ahab in Samaria, and destroyed them all, according to the word of Yahweh, which he spoke to Elijah.
Don't forsake me in my old age. Don't forsake me in my strength.
(for the Athenians, and the foreigners who dwell there, love to speak, and to hear the new things, and to be forgotten);
Oh that there was no child that night! Oh that there was no cheer among them!
When Uzziah was strong, his heart was lifted up, and he was destroyed, and rebelled against Yahweh his God; for he entered into the house of Yahweh, to burn incense on the altar of incense.
In the midst of the foolish young men, I saw with my eyes a young man who was untrained,
For it is written, If a man desires to live, and to pass over the days of good, he shall be bound to speak evil with his mouth, and shall not speak lies.
I will give my portion, and answer, And set my cause in order.
The king drank of wine, and anointed himself with the most excellent oil; but he didn't bear for Joseph's ruin.
So all the blood of the prophets from the creation of the world will be poured out on you,
The rest of the meal offering shall be Aaron's and his sons'; it is the most holy of the offerings made by fire to Yahweh.
The sun has the sun's light, and the moon has the moon's light, and the stars have the stars; and the light of the stars is not like it.
He said, Tailored garments are for the bridegroom.
His affliction is like light. Out of his hand shines forth light. There he dwells in his might.
It was told Jacob, saying, Behold, Joseph your son comes to you. Then Israel arose, and sat on his bed.
For I have given you wealth and wisdom, that your enemies may not be haughty or blasphemed.
If your brother, or your son, or your daughter, or a wife of your heart, or a friend of your life, ensnare you secretly, saying, Let us go and serve other gods, which you have not known, you, nor your fathers;
Were we able to testify against you, When we saw you sick or in prison?'
He heard the voice of Peter, and was glad, and didn't forget to open the door, and ran to his steward, and said, Peter is standing at the door.
Joshua said, Thus shall you know that Yahweh, who lives, will rule before you over the Canaanites, and over the Hittites, and over the Hivites, and over the Perizzites, and over the Gigashite, and over the Amorites, and over the Jebusites;
It happened on the next day, that the army returned to the camp, and sent the horsemen to deliver Paul.
Seven days shall there be no light on you round about: you shall not leave a little of the flesh of the sacrifice of the first day until the morning.
Jesus said to him, The salvation comes to this house this day, because he is Abraham's son.
All the kings of the earth came to see Solomon, to hear his wisdom, which God had given him in his heart.
Neither has the world seen me any more, but you have seen me; for I am alive, and you are alive.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five male lambs a year old. This was the offering of Eliab the son of Zeruoh.
Peter and John laid their hands on them, and they were filled with the Holy Spirit.
He prepared seven trumpets for the seven angels, ready to blow.
Moses said to Aaron, Take the censer, and put the fire of the altar in it, and put the censer on it, and bring it to the congregation, and make atonement for them; for wrath has poured out on Yahweh, and the pestilence is gone out.
The king said, Return him to his house, and don't see my face. Absalom returned to his house, and didn't see the king's face.
When he heard these things, his face was shaken, and he departed from him, because he had much wealth.
neither shall you enter into the land where I swore to you; but Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun, shall enter into it.
It happened, when we cried to Yahweh, that he heard our voice, and sent messengers to bring us out of Egypt; and we are in Kadesh, which is by you.
But the land that was afflicted was no more darkened; and God defied the land of Zebulun and Naphtali, and gave it the way to the sea, and the border of the Jordan, and Galilee of the Gentiles.
For his eyes look at the way of every man, And see his steps.
It happened after this, that he died, and the angel brought him into Abraham's heart. The rich man also died, and was buried.
When they heard this, they were very glad, and asked him for money. Judas looked, and saw what might be done to him.
Blessed are you in the city, And blessed are you in the field.
But Vashti the queen refused to come, and didn't listen to the king's commandment, which he commanded him: therefore the king was very angry, and his heart was burning like fire.
that I may return to my father's house in peace; that Yahweh may be my God;
All the males of the priests shall eat of them; it is most holy.
So love was perfected among us, that we might be happy and not afraid in the day of judgment, for we have the same life as Jesus in this world.
He has given us to be bondservants under the covenant of reconciliation, which is not written in letters, but in the Spirit; and the written word will die, but the Spirit will give life.
You have broken the word of God, because you wanted to keep your ordinances.
David did that which Yahweh commanded him; and they struck all the armies of the Philistines, from Gibeon even to Gezer.
For we ourselves are Jews, and not foreigners, as some say.
But when the husband hears that he has cut him off, he shall bear the iniquity of the woman.
For you were chosen according to the will of God the Father, and according to the Holy Spirit, to be holy, to obey Jesus Christ, and to be justified by his blood. Grace to you and peace be with you all.
Let your father-in-law rejoice. Let your mother-in-law rejoice.
Behold, this is the joy of his way: and afterward another will come out of the earth.
His eyes shall not depart from the righteous. He shall reign with the king forever. They shall be exalted.
David lived in the stronghold of the midst of the country, and stayed in the hill country of the wilderness of Jihu. Saul sought him day by day, but God didn't deliver him into his hand.
There were also doors for three waters, for a measure and for a measure; so were the three waters.
You shall choose three men of your tribes, and I will send them; and they shall pass through the land, and go on their way, and return to me according to their number.
The earth will tremble like a drunken man, And will tremble like a drunken man. The waters will be on them, And they will fall, And they will not rise again.
But if God is merciful to us, and has given us this burden, we will no more be burned.
They shall bring your brothers again out of the midst of the nations; and they shall bring their horses, and their chariots, and their chariots, and their camels, and their camels, to Yahweh, to my holy mountain, to Jerusalem; as the children of Israel do, and offer their offerings in the house of Yahweh, says Yahweh.
The servants of God rose up early in the morning, and went out, and saw army, horses, and chariots circling the city. The servants said to him, Woe, my lord! what shall we do?
Jesus said to him, Blessed are those who don't see the sword, who see my faith.
All the gifts are to you as a whirlwind. They deliver the whirlwind to those who know it, and say, Read this, that I may hear it. He says, I can't read it, because it is raining.
Speak to the children of Israel, saying, You shall surely keep my Sabbaths; for they are my witnesses between me and you throughout your generations, that you may know that I am Yahweh, and that you may be holy.
So king David sent, and brought him up out of the house of Machir the son of Ammiel the Reubenite.
If God doesn't spare the days, no one will be saved; but he will spare the days for his chosen ones.
There were some sons of Hosah the son of Merari, of whom he was not a great-grandson; but their father made him a great-grandson.
For the Kingdom of God is not a word, but power.
Abijah, sister to us, Abihippah, and the assembly that is in your house.
and they cast their gods into the fire; for they were not God, but the work of men's hands, wood and stone, and they destroyed them.
He made all the tribes of one man, and made them to dwell on the surface of the earth; and he numbered them with the years of their lives, and with the borders of the land where they lived.
For they have forsaken me, and have burned incense to other gods, and have provoked me to anger with the work of their hands: therefore am I angry in this place, as if there had been no fire.
Then Mordecai told him all that had happened to him, and all the money that Haman had said he would offer in the king's chamber to destroy Judah,
All the heads of fathers' houses, and the heads of fathers' houses, and the governors, and the governors, and the captains of the ships, shall make a decree to set a king's decree, and to set a supplication to the king in thirty days: and everyone who asks of any god, or asks of any man, shall cast him into the midst of the lion.
Yahweh God said, Behold, this man has reconciled himself with us, and has reconciled his sin; lest he again stretch out his hand to eat fruit out of the tree of life, and live forever.
You shall bring back your money in your hand, and you shall requite him your money, and return it to him; for it is waste.
Behold, I have a word, my son. Behold, it is written: Write, and don't be afraid; Read, and be weary.
We testified to the king that, if the city be built, and the wall made good, then the land beyond the River shall be no more yours.
But Abishai the son of Zeruiah kept watch over David, and struck the Philistine. The men who followed David swore to him, saying, You shall not go out with us again after this time, lest you strike the lamp of Israel.
Moab has been peaceful ever since the days of old, says Yahweh; as a thousand wine, it has not poured out its vessels on other vessels, neither has it been taken: therefore her tent is still, and her tent has not poured out.
When they saw him, they marveled, and immediately they ran to greet him.
All the people wept for the dead woman. He said, Don't weep, for she isn't dead, but asleep.
We are fatherless fatherless children. Our mother is like a widow.
Yahweh spoke to Moses and to Aaron, saying,
Caleb the son of Ebed said, Who is Abimelech, and who is Shechem, that we should serve him? Isn't he the son of Jerubbaal? isn't his captain Zebul? serve the men of Hamor, the father of Shechem: why should we serve them?
For Herod knew that John was righteous and holy; therefore he was afraid of him, and kept him. When Herod heard the words of John, his heart was troubled, but he still listened with joy.
But they were afraid, and said, He has come from Galilee, and has taught in all Judea, and has troubled the people.
It happened at evening, that he went out, he and his disciples, outside of the city.
He said to the king, Yes, all that I have heard concerning you in the land, and your wisdom, is true.
Now when he had called Lazarus out of the tomb, and had raised him from the dead, all the people who were with him were witnesses.
He became a mighty man, and went down into the earth a great army, and a few stars, and trod on them.
The apostles testified with a mighty testimony concerning the resurrection of the Lord Jesus, and the multitude received great blessing.
You shall do according to the statutes which they shall teach you, and according to the judgment which they shall speak to you: you shall not turn aside to the right hand or to the left from your judgment which they shall show you.
You shall understand righteous judgments, And walk in uprightness, And do all good.
The wrath of nations is fierce, and you are fierce. The time of judgment is come on the dead, and your servants, the prophets, and the saints, and those who fear your name, both small and great; and the time of destruction is come on them who have destroyed the world.
Lamot with its suburbs, Anem with its suburbs;
Jesus entered into the house, and the blind man came near. He said to them, Do you believe that I can do this thing? They said to him, Yes, Lord.
When Sanballat heard that we had built the wall, he was angry, and wrathful, and put Judah to shame.
Samson said to the Philistines, If you do so, I will avenge you of this.
Some of the tax collectors also came to be baptized, and they said to John, Teacher, what shall we do?
In the second month, many people will be gathered together to Jerusalem, and will be gathered together to the feast of unleavened bread.
Every abomination that creeps on the earth is abominable: it shall not be eaten.
If he shall sanctify the land from year to year, then he shall set it up according to your valuation.
Aaron and his sons shall offer the offering of Yahweh in the day of his anointing, one hundred tenth parts of an ephah of fine flour, for a continual meal offering, morning by morning, and evening by night.
The high priest stood up and said to him, What do these men tell you? Why don't you answer?
When all the people heard these things, they marveled, and said to Peter and to the rest of the apostles, What shall we do, brothers?
Woe to the wicked! Woe to him! For he will be repaid for his works!
There is a man who does abomination with his neighbor's wife, and there is a man who profanes his soul, and defiles it; and there is a man among you who profanes his sister, the daughter of his father.
the acacia wood, and the oil for the lampstand; the incense of sweet spices for an anointing oil, and for a sweet savor;
In that day Moses commanded the people, saying,
Remind yourself of this, and be stewards of it. Remind the rebellious of it with all your heart.
They prophesied from day to day until the evening offering; but they didn't speak, neither answered, nor listened to them.
The people murmured against Moses, saying, What shall we drink?
The woman said to him, No, Sirs! He said, I will not condemn you, but go you, and don't sin again until afterward.
After this, I will pour out my Spirit on all flesh; and your children will speak as prophets, and your old men will have hope, and your young men will see visions.
The king went in every time into the house of Yahweh; and the captain of the guard took the shields; and he returned, and put them in the captain of the guard's house.
But if the promise of his rest is yet in us, let's have a fearful heart, lest there be among you any who thinks that he doesn't have it.
The Lord Yahweh said, I will command my mountains to send forth a sword against Gog; and every man shall kill his brother with his sword.
All the trees of the field shall know that I, Yahweh, have lifted up the mighty arm, and lifted up the mighty arm, and the green arm has dried up, and the dry arm has failed: thus has I, Yahweh, spoken, and done.
You have taken away all your wrath. You have turned away your wrath.
When he saw that the dream was good, he said to Joseph, I saw also in my dream, and there was bread baked on my head.
Therefore God raised him up to the highest of the heavens, And gave him the name of all his glory.
The beauty of Zion is gone, the beauty of her daughter. Her princes are like wolves without footstool. They have no strength. They are driven before those who pursue her.
For you know God and our Lord Jesus Christ. Be filled with grace and peace.
Yahweh showed me four evil things.
He said to them in parables, A man took a vineyard, and put up a wall around it, and made a treasury of it, and built a tower, and gave it to the farmers for a place.
A wise counseler is blessed, But the saints are lowly.
Jesus answered them, How is this generation without faith? Should I stay with you? Should I work with you? Bring to me your son who has the demon.
But your little ones, whom you have said shall go into captivity, I will bring them in, and they shall know that you have forsaken the land.
Listen to these words, for the Son of Man is about to be delivered into the hand of man.
When the Almighty God scattered the kings in it, the earth was as the snow on Mount Salmund.
Yahweh said to Abram, You shall surely know that your seed shall be a stranger in another land, and shall serve the men of the land: and the men of the land shall afflict them four hundred years.
He who is with him, he doesn't sin. He who sins, he didn't see him, he doesn't know him.
Therefore don't be anxious for tomorrow's things. Tomorrow's things will be anxious for tomorrow's things. A day's sorrow will be a day's pain.
When I returned, behold, there were many trees on the two sides of the river on the way.
Asher didn't drive out Akho, who lived in Sidon, Ahiklah, Achib, Higba, Ahutchik, and the people of Rehob.
You shall take two birds for the house, and cedar wood, and scarlet, and hyssop.
The scribes were able to take them with their hands; but they lived in the king's house.
He made a high place in the synagogue, and a high place in the banquet of wine.
David asked again of Yahweh; and Yahweh said, Arise, and go down to Keilah; for I will deliver the Philistines into your hand.
The secrets of the heart will be revealed, and they will fall down and worship God, saying, God is in the midst of you.
The land of Hokkaido with its suburbs, and the land of Rehob with its suburbs;
He has made ashes his food, and his heart is broken, and he has made him a desolation. He can't save himself, neither can he say, Isn't my right hand a lie?
When he had said this, he showed them his hands and his feet.
He waited seven more days, and let the birds go, and they came no more.
It happened on the eighth day, that the king sent the people away; and they blessed the king; for all the favor of Yahweh, which he had given to David his servant, and to his people Israel, they rejoiced, and were glad in their heart, and returned every man to his tent.
He said to them, Hear you a parable. A plot of vineyards is laid out, with a treasury and a cellar, and a watchtower in it. He gave it to the farmers, and they went out.
Therefore I urged you to eat, for it is your salvation, because there is not a hairy head among you.
So the husband shall love his own woman as his own body. He who loves his own woman is his own body.
You have done all these things, says the Lord Yahweh: you have done the work of prostitutes, and your heart has suffered greatly.
A man is filled with the fruit of his mouth. He is rewarded according to the work of his hands.
Righteousness preserves the upright. Iniquity destroys those who sin.
The fear of your heart and the sight of your eyes shall say in the morning, Woe to this night!' and in the night, Woe to this day light!'
The Jews therefore said to him, Who said to you, Get up, and walk?'
When I was in the house of Thessalonica, you also sent for my need.
Whoever receives the name of the prophet shall receive the reward of the prophet.
I will do a thing against you, and I will strike you seven times for your sins.
There shall be a name among the children of Israel, A house of the least.'
If anyone commits adultery with his handmaid, before he is appointed, and before he is freed, both of them shall be punished: but they shall not put him to death; for the handmaid is not freed.
In that day you shall say, Give thanks to Yahweh, and call on his name, and proclaim among the nations his works which he has done, that his name is exalted.
Now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam, and all that he did, and his might, how he fought, and how he redeemed Damascus and Hamath, who were of Judah, to cause them to return to Israel, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
He lies in wait for sin on his bed. He has set his heart to do evil. He doesn't abhor evil.
In that day, says Yahweh, I will raise up David from his tent, and I will heal his wounds, and I will build him up from his ruins, as at the first.
Therefore you shall see no more falsehood, nor discern. I will deliver my people out of your hand. You shall know that I am Yahweh.
Absalom stood on a pillar in the king's valley, while he lived; for he said, I have no son to keep my name. He called the pillar Absalom's memorial to this day in his own name.
The words of a sluggard are like good food. They enter into the belly of a man.
The people made Jehoahaz the son of Josiah king; and he succeeded him in Jerusalem.
Then will I take their roots from the land which I gave them, and the house which I have sanctified for my name, and will cast it away from me, and will make it a desolation and a reproach among all the nations.
For we don't speak in vain about the power and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, but our eyes have seen his majesty, when we speak to you concerning the power of our Lord Jesus Christ.
His father said to him, You are with me, my son, and all that I have is yours.
But God has shamed the wise by the eyes of men, and the mighty by the eyes of men;
But he who conceived from the handmaid was born according to the law, and he who conceived from the free woman according to the promise.
The crown of Ephraim's pride will be at his feet.
It happened on one of those days, that Jonathan the son of Saul said to the young men who were in his army, Come, and let us go to the other side to the camp of the Philistines. But he didn't tell their father.
When he made the heavens and the earth, from the beginning,
He said to him, Thus says Hezekiah, This day is a day of rebuke and of reproach, a day when a son is born, and there is no strength to bring forth.
In that day Moses wrote this song, and taught it to the children of Israel.
He went on his way, and saw his brothers, James the son of Zebedee, and John, his brother. They sat on the ark with Zebedee, his father, and Jesus followed them.
Why are the mighty fallen on their faces? Jonathan was slain on your high places.
The falsehood was found at the door of the Tent of Meeting, and he shaved off the head of his savior, and he shaved off the head of his savior, and put it under the altar of peace offerings.
In the evening you shall go out in front of their eyes at noon, and shall cover your face, and shall cover your face until you see it: for I will make you head of the house of Israel.
I love Yahweh, Because he hears my words. He hears my petitions.
For Saul and Jonathan his son, and for the house of Yahweh, and for the house of Israel, they mourned, wept, and fasted until the evening; for they fell by the sword.
He delivers them into the hand of the Gentiles, And those who hate them rule over them.
Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and all that he did, and his iniquity, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Abaddon bore Jabal, and became the father of those who lived in tents, who took livestock.
The chambers that were round about the house were twenty cubits long.
Then Jesus said to them, Have you come out to me with the sword and with the rod, as to a snare? I sit daily in the temple teaching, and you haven't come to me.
Huram said, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of heaven, the God of Israel, who made king David a wise son, that he might have understanding and discernment, to build a house for Yahweh, and a house for his kingdom.
Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Then the word of Yahweh came to Samuel, saying,
It shall be done according to all manner of things, and according to all manner of works.
Then the princes of the Philistines came near to the woman, and said to her, Call Samson, and see where his strength is, how we will encamp with him, and lay hold on him, and make him sick; and we will give you every man a thousand and a hundred pieces of silver.
Immediately he went after him, and was slain as an ox, and as a fool, when he lived in a deserted place.
My soul shall rejoice in Yahweh. The humble shall hear, and rejoice.
The Philistines said, What shall we do to restore him for a trespass offering? They said, Five cubits of gold, and five cubits of gold, according to the number of the princes of the Philistines; for you have seen evil with your princes.
In that day the king set apart the holy place which was before the house of Yahweh, and offered there burnt offerings, and meal offerings, and oil for peace offerings; for the burnt offering of the first altar of Yahweh didn't allow the burnt offering, nor the meal offering, nor the oil for peace offerings.
A fool says great things, but it is not true; But a soothsayer says lies, but it is not true.
He built cities in the hill country of Judah, and built forts in the forest, and kept the watch of the eunuchs.
Though he has a great harvest among his brothers, a east wind shall come, the wind of Yahweh from the wilderness; and all his springs shall dry up, and all his springs shall be cut down, and he shall take away all his precious treasures.
There is no righteous man, neither is there a sword, as it is written.
Though he covers his wrath with deceit, Yet his wickedness is revealed before the congregation.
They went and looked at the land, from the wilderness of Zin, even to Rehob, even to the entrance of Hamath.
Then you shall see our faces, and the faces of the young men who eat the king's good things; and you shall do to your servants as you see fit.
Yahweh is gracious and merciful. He will not be angry, but will be gracious.
Joseph arose and took Mary, as the angel of the Lord had commanded him.
It shall not be eaten from the root of the vine until the skin is healed, in all the day that you shall sanctify yourself.
He made two rings of gold for it, and put them under the baskets, and hung them on the two ends of the altar on its two sides: and the rings were for the poles of the altar, to hang it.
Praise him, all you angels! Praise him, all you harpists!
Now when Jezebel killed all the prophets of Yahweh, didn't anyone tell my lord what I had done? I put one hundred prophets of Yahweh on the earth, and fifty men in one tribe, and fed them with bread and water.
Then Jesus filled the Spirit with joy, and said, Father, Lord of heavens, I praise you, for you have sealed up these things from the wisdom and understanding, and have revealed them to the little ones. Father, you are righteous, for you have seen them.
He gave to him all the swarms of the Spirit, the swarms of the inner court of the house of Yahweh, and the chambers that were round about it; the golden vessels of the house of Yahweh, and the golden vessels of the holy things;
You shall bake and eat in the place which Yahweh your God shall choose: and when it is morning, turn you to your tent.
They have seen lies, lies in divination, which Yahweh has spoken, but Yahweh has not sent them as prophets, yet they hope that the word will be fulfilled.
But I have known you, that you are the most excellent vine, and that you are a very good plant. Why have you become a wicked tree to me, because you are of me?
Therefore before the end of the days, don't judge. When the Lord comes, he will reveal with light the secret of darkness, and will bring forth the counsel of those who dwell in the innermost parts, and everyone will receive his praise from God.
They shall bring the head of it, and the breast of it, with the fat of the burnt offering, and they shall wave it for a wave offering before Yahweh: and it shall be a portion forever to you and to your sons, according to the commandment of Yahweh.
They said, Because of the famine, we have given to men our fields, and our vineyards, and our houses, for grain.
Every holy thing that a man dedicates shall be to the priest; and to the priest shall a man give whatever is to him.
this also is a sin of judgment, a sin that ought to be punished; for I am a God who rebels against the earth.
In the seventh month, on the tenth day of the month, you shall have a holy convocation: you shall afflict your own soul, and shall not work.
A certain man named Lazarus laid down at the door of the rich man, both in his body and in his whole body,
Jesus answered them, My mother, what have I to do with you? My time has not yet come.
For Israel shall dwell alone all day long: there shall be no king, nor prince, nor priest, nor pillar, nor ephod, nor priest; neither shall the house be decorated.
The doors of the chambers of the inner court were on the right side of the house, from the uttermost part of the house, and from the uttermost part of the house to the third part of the house.
The chief priests and the Pharisees shall be charged, that whoever knows where Jesus is, let him come and tell them, that they may take him.
I cried with tears, And afflicted my soul with fasting. This has made me a reproach to all my people.
He said to them, Don't let the captivity come in here; for you intend to make us sin against Yahweh, and to add to our iniquities, and to our transgressions; for the wrath of God has come on Israel.
If you say in your heart, These nations are greater than I, why should I rule over them?
When they heard the words of Herod, they went out: and when they saw the star in the east wind, they brought it before them, and brought it to the child; and they stayed there.
Praise Yah! Sing new songs to Yahweh! Praise him in the assembly of the saints!
He said, If the Syrians are stronger than I, help me. If the children of Ammon are stronger than you, help me.
Though men will come up and pursue you, and seek your life, yet the life of my lord will be wrapped in the sash of life in Yahweh your God; and the life of your enemies will Yahweh raise up, as the rose out of the nettle.
But if I boast, I will not be haughty; for I will speak truth; but I will do my part, that no man may be judged by me more than he who has seen or heard.
But if it is so, why should you condemn those who tread down the blood of the covenant of God, and profane the Holy Spirit, and profane it, and profane it?
and for the burnt offering, twelve bulls, twelve rams, twelve male lambs a year old, and twelve male goats for a sin offering;
I know your doings. Behold, I have opened to you a door of faith, which no one can shut; and I know that you have some strength, and have kept my word, and have not profaned my name.
Moses did so, as Yahweh commanded him.
They brought seven bulls, seven rams, seven rams, and seven male goats, to offer sacrifices of sin to the kingdom, to the sanctuary, and to Judah. The king commanded the priests of the sons of Aaron, that they should offer them on the altar of Yahweh.
He shall put it there, and he shall read it all the days of his life, to learn the fear of Yahweh his God; and he shall keep all the words of this law, and all the statutes, and do them.
Jesus said to him, Go out and bury the saints who are in the body, but preach the Good News of the Kingdom of God.
Then sent he to his father the scarlet cloth, and said, We found the scarlet cloth: why do you think that it isn't your son's scarlet?
They despise men, And speak oppression according to the word of evil. They speak great things.
Let those who seek my life be shamed and confounded. Let those who devise evil against me turn back and be disappointed.
Now, behold, my testimony is in heaven, And my supplication on earth.
I thought it good to be steadfast in my life, that I would be steadfast in your prayers.
As a body without strength dies, And a faith without faith dies.
Saul arose, and took three thousand chosen men out of all Israel, and went down into the wilderness of Jihu, to seek David in the wilderness of Jihu.
When his family saw that he sought to go with him, they spoke no more to him.
This sweet savor will not cost a fortune to the poor.
Now therefore, my God, look in your eyes, and hear, the prayer which I pray in this place.
Zedekiah was twenty-one years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Hamutal the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.
For your faithfulness shines forth. The light of your spear is still. The sun and the moon remain in its place.
You shall be separated from the prisoner, and you shall be taken from your inheritance; for you know that you have a better and better inheritance than you.
Moses the servant of Yahweh sent me from Kadesh Barnea to spy out the land; and I lived therein forty years, and my heart blessed him.
Our sons are like thorns in their young years. Our daughters are like pillars of stone in the king's house.
Samson said to him, If anyone binds me with a cord that has not been tied, I will become as another man.
He touched their eyes, and said, Your faith has confirmed you.
and he divided his men into three groups, and buried them in the field; and behold, the men of Shechem came out of the city; and he arose, and struck them, and killed them.
So they went, and drew up the stone with the whirlwind, and kept it for the guard.
It happened afterward, that it was seen in Assos, that Philip was preaching the Good News in all the cities, even to Caesarea.
You shall make six boards for the side of the tent, even for the side of the tent.
For God didn't give you the grace to believe in Christ, but to suffer for Christ,
When we live according to the flesh, the law renews our iniquities, and renews the fruit of death in us all.
This is the portion of the wicked from Yahweh, and the portion of the violent from the Almighty.
Speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, When you come into the land which I give to you, it shall be for a rest to Yahweh.
It happened, when the demon had driven him out, and the mute was speaking, that all the people were afraid, saying, We have not seen such things in Israel.
He who abhors me and receives my words shall be judged by a judge; and the word which I have spoken shall be judged in the latter days.
Then will I cleanse the speech of all peoples, that they may call on the name of Yahweh, and serve him with all their heart and with all their soul.
But none of those who are forever offered, to Yahweh from all his offerings, whether man, or animal, or land of his possession, shall be sold nor redeemed: he who is forever offered is most holy to Yahweh.
Therefore speak to the house of Israel, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: I have not done this, house of Israel, for your sake, but for my holy name, which you have profaned among the nations where you have gone.
When the rain came, and the flood came, and the wind blew, and struck the house, the house didn't fall; for a strong foundation was on the rock.
He put the basket of unleavened bread out of the way before Yahweh; and he took a loaf of bread, and a loaf of bread full of oil, and a loaf of bread mixed with oil,
Moses did so, and Eleazar the priest, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Therefore will I save my flock, and not make them a prey; and I will make judgment between sheep and sheep.
You shall kill the lamb in the holy place, in the place of the sin offering and of the burnt offering; and the trespass offering shall be to the priest, as the sin offering is to be sacrificed, which is most holy.
Before the lamp of Yahweh arose, and Samuel was sleeping in the house of Yahweh, by the ark of the covenant of Yahweh.
The world doesn't hate you, neither do they hate me, because I have worked their wickedness on them.
Abram took his tent, and came to Hebron, and lived by the oaks of Mamre; and he built there an altar to Yahweh.
Joshua took Maketah that day, and struck them with the edge of the sword, and the king of them: and all the people of the land were destroyed, and there was none left: as he had done to the king of Jericho, so he did to the king of Maketah.
Elkanah his husband said to him, Hannah, why do you weep? why do you also eat bread? why do you have sorrow in your heart? am I not better to you than ten sons?
But if you will go, be strong, and fight; for Yahweh will set you against your enemies; for Yahweh has power to help and to defy.
Let my lips sing praises, For you have taught me your statutes.
Their horses are narrower than a snare, and their rooster is narrower than a snare in the evening: the horsemen are spread out, and the horsemen come from afar; they run like an eagle to eat.
Therefore Yahweh was angry in the land, and brought down on him all the curses that were written in this book.
and said to them, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Behold, I will call Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon my servant; and I will set his throne on the stone which I have set; and he shall set his tent on the stone which I have set.
All the peoples are as nothing before him. They are as nothing to him.
Moses and Aaron and the princes of the congregation named the sons of Kohath after their families, by their fathers' houses,
It happened on a Sabbath day, that he was teaching in a synagogue.
Yahweh has given a great salvation to the king whom he has made; loving kindness to those who are anointed by him, to David and to his seed forever.
They sought counsel, and appointed counsel for the righteous, that they might put him in his place, and deliver him to the governor for the ephah.
The bones of Joseph, which the children of Israel brought up out of Egypt, they buried in Shechem, the land which Jacob bought with one hundred pieces of silver from the sons of Hamor the father of Shechem, for a possession of the children of Joseph.
For you are a holy people to Yahweh your God. Yahweh your God has chosen you out of all the peoples of the earth, to be his own people.
But God is able to do it. He causes it to fall, And raises it up.
Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave that was in the field of Makperah, which is in the land of Canaan before Mamre. Mamre is Hebron.
Don't be angry with you, that you may be disappointed; Don't turn away from you because of the price of repentance.
All the people ate, and were satisfied. They took up seven baskets full of the bread that was left over.
Therefore all your precepts are upright. I hate all the proverbs.
You shall gird up your waist like a husband. I ask you, and you answer me.
My soul doesn't desire to live. I will speak from the mouth of my mouth. I will speak of the affliction of my heart.
If the day comes, pray in my name. I will not tell you, but I will pray for you to the Father.
then the congregation shall judge between the slain and the avenger of blood, according to the ordinances.
If you have strong faith in the Lord, we will surely live.
The breasts shall be of a length of one cubit, and of a breadth of a cubit, and of a cubit and a half of a cubit and a half of a cubit and a half of a cubit and a half of a cubit and a half of a cubit and a half of a cubit and a half of a cubit and a half of a cubit and a half of a cubit
But where will wisdom be found? Where is the place of understanding?
For the Chaldeans were afraid, because Ishmael the son of Nethaniah had killed Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, whom the king of Babylon had set over the land.
Though I am righteous, my own mouth will make my iniquity known. Though I am upright, he will show my iniquity.
For everyone of you is driven to eat of the things that are brought to him; and there are some who are hungry, and some who are drunken.
He brought me again to the gate of the sanctuary toward the east; and the gate was shut.
Don't rejoice, Philistia, in all your land, because your rod is broken; for out of the two serpents comes forth a worm, and the fruit of it is a potter's worm.
Elisha drew his eyes, and saw him, so that he was disappointed. The man of God opened his eyes.
Their eyes opened, and he commanded them with a loud voice, saying, Don't let anyone know this thing.
But I beg you, brothers, in the love of our Lord Jesus Christ, and in the love of the Holy Spirit, that you be strong and pray to God,
Don't be afraid of them; for Yahweh your God is among you, a God of great fear.
He is Yahweh our God. His judgments are in all the earth.
They found his nakedness, and struck him with the edge of the sword, and took his sons and his daughters, and left him a cloak in the midst of the women; for they had executed judgments on him.
How long will my sorrow and my affliction be on me? How long will my adversary go above me?
The priest shall burn them on the altar of burnt offering.
Yahweh commanded Jeremiah to go down into the house of the king of Judah,
You shall make a basin of brass, and its snuffers shall be of brass, to wash them. You shall put it between the tabernacle and the altar, and shall put water therein.
I went forward again to the spring of the spring, and to the king's pool; but there was not a way to let my steed pass by.
David said, As Yahweh lives, he will strike him, and he will know whether the day comes, or whether he will die in battle.
Now the rest of the acts of Rehoboam, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
For I will afflict the seed of David; but it shall not be forever.
Don't speak of shame, or of sexual immorality, or of jealousy, but of thanksgiving to God.
Before he heard it, he answered, His foolishness and his disobedience.
When a garment or a skin is wet with water, it shall be washed with water, and be unclean until the evening.
A scoffer doesn't have trespass, But one who keeps his tongue is wise.
Then the lord said to them, This is what the enemy has done.' The man said, Why do you want us to come and cut off the pomegranates?'
The number of the cities which Aaron's sons had for the priesthood was thirteen cities with its suburbs.
Yahweh has made the earth with a great power. He has established the world with wisdom. He has opened the heavens with understanding.
Don't be afraid of the king of Babylon whom you fear. Don't be afraid of him, says Yahweh: for I am with you, and I will save you, and you shall escape out of his hand.
You shall do no other work; it shall be a statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings.
The false prophets speak of the world. Therefore the world listened to them.
He will cut off all the horns of the wicked. The horns of the righteous will be lifted up.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: For Zion have I great wrath; For her have I great wrath.
I will give you the treasures of the throne, and the treasures of the secret, that you may know that your name is mine, Yahweh, the God of Israel.
This testimony is that God has given us eternal life, which is from his Son.
This was done in Israel by evil, and he wasn't God. The bull of Samaria was greatly struck.
For many things have multiplied vanity. What profit is there to a man?
Blessed be Yahweh your God, who delights in you, that you may be his word, that you may reign over Yahweh your God; for your God loves Israel, and wants to establish it forever: therefore make you king over them, that you may do righteously.
Why do you cry out for your wounds? You can't bear your affliction. Because your iniquities are great, and your sins are many, therefore have I dealt with you with these things.
It happened, when they had made an end of singing and singing, that they said, Saul has slain thousands, but David has slain thousands.' Isn't this David who spoke?
He sees the earth, and the earth trembles. He touches the mountain, and the mountain emits smoke.
It happened in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah the son of Elishah, a king's brother, and a king's servant, brought ten men to Mizpah, to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam: and they ate together in Mizpah.
Lift up your eyes, and see the sun, and they shall gather themselves to you. Your sons shall come far off, and your daughters shall be taken.
The plague of leprosy shall be in his clothing, and his hair shall be bald, and he shall cover the lips of his mouth with a loud voice, saying, Unclean, unclean.'
Moses and Aaron did this to the Levites; and all that Yahweh commanded Moses to go to the Levites, so did the children of Israel to all the congregation of the children of Israel.
He shall perish from his place. He shall be a snare.
God destroyed the seven peoples who were in the land of Canaan, and gave them the land for an inheritance, about four hundred fifty years.
This day you have seen with your eyes, that today you are in the midst of the earth, and Yahweh has delivered you into my hand: and they have called me to kill you; but I love you; and I say, I will not stretch out my hand against my lord, because he is Yahweh's anointed.
He gave them a certain authority.
We have set a statute for ourselves, that every man in the year he shall take the three shekels of a shekel, for the service of the house of our God;
Paul fell down at his feet, and fell on his body, and fell on his face, and said to him, Don't worry, for he is alive.
I said to him, What do the two branches of the olive tree, which speak to the two branches of gold, do with the oil of gold?
He fills the cloud with blood, And sends lightning out of the cloud.
Then the Gentiles and the Jews conspired with their rulers against the apostles, to stone them with stones.
But if they also take their armor with you, then they shall possess the land of Canaan from among you.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, As for the prophets whom I have spoken in my name, I have not sent them; yet they say, This land shall not be struck by the sword and by the famine; but the prophets shall perish by the sword and by the famine.
The king shall be his friend, Whom the pure in heart speaks gracious words.
He shall enter into a land of glory, and many nations shall make him fall; but the honorable men of Edom and Moab and of the children of Ammon shall escape out of his hand.
But as for me, the secret will be revealed to me, not because I am wiser than all the living, but that I may make known to the king the interpretation of it, and that you may know the interpretation of your heart.
So I bought a belt, and girded myself, according to the word of Yahweh.
Yahweh said to me in the days of Josiah the king, Have you seen what rebellious Israel has done? He has played the prostitute under all the green trees.
For God knows that in the day that you eat, your eyes will be opened, and you will discern sin as God has discerned.
For he first chose those who were chosen, and first established them with the image of his Son, that he might be first among his brothers.
The king said, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, for he has given me a man to speak to me this day, and my eyes have seen him.
Moreover you will send messengers to those who are far off. When the messenger comes to them, behold, they come. You wash their bodies, and clothe yourselves with sackcloth for their eyes,
You shall tell them, Thus shall I do to you, as I live, says Yahweh, when I shall speak to my soul.
Now I am going to him who sent me. There is none among you who says to me, Where are you going?'
All the people cried out, and said, We will do all that Yahweh says. Moses blessed Yahweh in the words of all the people.
Then the king of Israel called all the elders of the land, and said to them, Behold, this man spies out a way to harm me; and he has sent to me, and has desired my wife, and my children, and my silver and my gold; and I didn't inform him.
Then the stars of the morning sang together, and all the children of God lifted up their voices with joy.
Therefore the inhabitants of the land are very strong, and they are dismayed and confounded; they are as the grass of the wilderness, and as the green grass, as the grass of the housetops, and as the vine that doesn't grow in the field.
Strength and majesty are his. He walks in the heights of peace.
Abijah put together a band of forty thousand men who were mighty men of valor; and Jeroboam put together a band of eighty thousand mighty men who were mighty men of valor.
You shall not eat the flesh of those who are abominable to you; neither shall you eat the flesh of those who are abominable.
So David gave Ornan six hundred shekels of gold for the land.
Remember the promise of your servant, For you have given me hope.
Jesus said to God, I will proclaim your name to my brothers, and will praise your name before the congregation.
The priest shall burn them on the altar for an offering made by fire to Yahweh: it is a trespass offering.
Son of man, prophesy to the mountains of Israel, saying, Hear the word of Yahweh, mountains of Israel.
I have fought against you with flint and with scorpions; and the fruit of your fields, and the fruit of your vines, and the fig trees, and the olive trees, have I given to the pestilence; yet you have not returned to me.
Then the fear of Yahweh arose, and said, Yahweh hears, and has written before him a book of memories, for the fear of Yahweh, and for the memory of his name.
Come to me, help me, and let us go, and strike Gibeon; for he has made a covenant with Joshua and with Israel.
It happened, when he had set up the garrison of robbers in the land of Edom, that all the Edomites subdued David; and Yahweh strengthened David wherever he went.
the ten oxen that were in the midst of the herd, the twenty oxen that were in the field, the one hundred sheep, the young rams, the rams, and the fat family.
Moses was forty years old when he set his eyes on the house of his brother Israel.
Yahweh, the God of Israel, there is no god in heaven, nor in the earth, as you did in your covenant with your servants, who went before you with all their heart.
You shall not sell the fruit of the vine, nor gather the ripe fruit of the vine: it shall be for the needy, and for the foreigner. I am Yahweh your God.
They shall be your ministers, and your ministers in tents; but they shall not come near the vessels of the sanctuary, nor near the altar, that they not die with you.
The depth of the house that was before the temple was forty cubits.
Don't you know that we are all baptized into Christ Jesus, to be baptized into him?
The king said, Where is the son of your master? Ziba answered the king, He is still in Jerusalem; for he said, The children of Israel will restore me this day the kingdom of my father.
The rising of the sun shall be a spring of water, and the dry land a spring of waters. In the slums of the valleys shall be green grass, and figs, and figs.
Greet one another with a holy offering. All the assemblies of Christ greet you.
He cut off the words of Maacah, his mother's brother, because he had made abominable images for Asherah. Asa took his images, and burned them by the brook Kidron.
Yahweh said to Moses, Don't be afraid of them; for I have delivered him into your hand, and all his people, and all his land: do to him as you have done to Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwells in Heshbon.
Jesus answered them, You have said it, but I tell you, from now on you will see the Son of Man coming down on the right hand of the Almighty, in the cloud of the sky.
In the second year of Asa king of Judah began Nadab the son of Jeroboam to reign over Israel; and he reigned two years in Israel.
You, Yahweh, have seen; for evil, and for evil, you will look, and recompense with your hand: the uncircumcised will give themselves to you. You will always help the fatherless.
Most assuredly I tell you, there is none better than John the Baptizer, whom the little ones in the Kingdom of Heaven are better than he.
But if the plague strikes a man, he stirs up those who don't sin.
and you shall teach your children in this way: whether you sit in your house, or walk by the way, or lie down, or rise;
He who deals graciously with the wicked learns righteousness, But in the uprightness of the land he does unrighteously, And doesn't listen to the voice of Yahweh.
Nabal answered the servants of David, Who is David? Who is the son of Jesse? Many of his servants came and rebelled against his master.
For you have rebelled against him, and your spirit has perished.
The screen for the gate of the court was of fine twined work, of blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen, twenty cubits, and five cubits, with the base of the court.
Moses said, The great men who walk with me shall be sixty thousand; and you shall say, I will give them flesh to eat, until the end of the month.'
As he who gathers grain gathers it, And cuts it with his hand, As he who gathers wheat in the valley of Rephaim.
They took him, and commanded him to be bound with two chains of iron, and to ask him who he was, and what he would do.
Ben Hadad and the kings drank wine in their tents; and when they heard these words, they said to his servants, Set your battle against the city. They set their battle against the city.
So I will pass through many months of vanity, And the night of my weeping will set me free.
Who was he who was angry in forty years? Didn't those who sinned die in the wilderness?
It happened after these things, that God would testify against Abraham, and he called him, and said, Abraham. He said, Here am I.
Yahweh spoke to Aaron, saying,
I have made a covenant with you, as with my father and with your father: now have I given you silver and gold for a present: take away the covenant that you made with Baasha king of Israel, and let him go from me.
The wicked is not so; he is like a hawk, which is scattered away in the wind.
For it will be a long time, and I will walk in a way that will return no more.
Therefore you shall tell the children of Israel, I am Yahweh; and I will bring you out of the dungeon which the Egyptians have given you; and I will deliver you out of the affliction which they have afflicted you: and I will redeem you with the remnant of my hand and with a great judgment.
Yahweh said to his people, Behold, I will give you grain and new wine and oil, and you shall eat; and I will no more make you a reproach among the nations.
They are foolish, and will answer no more. They have no words to say.
For I have declared to you the will of God.
Of the children of Reuben, and of the children of Gad, and of the half-tribe of Manasseh, eastward of the Jordan, with all the weapons of war, twenty-two thousand.
You also, being husbands, shall dwell with your own wives, and shall enlarge their flesh; and you shall honor them; for they also shall inherit the grace of life, which is in you; so that your prayer shall not fail.
Some of those who had been possessed by demons, and some of those who had been afflicted by demons to Jesus, were with them, including Mary Magdalene. From this Mary he cast out seven arks.
so that they shall not gather wood out of the field, nor cut it out of the forest; for they shall burn incense with kerosene; and they shall take away those who take it, and take away those who take it, says the Lord Yahweh.
but didn't inquire of Yahweh; therefore Yahweh killed him, and gave his kingdom to David the son of Jesse.
Therefore I heard that you have faith in the Lord Jesus, and love toward all the saints,
Moses, because he had faith, didn't fear the king's wrath, and departed from Egypt, as he saw the God whom man didn't see: therefore he was afraid, and wouldn't go back.
As Ebah was deceived with her supplication, Lest your heart be deceived, and forsake the purity and the truth of Christ.
So Noah did, and did according to all the commandment of Yahweh.
He said to him the third time, Simon, son of Jonah, do you love me more than these? But Peter was very sad because of him, and said to him, Lord, you know all things, that I have affection for you. He said to him, Feed my sheep.
Behold, the labor of all men is burnt up with fire; and the labor of the nations to the weeping is vanity; isn't it of Yahweh of Armies?
If they say, Arise, and come up to us;' then we go up; for Yahweh has delivered them into our hand, and this word shall be our witness.
and to make the multitude of the people know that Yahweh doesn't deliver by the sword, nor by the spear; for the battle is with Yahweh, and he will deliver you into our hand.
But a voice comes out of heaven, like a great wind, that fills the houses where they are.
In the thirty-ninth year of Azariah king of Judah began Menadah the son of Gad to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned eleven years.
You shall be ministers of the sanctuary, and ministers of the altar; lest wrath return on the children of Israel.
These three were Noah's sons, who filled the land with their seed from their generation.
You shall not steal; but you shall discern between the ten, that the teaching of our Savior, God, may be glorified in all the earth.
A time in the streets, And a time in broad places; And a time in every cave.
You shall drive your enemies away, And they shall fall by the sword before you.
Joshua struck king Amalek and his people with the edge of the sword.
Listen now, you rich men, for your troubles are at hand. Weep and weep.
Saul said, Because I have sinned, please honor me before my people's elders, and before the children of Israel, that I may worship Yahweh your God.
When the nations heard these things, they rejoiced greatly, and glorified the word of God. All those who are chosen by God for eternal life are saints.
So all the people passed over the Jordan, and the king passed over: and the king kissed Barzillai, and blessed him; and he returned to his place.
But when I was accepted, I prayed to Yahweh your God. Answer me, God, according to your abundant loving kindness, and according to your truth's salvation.
To the gate of the king's house he came; for whoever was clothed in sackcloth couldn't enter into the gate of the king's house.
Jesus said to them, Do the will of him who sent me, and execute his work, which is my bread.
As it is written, I am with Jacob, and not with Esau.
Behold, these who belong to the synagogue of Satan are thousands of Jews, but they speak falsehood. I will cause them to fall down before your feet, and will make them know that I love you.
The king took Esther the rod of gold, and Esther stood before the king, and said,
Joshua stood outside with twelve stones in the midst of the Jordan, where the priests who bore the ark stood; and they were there to this day.
God is faithful, who called you to be with his Son, and with our Lord Jesus Christ.
Yahweh said to Moses, I will blot out the name of Amalek from under the sky: write this thing in a book, and write it in the ears of Joshua.
Elisha said, Bring a sack of bread. He put the sack of bread on the table, and said, Bring it out, that they may eat. There was no bread in the table.
The men who built this city for their goods stood afar off, because they were afraid, because of the affliction of the city: therefore they mourned and wept afar off.
For dreams are many, and prophecies many, but they are vanity; but fear God.
When they had drunk all the wine, his mother said to him, They didn't drink.
We hope for peace, but not for good. We hope for good, but fear.
The fig tree answered, Should I leave my sweet and healing fruit, and go and dance on the trees?'
When I tell you my way, you answer me. Teach me your statutes.
If any man sins unwittingly, he shall offer a male goat a year old for a sin offering.
Didn't Hezekiah cut off the high places of Yahweh, and his altars, and command Judah and Jerusalem, saying, Worship before this altar, and burn incense on it?
For Jesus was not a angel, but of the seed of Abraham.
There were eight boards, and ten sockets of silver; and under each board were two sockets.
In the fourth month, on the first day of the month, the famine was severe in the city, so that there was no bread for the people of the land.
Jesus, perceiving in his heart that they marveled because of this, said to them, Are these words against you?
Yahweh will deal with them, as he dealt with the two kings of the Amorites, whom he destroyed: Sihon, Og, and their land.
Rehoboam took ten wives and sixty daughters; and he bore twenty-eight sons and sixty daughters: but he loved Maacah the daughter of Absalom more than all the wives and the daughters.
Declare you in Judah, and prophesy in Jerusalem, saying, Sing you a trumpet in the land, and cry, Gather yourselves together, that we may enter into the fortified cities.
There you will find gods made by the hands of men, wood and stone, which you can't see, nor hear, nor eat, nor drink.
Before the fleeing man came, the hand of Yahweh was on me in the evening, and he opened my mouth: and it happened in the morning, that the man came to me, and my mouth was opened, and there was no more blemish in my mouth.
David strove before Yahweh with all his heart: and David made an ephod of fine twined linen.
Sing to Yahweh, all the earth. Sing praises with a loud voice.
A voice was heard in the wilderness, saying, Prepare your way for the Lord, and keep his ways straight.
But I will tell you these things, that you may remember the things which I told you. I didn't tell you in the first place, because I was still with you.
He burnt incense on the day that he served the Baals, and covered himself with sackcloth and other reeds, after his beloved, so that he didn't forget me: therefore will I punish him, says Yahweh.
The Philistines pursued after Saul and his sons; and the Philistines killed Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Malchishua, Saul's sons.
For the idols of the house are lies, and the visions of the magicians are false, and the dreams of the magicians are a snare to men. Therefore they are confused as sheep, and are afflicted because there is no shepherd.
David said, Yahweh, the God of Israel, your servant has surely heard that Saul wanted to come to Keilah, to destroy this city for my sake.
Why have you brought us forth out of Egypt into this wicked place? There is no place to eat or to drink, There is no fig tree, There is no grape, There is no fig tree, There is no water to drink.
Behold, now they have recompensed us, and driven us out of your inheritance, which you have given us to possess it.
They took it, and cast it into the pit; and the pit was dry, and there was no water therein.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Therefore he who is in all spirit among us, let him have a different mind. If there is a different mind among you, God will also show you this.
You shall speak before Yahweh your God, saying, I have given the holy thing out of my house, and have given it to the Levites, and to the foreigners, and to the fatherless, according to all the commandment which you have commanded me: I have not seen nor forgotten your commandment.
If you offer a lamb for a present, you shall offer it before Yahweh.
and the lampstand of pure gold, and its lampstand, that you may set before the ruler.
Therefore will I show you the house which I have called by my name, and the land which I have given to you and to your fathers, as I did to Shiloh.
The serpent is the living creature of all that Yahweh God has made in the field. The serpent said to the woman, Didn't God say, You shall not eat of all the trees of the field?
It happened about that time, that the king of Helud laid his hand on some of the assembly,
If there be in your gates a dispute, or bloodshed, or strife, or a scourge, that you don't know to judge, rise up, and go to the place which Yahweh your God shall choose.
It happened, when I offered the evening meal, that I arose from my side, and tore my garments, and laid my hands on them, and lifted up my hand toward Yahweh my God, saying,
I regard my brothers, and my bones. If it is for them, let me be forsaken by God, and walk with Christ, and let me be free.
Then the prince of the house was about to kill him, and we took him, that he might be judged by our own law.
Then Joshua called all Israel, and their elders, and their heads of fathers' houses, and their judges, and their rulers, and all the men of war; and he said to them, I have been a man of many years.
Watch over those who are put in prison, as with them. Watch over those who are mocked, as you are mocked.
whoever hears the sound of the trumpet, and doesn't obey the commandment, if the sword comes and destroys him, his sin shall be on his head.
The nations shall see your righteousness. The kings shall see your glory. You shall be called by a new name, which Yahweh has called by his mouth.
In that day they shall come from Assyria to the cities of Egypt, from Egypt to the great river, from the sea to the sea, from the mountain to the mountain;
When he heard that he was coming from Judea into Galilee, he went and begged him to bring down his son, who was at Capernaum, because his son was about to die.
The four angels, who had been let go, set themselves to do good in the morning, and in the day, and in the month, and in the year, to kill three tenths of the men who were killed.
You shall have also many evils, and stones, and thorns, and all manner of work, for all manner of work.
The border shall go down from Shepham to Riblah on the east of the Aiman; and it shall go down to the east of the king of Kinneroth.
Woe to you, lord! Are you like the dust, who burns? Is it his God who makes, that you should be his God, saying, He isn't mine? Or is it his God, that you should be his, saying, He isn't wise?'
Isn't it you who are with me? You are my neighbor, My friend who is with me.
They struck the cities of Gerar round about, because Yahweh made them afraid. They took all their cities, because there was much spoil in them.
The third name was Tiglath, which is on the east side of Assyria. The fourth name was Euphrates.
It happened, when he had eaten, that Boaz said to him, Come and eat bread, and take your bread with you. He sat down by the way of the reapers, and he gave him a good measure of honey. He ate, but there was not enough. He arose, and went to gather wheat.
Let the salvation of Israel come out of Zion. When Yahweh brings back his captives, Jacob shall rejoice, and Israel shall be glad.
On the top of the pillars were pillars of brass, five cubits high; and round about the pillars were wreaths and pomegranates, all of brass; and on the second pillars were wreaths and pomegranates.
I will strengthen the house of Judah, and will save the house of Joseph, and will bring them again; for I have compassion on them; and they shall be as I have not forsaken; for I am Yahweh their God, and I will love them.
My people will live in faith. But if he does well, I will not be with him.
Though gold and precious stones are many, But the lips of knowledge are precious jewels.
If it is good to bear fruit in the year, and it isn't good, then let it be taken away.'
This shall be the portion of Aaron and his sons to the children of Israel forever; for it is a wave offering: a wave offering shall be made among the peace offerings of the children of Israel, a wave offering to Yahweh.
If there be found a man and a woman who is married to him, the husband and the woman shall be put to death: so shall the evil be cut off from Israel.
Jesus, perceiving their evil thoughts, said to them, You false men, why do you test me?
Jeremiah said to Zedekiah, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Armies, the God of Israel: If you go out, and take hold of the princes of the king of Babylon, your life shall live; and this city shall not be burned with fire; you shall live, you, and all your house.
The heart of king David was troubled to remember Absalom; for Amnon was comforted, because he was dead.
This letter I write to you, my brothers, to show you and to testify that this is the truth of God. Stand you on this grace.
The earth is broken before Yahweh. The earth is full of violence.
You shall take of it with your hand, and lay it in a heap of stones before the men of Judah, and lay it in a heap of stones, which is at the gate of the king of Pharaoh's house in Tahpanhes;
He took the new garments that he had put on, and broke them into twelve boards.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Isaac was old, and his eyes didn't see; and he called Esau his firstborn, and said to him, My son. Esau answered, Here am I.
Joshua said, Bring the stone from the top of the trough to the top of the trough, and let the people dwell there, and keep them.
Delilah said to Samson, Please tell me, Where is your great power? How shall it cover you, and make you sick?
A certain teacher of the law stood up and tested him, saying, Teacher, what shall I do, that I may have eternal life?
Jonathan stretched out his hand on his knees, and followed him with his armor. The Philistines fell before Jonathan, and followed after him with his armor.
Depart from evil, do good, and seek peace with all your heart.
Yet they continue to test the Most High, And rebel against him, And don't keep his testimonies.
Then the sons of the prophets said to Elisha, Behold, we are sparing you, and the land in which you are.
When the days of the feast were fulfilled, Job sent and called them, and sanctified them; and he rose up early in the morning, and offered up the burnt offering according to the number of the people: for Job said, Behold, my son has sinned, and has turned away his heart from Yahweh. Job did so.
He said, Love God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your strength; and love your neighbor as yourself; more than the burnt offering and the sacrifice of livestock.
For he will surely live, and not die, unless his body is healed from all his iniquities with which he has sinned.
Lebanese, open your gates, that the fire may devour your cedars.
He shall sprinkle the blood of his sickle seven times on the altar, and purify it, and separate it from the uncleanness of the children of Israel, and sanctify it.
Then John was not put into prison until that day.
You have brought forth Shubh your king, and Shubh your sheep, the stars of your gods, for your own service.
This man, who says he will destroy the temple, rise up in three days, and save yourself. If you are the Son of God, come down from the cross.
All the life of the earth and the breath of the people are in his hand.
The king made his words according to the order, even the words that were by the side of the wall: and Jonathan stood, and Abner sat by Saul's side; and the words of David were left unfinished.
Then the congregation grew weary, and one cried out, and the other didn't know what they were talking about.
They said, Has Yahweh spoken with Moses? Hasn't he spoken with us? Yahweh has heard this.
Yahweh, the God of heaven and earth, the great and fearful God, has made a covenant with those who love him, and with those who obey his commandments.
He made a ring of pure gold, and a pomegranate ring of pomegranate, and put it between the ring and the pomegranate round about.
Moses said to the children of Israel, Their princes delivered the rod to them, according to the number of the names of the princes of their tribes, twelve rods: and Aaron's rod was among the rods.
Your servant fears you. Set your word in order for him.
He sent another third, and the farmers struck him, and drove him out.
For they didn't listen to the voice of Yahweh their God, neither walked in his covenant, neither listened to the commandment of Moses the man of God.
In the sixth year of king Darius began the house to be built in the tenth month, in the tenth day of the month Adath.
To fill your soul with good things, And make your youth like an eagle.
In the midst of the sons of the priests went forth the foreign wives, the house of Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his brothers, Maaseiah, Eliezer, Jalip, and Gedaliah.
Their horses were seven hundred thirty-six; and their chariots two hundred forty-five;
Jael stretched out his hand with his lamp, and his right hand with the rod of the workmen; and he drew the rod on Sheshah, and he drew it over his head, and he drew it along his side.
So I stayed there. I saw the great vision, and there was no strength in my body. The beauty of my face was darkened, and there was no strength.
You shall love Yahweh your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your strength.
Hear, Yahweh, the God of Armies, my prayer. Listen, Yahweh, the God of Jacob. Selah.
He commanded them, saying, Tell my lord Esau, Thus says your servant Jacob, I am in Laban, and I am here to this day.
But he answered them, Blessed are those who keep the word of the Lord.
When sin is conceived, it produces iniquity, and after iniquity it produces death.
Then all who call on the name of the Lord will be saved.
The day that the king had appointed to bring them in was come; and the captain of the guard brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar.
Thekouah's wife said to the king, My lord the king, let this sin be on me, and on my father's house; and there shall be no sin in the king, nor in his words.
In the forty-ninth year there was no blemish in your garments, neither was there any blemish in your feet.
I have obeyed your voice, not as other men do. I have observed myself, not following the way of the violent.
I will command them, and cause them to come again to this city; and they shall fight against this city, and take it, and burn it with fire: and I will make the cities of Judah desolate, and none shall dwell therein.
He who doesn't love wrath has great understanding, But the Holy One has great folly.
I made Shelemiah the priest, and Zadok the scribe, and Petaiah the Levite, officers of the chambers, and officers over the chambers; Hanan the son of Zaccur, and Zaccur the son of Mattaniah; for I saw that these were men, and that their work was for their brothers.
All the men of Judah returned from all the places where they were driven, and came to Mizpah in the land of Judah, and came to Gedaliah; and they gathered in abundance fruit, and fruit of the summer.
You shall take the inheritance of a stranger, and shall take it; but your brothers shall not take it: that Yahweh your God may bless you in the land where you go to possess it, in all that you put your hand to.
that the Lord may wash the filthiness of the daughter of Zion with a spirit of judgment, and with a spirit of burnt offering, and cleanse Jerusalem from the blood of the slain.
Shakanah the son of Jazeel, the son of Elam, the son of Josiah, answered Ezra, We have taken a foreign woman out of the people of the land, and have rebelled against our God: yet there is hope for Israel in this matter.
Aaron returned to Moses, and came to the door of the tent of meeting, and the plague ceased.
For if we confess our sins, God is truth and righteousness. He will forgive our sins, and will wash away all our iniquities.
The arrows were like the arrows of a reed; and the spears were six hundred shekels of iron; and a shield was before him.
Behold, there was a man with a scabbard in his hand, who, when he thought he might bring a snare to him, said to him, Is it lawful to rest on the Sabbath day?
It happened the same night, that Yahweh said to Gideon, Bring your father's bull, the second bull of the seven years; and break down all the altars of Baal your father, and cut down the Asherim by the altar;
The Pharisees came to him, and began to argue with him. They wanted to test him, and to ask him to do a sign out of heaven.
Those who were gathered to him were the priests who lived in the plain.
Therefore I wrote this letter to you, when I didn't come to you, that I wouldn't come to you in judgment with the authority of the Lord, which he gave me, to build, and not to destroy.
From among them shall come forth a voice of thanksgiving and gladness; and I will multiply them, and not diminish; and I will exalt them, and not diminish.
All those who engrave idols are vanity; they have no pleasure; their witnesses see nothing; they don't know anything; they are ashamed.
Thus says Yahweh: Behold, I will go into the wind of destruction against Babylon, and against the Chaldeans who dwell there.
Moses said, This is what Yahweh has commanded you, and the glory of Yahweh will be revealed to you.
Behold, he speaks graciously, and no one speaks to him. Do you say these things, that it is true that this is the Christ?
It will happen in the latter days, that they will return to the place, because the sins of the Amorites are not resolved.
I have prayed to the Lord three times for this. He has taken him away from me.
He named the second son Ephraim, because he said, God has blessed me in my affliction.
The people answered Joshua, No, but we are determined to serve Yahweh.
The goat who did the work of the gate was the king of Hera; and the two horns that were between his eyes were the king's first.
Those who followed him saw that Saul was dead, and that he had spied him by the sword.
But he said, Hear now, brothers, before Abraham our father went to Haran, and the glory of God appeared to him in Mesopotamia,
Woe to you rich men! For you have lived in abundance.
It happened in the fourth year of Gideon the son of Joash, when he was old, that he died, and was buried in Ophrah of the Abiezerites, in the tomb of Joash his father.
and he shall stay with him all day long, until your brother's anger be kindled.
The servants of Achish said to him, Isn't this David the king of the kingdom? They sing and say in the music: Saul has slain thousands of them, and David has slain thousands of them.
The days of the ark were long in Kiriath Jearim: and the house of Israel remembered Yahweh twenty years.
Another of his disciples, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, said to him,
The woman answered him, I have no interest in it. Jesus said to her, You don't have interest in it.
In the eighteenth year of king Josiah did he keep the Passover to Yahweh in Jerusalem.
His eyes are darkened by reason of milk, And his mouth is white by reason of milk.
Shall you stir up the branches of the wind? or shall you pursue after the dry grass?
Yahweh is righteous and upright. He will show sinners how to walk in the way.
When he had waited for Silas and Timothy in Athens, he saw that all the cities were idols, and he prayed with his whole heart.
His disciples said to him, It is better for a man's wife to do this than for a man's wife to do that which is good.
Their bulls don't breed, Neither do their cows rear their young.
one male goat for a sin offering;
Moreover I said to the wicked, You shall surely die,' if he turns again from his iniquity, and does that which is right and right;
These things I tell you, that your faith may not be shaken.
The Pharisees therefore said to him, You testify about yourself, and your testimony is false.
When Hezekiah and the princes came and looked at the towers, they blessed Yahweh, and blessed his people Israel.
then the priest shall command that they cast the stones of the plague away, and cast them out of the city into a place that is not clean.
As for the prince, for he is the prince, let him sit in the chamber, and eat bread before Yahweh: and he shall come in by the way of the porch of the gate, and shall go forth from there.
God played the prostitute with the hand of Paul.
It happened at that time, that a woman who had been cast away twelve years came near to him, and touched the cords of his garments.
The idol is a scepter of evil. A silver scepter is on him, and a silver scepter is on him.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Stretch out your rod, and strike the dust of the ground, and make him a prostitute throughout all the land of Egypt.
Now the rest of the acts of Menahem, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
For death has come to our door, And has entered into our stronghold. He has destroyed the little ones from outside, And the young men from the streets.
Moses said, Show me your glory.
I have made for myself a flower and a tree, and have planted in it all kinds of fruit trees.
neither shall you take your neighbor's wife, nor your neighbor's house, nor his field, nor his servant, nor his handmaid, nor his ox, nor his donkey, nor all that your neighbor has.
We know that God spoke to Moses, but we don't know where this man came from.
Their tents and their flocks shall be taken away, and their linen cloths, and all their vessels, and their camels, shall be taken away for their own. They shall cry to them, and say, There shall be fear round about them.'
He said to me, Let him go and build him a house in the land of Sinal: and if the house is good, let him be in his own place.
Judah sent a goat to his friend the Adullamite, that he might take it out of the woman's hand, but he didn't find it.
Every man brought his present to Yahweh, both a man and a woman, every man with his golden vessels, the rings of the breastplate, the snuffers, the snuffers, and the snuffers.
Moses and Eleazar the priest took their gold, which was of every good reed.
Moses anointed the tent of meeting, and all that was therein, and sanctified it.
Then the king passed over, and came to Gilgal; and he passed over with him at Chimham: and all Judah passed over, and half the people of Israel.
The master of the house came out to them, and said to them, Beloved, don't do this evil thing. Don't do this shameful thing, because this man entered into my house.
For God is greater than our hearts, And knows all things.
We can't seek him, the Almighty, who has great power, justice, and fullness of righteousness, and will not afflict anyone.
Joab the son of Zeruiah was captain of the army; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud was captain of the guard.
But in the day that he comes, who can stand? When he appears, who can stand? For he is like a burning fiery fire, Like a rustling furnace.
Therefore they answered, We don't know where they came from.
The lord of the man's house shall return in the day that he is not struck, when he thinks he can't come.
For Christ died for us, that we might live, whether we were dead or alive, in him alone.
I know your name, and will testify against them, that your love may be in them, and I in them.
So then, through Christ Jesus, the peace of God, which they have received, will be preserved in you.
They said, This is Jesus, the prophet, of the Nazarenes, who are in Galilee.
The drought and the flood are not numbered, but they are numbered by the God of the seed.
All promises of God are in Jesus Christ. Therefore we say to him, Amen, and glorify God.
God stretched out his hand, and struck the rock, and took it out of the base of the mountain.
Let the nations rejoice, and let them sing with joy: For you have judged the nations in righteousness, The nations of the earth in the way. Selah.
There were chambers outside of the gate of the inner court, by the side of the north gate, for those who sang; and the chambers were toward the south, and by the side of the east gate toward the north.
Yahweh, you are my King. Set a commandment, that you may save Jacob.
I came to the well this day, and said, Yahweh, the God of my master Abraham, if you will, let me keep my way.
For Yahweh your God has walked in your camp, to deliver you, and to deliver your enemies to you: therefore shall your camp be holy, that he not see your affliction, and depart from you.
Jacob also stayed with Rachel, and loved Rachel more than Leah. He worked seven years.
As you did to Midian, so did you to them. As you did to Sheshai and Jabin by the river Kishon.
All the captains of the army, Johanan the son of Kareah, and Jehoiah the son of Hoshaiah, and all the people, from the youngest of them even to the greatest of them;
Shall a man live after his death? Let me keep the days of my labor, until the days of my misery come.
So did the magicians with their enchantments, and brought the frogs into the land of Egypt.
If you depart from Yahweh to serve the gods of the nations, Yahweh will return to bring evil on you, and destroy you, after he has blessed you.
Let your wrath be poured out on them. Let your wrath be on them.
You have divided the sea before them, that they may pass through it as dry land; You have cast their pursuers into the deep sea, as stones into the midst of great waters;
Paul wanted to enter into the crowd, but his disciples blocked him.
The livestock of the children of Reuben and the livestock of Gad were exceeding many; and they saw the land of Jazer, and the land of Gilead, as a place to take livestock.
as the baptism, the hand, the resurrection of the dead, and the constant instruction of the everlasting judgment.
Moreover Yahweh your God will send to them a great sweet savor, until they have consumed them before you.
Moses said to Aaron and to Eleazar and to Ithamar his sons, You shall not break the hair of your head, nor tear your clothes, that you not die, nor that Yahweh be angry with the congregation: but all your brothers the house of Israel shall cry out for the fire of Yahweh, which he has ignored.
But if a man says that he lives in light, yet hates his brother, or his sister, he shall surely live in darkness.
Loth, Odo, and the valley of labor.
It shall happen, when you shall find affliction, and the things come on you, that you shall turn to Yahweh your God, and hear his word.
I, Zedekiah, the firstborn of this letter, greet you in the Lord.
Go up to the top of the mountains, you who bring good news to Zion; and shout for your God, you who bring good news to Jerusalem: lift up your voice, don't be afraid, and say to the city of Judah, Behold, your God!
He who mocks the poor blasphemes, But he who humbles himself honors the Lord.
There shall be a place for the animal, and the eagle shall be gathered there.
Kedemoth with its suburbs, and Mephaath with its suburbs; four cities.
All the remnant of Syria, the high places of Ephraim, and the kingdom of Damascus, shall pass away, as the glory of Israel passes away, says Yahweh of Armies.
For you shall enter into a land of possession, not as you came forth into the land of Egypt, where you shall graze, and tread with your feet as in a field.
Therefore the animals of the wilderness and the wolves shall dwell therein, and the sword shall dwell therein forever without a man, and forever without a man.
and you shall eat until the month is full, and the flesh shall come out of your nostrils, and you shall abhor; for you have forsaken Yahweh, who dwells among you, and wept before him, and said, Why have we come forth out of Egypt?
Behold, he shines his light on it. He covers the seas.
His wisdom was greater than all men, and greater than Ethon the Ezranite, and Than Heman the son of Mahol, Than Calcor and Tartah; and his fame was known among the nations that were round about him.
He said to the king of Israel, Put your hand to your bow. He put his hand to his bow.
Therefore bring to me all the prophets of Baal, and all who serve Baal, and all his priests; none of them shall be diminished: for I will offer a great sacrifice to Baal, and none shall live. Jehu has done this with deceit, and will utterly kill those who worship Baal.
If his strength is not enough to offer two turtledoves or two young pigeons, then he shall bring his offering for his sin which he has sinned, the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a sin offering; he shall not add oil to it, nor buy frankincense; for it is a sin offering.
What better way is it to say, Your sins are forgiven,' or to say, Rise up and walk?'
He said to them, Set a feast for them. They said, We have five loaves and two fish here. But if we don't buy, why do we eat all these?
Ahaz said, I will not ask, nor testify against Yahweh.
Then king David went in, and sat before Yahweh, and said, Who am I, Yahweh God, and what is my house, that you have brought me to this house?
The man said, This is the flesh of my bones, and the flesh of my flesh; and I will call her Woman; for she is brought forth out of the man.
It happened on the twenty-threeth day of the seventh month, that the king sent the people to their tents, and they rejoiced and rejoiced every man with his heart, because of the favor of Yahweh, which he gave to David, and to Solomon, and to his people Israel.
But these are the statutes and the precepts of men, and the king doesn't abide by them.
Therefore I will not walk in my wrath, neither will my eyes love them, nor pity them; though they cry to my ears, I will not listen.
He who strays from his work will be afflicted. The tongue of gentleness will break the bones.
Those who went through the brook turned back, and they came to a desolate place, and died.
We have not glorified ourselves with other labors. We hope that your faith will be multiplied, And that the work of our hands will be multiplied among you.
When the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, they said, This is the king of Israel; and they turned aside to fight against him. Jehoshaphat cried out, and Yahweh helped him, and Yahweh commanded them to depart from him.
He who redeems them will be mighty, and his name will be Yahweh of Armies. He will be gracious to them, and will bring peace to all the earth, and will cause the inhabitants of Babylon to tremble.
Then I said in my heart, This is what the fool finds; and shouldn't I be wiser than them? I said in my heart, This also is vanity.
But when she turned and saw him standing, she didn't believe that he was Jesus.
Be of good courage, and let us play the prostitute for our people, and for the cities of our God: Yahweh do that which is good in his sight.
For Yahweh can't bring this people into the land which he swore to them; therefore he has killed them in the wilderness.
This is the word of Yahweh, which he spoke by Jeremiah: wait for the land to enjoy its rest; for it shall be rest for seventy years, when it shall be desolate.
They did it for the sight of all. They made the robes longer, and the skirts of their garments longer.
Though you are a calf, and not a bear, but a bear, I will bring you out of my mouth.
He said, What will I do to the Kingdom of God?
They made two rings of gold, and two rings of gold, and put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate.
Every man who touches his flesh shall be holy: and if his blood is sprinkled on any garment, and it is sprinkled on him, then you shall bathe him in the holy place.
For they all saw him, and were afraid. He said to them immediately, I am, and don't be afraid.
Weep for Saul, daughter of Israel! For he made you to be glad in scarlet, And made your garments of gold.
Jesus said to him, What do you want? He said to him, When you are king, let one of my two sons sit on your right hand, and another on your left.
It happened, when all the people heard these words, that they said, Truly this man is the prophet.
David called a young man, and said, Put your trust in him, and kill him. He went and killed him.
Then Asher said concerning him, Blessed be Asher for his son, and the joy of his brothers, that he may lay his foot on the fat.
For, behold, the Father loves us, that he may call us children of God, and we are his children in all things. Therefore the sons of men don't know us, because they don't know God.
When Ahorebah his sister saw it, she was more sexually immoral than she; and she was more sexually immoral than her mother.
It shall be, when Aaron lights the lamp, that he shall burn incense: it shall be the incense that you shall burn before Yahweh continually throughout your generations.
The wicked lift up their face, and say, He will not be saved; But all that he thinks he has is a vessel of ungodliness.
Seven times shall you sprinkle the leprosy on him who is to be cleansed, and you shall pronounce him clean; and you shall let the living bird go into the field.
Then we possessed the land: and I gave it to the children of Reuben, and to the children of Gad, after Aroer, which is by the valley of the Arnon, and after the half-tribe of Gilead, and after the cities of it.
When the net was full, he hurried, and sat down; and he took the good fish, and brought them into the dungeon, and cast out the deadly fish.
Then I will shine a lamp on Jerusalem, and I will punish those who are like ten thousand in the sixth generation, who say in their heart, Yahweh will not bring good, neither will he bring evil.
So the priests, and the Levites, and the porters, and the singers, and one third of the people, and the Nethinim, and all Israel, lived in their cities.
If his father has no brother, then he shall give his inheritance to the relatives of his people, and he shall possess it: it shall be a statute for the children of Israel to keep forever, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Samuel said to him, Thus has Yahweh broken the kingdom of Israel from you this day, that he may give it to one of your neighbors better than you.
They always go their way. Wherever the spirit goes, they go there. They don't turn their bodies when they go their way.
He arose, and went to his father. When your father was yet a little far off, he saw him, and was astonished at him. He ran, and kissed him continually.
But we don't fear to do errands, but we are saved by faith.
The sound of the cherubim spread abroad as the voice of the Almighty.
It is good for a man's mouth to answer prudence, But it is good for a time to answer.
That they may know that this is out of your hand, That you, Yahweh, have done it.
Therefore you shall be hungry, thirsty, naked, and have nothing to eat, to serve the enemies whom Yahweh has sent against you; and he shall put iron in your neck, until he has consumed you.
The fruit of the light is wisdom, righteousness, and truth.
The sheep shall not follow the blind, but shall flee, because they don't understand the voice of the blind.
In the second month, in the second year of his coming out of Egypt, Yahweh commanded Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, saying,
If anyone sins, and hears the voice of an oath, then he shall be a witness; but he who sees or knows, he shall not say, he shall bear his iniquity.
You say that you have counsel and strength to fight. I say that it is a vanity. But who is he who trusts in you to rebel against me?
Abner sought counsel with the elders of Israel, saying, You desired that David should reign over you,
The pot is for the price of silver, and the knead is for the price of gold. A great praise is able to prove a man.
But concerning the Holy One, he said, Your throne, God, endures forever, The authority of your kingdom is uprightness.
You shall offer a bull for a sin offering, says the Lord Yahweh, to the sons of Zadok the Levite, the priest, who come near to me to minister to me.
You shall write a letter to the angel of the assembly in Sarath, saying, Thus says he who has the seven Spirits of God and the seven stars, I know your works; that you live in truth, and that you die.
My son, don't forget my precepts. Keep my commandments in your heart.
Their yoke is calm, and they don't fear. The rod of God doesn't strike them.
The men said therefore to them, What is the name of the man who built this house?
Therefore the saints who keep the commandment of God and the truth of Jesus, let them have faith.
and the ark of the testimony, and its poles, and the mercy seat;
This Ezra came out of Babylon, according to the law which Yahweh, the God of Israel, gave Moses: he was a scribe of all the king's houses; and the king did to him according to all that Yahweh his God had given him.
Pharaoh dealt well with Abram for the woman: and Abram received sheep, oxen, and donkeys, male servants, female servants, and female donkeys, and camels.
The pots are for the price of silver, and the wagons for the price of gold; but Yahweh is for the price of man's heart.
But if a man keeps God's word, he is perfect in God's love; and we know that we will live according to the will of God.
It happened on the next day, in the second day of the month, that David's words were uttered. Saul said to Jonathan his son, Why didn't the son of Jesse eat bread today and tomorrow?
But we all received according to the portion which Christ gave to us.
Everyone who worships the multitudes of the sky on the housetop, and those who worship, and swears by Yahweh, and by Malcam,
He who hates me hates my Father also.
I will fill the mountains with the slain; and the slain by the sword shall fall on your lowland, and on the valleys, and on all the caves.
A angel of the Lord appeared to them by the way. The glory of the Lord was on the four sides. They were amazed.
When he has sown stone, and he has sown a house, and has bowed his head, and the plague has returned to his house,
and for sacrifices of peace offerings, and for a freewill offering, and for a proclamation and for a proclamation; which you delight in, children of Israel.
For God has made him to a perfect border, and he has become a bond of salvation to all those who obey him forever.
Give your affairs to Yahweh, and trust in him, and he will make you whole.
When they have poured out their waters, the angel of the Lord will come down and strike the waters with his finger. When they have struck them, all things will be well with the first who goes down.
Jesus said to them, I am bread of life. Those who come to me will not be hungry, Nor those who believe in me forever.
He will say, Their gods, the rock on which they trust,
Haven't you heard the words of this people? They say, He has rejected the two nations which Yahweh has chosen; therefore they despise my people, that they may no more build a kingdom before them.
It happened in the three and a half years of Asa king of Judah, that Baasha struck him, and kept his words.
Your beautiful name shall be known among the nations, and it shall be perfect in your beauty; for I will give you my glory, says the Lord Yahweh.
I said, You are gods. You are all sons of the Most High.
For thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Neither shall there be any impurity in the midst of the house, neither shall the fat of the midst of the chamber fail, until the day that Yahweh is poured out on the earth.
But Paul said to the men, We are Romans, and they have bound us in sackcloth before all the people, and put us in prison. Now will they drive us out secretly, or won't it be? Call the rulers of Rome, and bring us out.
Hear, the shepherds cries out for their glory. Listen, the mighty lions cries out for the destruction of the forest by the Jordan.
Therefore our prophecy, which we prophesied from the prophets, is stronger. Listen, for this prophecy is like a lamp that burns in darkness, even to the dawning of the morning, until a star appears in your heart.
The priest shall offer burnt offerings and meal offerings on the altar; and the priest shall make atonement for him, and he shall be clean.
All the vessels of the tent, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of the court, shall be of brass.
Yahweh of Armies, my king, my God, the sparrow seeks his own house, and the owl seeks his own son's death, even in your altar.
That we may believe in this, that we may receive it all.
I command evil against you, Yahweh of Armies, because of the wickedness of Israel and Judah, to burn incense to Baal, to provoke me to anger; and you shall be repaid for your doings.
As he has exalted himself, so shall he afflict him; for he has said in his heart, I am a queen sitting in the king's seat, and I am not a widow, and I will not be hurt.
Let the heavens sing; for Yahweh has built them; the deep places of the earth a voice of gladness; the mountains a voice of singing: so shall the forest and all the trees of it be; for Yahweh has redeemed Jacob, and he will be glorified in Israel.
Have patience, that you may know the will of God, and receive the promise.
All the women of the land were not as beautiful as the daughters of Job; but their father gave them inheritance among their brothers.
A voice of a horse, A voice of a chariot, A shouting of horses, A shouting of chariots;
They brought him to the high priest, and the chief priests, the elders, and the scribes gathered themselves together.
Don't you know? Don't you remember that I gave five thousand men to eat bread, and that those who left to eat wood?
But there is a thing that will testify against me, that I have cried among them, saying, I have been judged this day for the resurrection of the dead.'
He became great, and great, and great, until he became great.
The people answered Joshua, and said, We will serve Yahweh our God, and will obey his voice.
Amaziah struck the Edomites in the valley of salt a hundred thousand; and he took Shelah, and called him Jothar, to this day.
He said to them, Is it better for the Sabbath to do good or to do evil? Or for the life of a man to save, or for the life of a man to harm? They held their peace.
The house which Solomon built for Yahweh was sixty cubits long, and twenty cubits broad, and thirty cubits high.
He builds a house like a man, and digs deep. He puts the foundations on the rock. When the flood comes, it covers the house, and the house is not shaken; for the house is established.
If you will not listen to me, and keep the Sabbath as a holy day, then you shall enter into every gate of Jerusalem on the Sabbath day: and I will set a fire in every gate; and the fire shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem, and shall not be devoured.
Then he passed by a great wheat field on the Sabbath day, and his disciples were hungry, and drank of wheat.
When he turns away from the first vow, he makes himself guilty.
I give thanks to the strength of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has shown me faithfulness, that I should come and serve him.
For we shall all die, as water falls on the earth, and it shall not be gathered again. But Yahweh doesn't take the life of man, but he has ordained that the souls of the dead should not be driven out from him.
When you command a man for his iniquity, you shall destroy his desire as a pestilence; for the sons of men are vanity. Selah.
You have shown loving kindness to the loving one. You have shown loving kindness to the perfect one.
Yahweh, my rock, and my Redeemer, receive before you the word of my mouth, and the thought of my heart.
Who is God, other than Yahweh? Or a rock, other than our God?
When Saul saw it, he knew that Yahweh was with David, and that Michal the daughter of Saul loved him also.
He made the ephod of gold, and of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.
But Yahweh, who brought you up out of the land of Egypt with a mighty hand and with an outstretched arm, fear him, and worship him, and sacrifice to him.
Yahweh, you see that this is a small thing, for you have spoken of the house of your servant to a long time. Yahweh God, you have dealt with me as with the wisdom of honorable men.
Why do you tremble, my soul? Why do you cling to me? Look to God. I will praise him still, for he is the glory of my face, and my God.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Go, and tell the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying, Did you not receive instruction, nor obey my voice?
The way of the wicked is an abomination to Yahweh; But he who seeks righteousness will love him.
There shall be no more a voice of Yahweh heard, as in that day, because Yahweh has fought for Israel.
I said to the wicked, You shall surely die: if you don't warn him, nor warn the wicked, and cause him to depart from his evil way, to save his life; that wicked man shall die in his iniquity; but I will take his life out of your hand.
He entered again into the synagogue, and there was a man with a broken hand.
There was a river, and the springs of water were in it; and it made the city of Yahweh glad, the sanctuary of the Most High.
Man walks from his way, and walks in deceit. There is none who does good, and there is none who doesn't draw a sword.
It is better to dwell on the corner of the housetop, Than with a weary woman to dwell in a narrow house.
But if we haven't waited, we have come the second time.
You shall put on linen garments when they go in to the door of the house: you shall not put on linen garments when they go in to the door of the house, nor when they walk in the house.
It happened, when the heavens were set on fire, that Yahweh looked down from the cloud and from the pillar of fire, and saw the army of Egypt, and struck their pillars.
Yahweh has given me two tablets of stone, which Yahweh has written with a pen: and the writing on the top of it is according to all that Yahweh has spoken to you in the day of the assembly, on the mountains, and in the midst of the fire.
Who can condemn his generation? For his life has been fulfilled on the earth.
I take a little water, and give it to you to wash your feet, and lay it down under your hands.
You blind are a companion of the lioness. The little lioness is taken by you, and the camels are swallowed up.
Pharaoh shall do so, and shall set a ruler over the land. In the seventh year, in the year of rejoicing, he shall take the portion of the land of Egypt,
Aaron is dying, because he can't enter into the land which I give to the children of Israel; because you have transgressed my commandment in the waters of Meribah.
The king set it in the plains of the Jordan, between Succoth and Zeruthon, in the land of clay.
I will restore your body, and it shall heal your wounds; for they have called you a fugitive, says Yahweh: It is Zion, and no one comes to inquire of it.
I am the vine, and you are the branches; he who dwells in me, I will dwell in his, and will yield to him fruit abundantly; for if he is with me, you shall not do anything.
They gathered together all the people, the elders, and the scribes, and took Styphania, and delivered it to the council of the righteous.
These four men, whom the great men of Gath bore, were in the hand of David, and in the hand of his servants.
Every year, on the Passover, his father and his brothers passed through Jerusalem.
Your bows are gone forth. All the oaths of these tribes are true. Selah. You have divided the earth by the river.
This is the way which Yahweh your God commanded you: do it; that you may live, and be blessed, and that you may be long in the day that you shall inherit the land.
But you, son of a prostitute, he has divided you to all his possessions. When he comes, you shall kill the fattened bull for him.'
They all marveled, saying, All his works were good, and he made the deaf to hear, and the mute to speak.
Jacob lifted up his eyes, and saw Esau coming, and four hundred men with him. He divided the children, and gave them to Leah, and to Rachel, and to the two handmaids.
I will keep your statutes. Don't forsake me utterly.
All the Levites who were numbered of them, even Moses, Aaron, and the princes of Israel, by their families, by their fathers' houses,
For he has established your doors, And blessed the children of your midst.
They took him, and brought him to Annapolis; for he was a high priest of the people, and the elder of the high priest of Caiaphas that year.
One of his servants answered the king, and said, Send us five horses left over, which are left in the city: behold, they are left in the city as the children of Israel; behold, they are destroyed as the children of Israel; and let us see.
His dominion is great, but not from his own dominion; and he shall do exceeding destruction, and prosper, and shall do according to his own will; and he shall destroy the rulers and the holy people.
A certain man's name was Eliezer; for Moses said, The God of my father helped me, and delivered me out of the sword of Pharaoh.
Her branches shall be broken, and her women shall burn them; for the people are foolish: therefore their God will not be merciful to them, neither will he be gracious to them, who created them.
If the pomegranate hasn't grown in its place, and hasn't been borne in its place, the priest shall pronounce him clean.
Yahweh did according to his will in heaven, and in the earth, and in the sea, and in all the depths of the deep.
I will enlarge the nations, and all the nations shall come, and I will fill the house with glory, says Yahweh of Armies.
I will be to him a Father, and he will be to me a son; and I will not leave my loving kindness from him, as I did to a king from the way before me.
When he saw a fig tree by the way, he sat down, and said, There is no fruit in the tree, but a sycamore tree. He said to the tree, You shall no more produce fruit from now on. The fig tree dried up immediately.
Then Jesus called the multitudes and his disciples to himself, and said to them, If anyone desires to follow me, let him leave his cross, and follow me.
I will make Jerusalem a heap of dust, and a dwelling place for the wild donkeys; and I will make the cities of Judah a desolation, and no man shall dwell therein.
All the loving kindness and the truth which you have shown to your servant, even the youngest, I haven't gotten. I took my rod, and passed over this Jordan, and am now two great men.
Joshua rose up early in the morning, and went out, he and all Israel with him, from Shittim, and came to the Jordan: and before he had passed over, he slept there, until he had passed over the river.
Samson said to them, This time I have hurt the Philistines, and they have not sinned against me.
On Mount Zion shall flee, and shall be sanctified; and the house of Jacob shall possess it.
It happened on one of those days, that Eli slept in his own place; and his eyes were closed, and he could not see.
Therefore the promise is by faith, that the promise may be preserved in the peace of God for all the children of Abraham, not only those who are circumcised, but also those who are bound to the faith of Abraham, our fathers.
It happened in the first month, on the first day of the seventh year, in the first day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Pharaoh prepared his chariot, and led his people away together.
God said to him who was clothed in linen, Go in, and take the cherubim in the midst of the wheel of the way, and take the two sticks full of the coals of fire from the cherubim, and lay them on the wall. Then my eyes were on him who went in.
You shall take a wife, and other shall be with her; and you shall build houses, and shall not stand in them; and you shall plant vineyards, and shall not eat of their fruit.
Saying, Where is the promise of the Lord? All our fathers are dead, but all things are new from the foundation of the world.
They came to Philip the Bethsaidite, who was in Galilee, and begged him, saying, Sir, we want to see Jesus.
The lord said to him, I tell you, I will increase him who is dead, and all that he has left of him will I take away.
Samson struck them with great violence, and burned their dead bodies. He went down to dwell on the stone of Etam.
One man has faith in a spirit, and another has healing in a spirit.
Prepare you yourselves, and prepare you yourselves, you, and all the army that is with you; and you shall be their captain.
Yahweh preserves all those who love him; But he will destroy all those who do evil.
Don't you remember that four thousand of you ate seven loaves of bread, and you sat on the sand that was left over?
When we had sat by the river of Babylon, we remembered Zion; and our eyes fell on it.
For the Levite has no portion nor inheritance among you: he shall eat of it, he, and the foreigner, and the fatherless, and the widow, who dwell in your gates; so that Yahweh your God may bless you in all that you do.
When they were disappointed because of their hope, they were dismayed, and came to the end.
Then Gideon brought the people down to the water. Yahweh said to Gideon, He who eats and drinks, as the lion does, let him stand alone; and he who drinks and goes down to drink, let him stand alone.
Every vow, and every swearing of the covenant, he shall afflict himself; and his husband shall establish him, and his wife shall take him away.
When Jesus was angry, one looked at them, and was grieved because of them. He said to the man, Stretch out your hand. He stretched out his hand, and it went out.
Yahweh spoke to Moses the same day, saying,
He is a snare in the waters. Their weight is cursed on the earth. He doesn't turn again to walk in the vineyards.
He will die in his youth. Their life will be as a child, and will be stricken with evil.
For Israel has forgotten to build their lord, and to prepare; and the house of Judah has built strong cities: and I will send a fire on them, and will burn their camp.
When Jesus, the Lord, had made an end of speaking these words to them, he was taken up into heaven, and sat on God's right hand.
You are afflicted. I will put a hyssop on your head, and a blue stone on your foundations. I will make you a rest from the whirlwind.
When you cry with a loud voice, that your gathering may save you, the wind shall sweep them away, and the breath shall blow them up; but he who trusts in me will possess the land, and will inherit my holy mountain.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: I will judge you, house of Israel, according to all that you have done: turn you from all your iniquities, that sins not consume you.
Those who were speaking with him marveled at his understanding and his answer.
and he was king in the plains of the Jordan between Succoth and Zalethon, in the land of clay, and he made clay tablets of clay.
He measured his length twenty cubits, and his breadth twenty cubits, before the house: and he said to me, This is the most holy thing.
Saul was very angry, and didn't delight himself in this word: and he said, Give ten thousand to David, and ten thousand to me, but leave me only the remnant of the kingdom.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and serve him; and you shall swear by his name.
She cried with a loud voice, Woe to you! Woe to Babylon! Now this city is become a dwelling place for mighty men, and for all the snares of evil spirits, and for all the animals of abomination and affliction.
But if a man doesn't believe in his heart, he will not receive it with joy. He who comes near to God must believe in his presence, and that he will reward those who seek him.
Nevertheless I didn't forsake them, nor abhor them, when they were in the land of their enemies; but I destroyed them utterly, and rebelled against my covenant which I made with them; for I am Yahweh their God.
Take heed to yourselves; for they shall deliver you up to the council, and you shall be struck in the synagogue: and you shall stand before the magistrates and the kings for my cause, and shall be witnesses against me.
Then you shall lift up your face without blemish; and you shall stand, and shall not be afraid.
As he was sitting on the Mount of Olives, looking toward the temple, Peter, James, John, and Andrew asked him secretly, saying,
Egypt is full as the Nile, and its waters are as the rivers flowing. His words say, I will go up, and I will cover the land. I will destroy the cities, and the inhabitants of it.
Pharaoh said to him, What lack have you here, that you should return to your own country? He said to him, I lack nothing, but let me return.
He said to me, You great lover, Daniel, understand what I have said to you. Arise, for I have sent to you. When he spoke to me, I stood up straight.
Joram took all the chariots, and passed over to Zil, and rose up early in the night, and struck the Edomites who surrounded him, and the captains of the chariots: and the people fled, and went every man to his tent.
The great and the honorable are the first, And the prophets who teach lies are the last.
Be strong, that God may consider you an abomination, a lowly man, and a faithful witness of the truth.
that I may be glorified in the day of Christ; for I am not a liar, and my labor is not in vain.
Solomon built the cities which Hiram had given Solomon, and made Israel to dwell therein.
Give thanks to Yahweh with harps, And praise him with ten songs.
He called all the chief priests and the scribes of the people together, and said to them, Where is Christ born?
Arise, sword, against my shepherds, and against him who is with me, says Yahweh of Armies: strike the shepherds, and the flocks shall be scattered; and I will turn my hand, and strike the little ones.
When all Israel saw that the king didn't listen to them, the people said to the king, What portion have we in David? We have nothing to do with the sons of Jesse: return, Israel, to your tents, David; and the children of Israel returned to their tents.
Now therefore choose you out of the tribes of Israel twelve men, out of every tribe one;
They said to Joshua, We are your servants. Joshua said to them, Who are you? From where have you come?
Remember, Yahweh, how I have walked before you in perfect heart, and in truth, and in the good that you have seen. Hezekiah wept bitterly.
For one man's disobedience, all men are sinners; and for another man's obedience, all men are righteous.
The money that is redeemed from the house of the people shall be Aaron's and his sons'.
He is feared by men of godliness, and by the house of God, who sacrifices to the poor and needy, and prays continually to God.
He had a son, Saul by name, a mighty man of valor, and a good looking head; and there was none like him in Israel: and he had a higher head than all the people.
Samuel said to Saul, Why have you troubled me, and brought me up? Saul said, I am afflicted to the end. For God has not departed from me, neither has he answered me with prophets, or with dreams. Please come, that I may do.
But he said to them, Come after me, and go out to those who are dead, and bury them.
The word of Yahweh came to Jonah the son of Amittai, saying,
I will make this house like Shiloh, and will make it a sign to all the nations of the earth that curse it.'
But if these are in my heart, they are hidden from my face.
But David brought him from Kiriath Jearim to the place prepared for him; for he had pitched his tent for God in Jerusalem.
Come, let us walk in the way of peace, both in darkness and in the shadow of death.
I lifted up my hands toward heaven, and said, I tell you my eternal life:
A fool is wise if he holds his peace, But he who doesn't hold his peace is wise.
but Solomon was made king.
So the field and the caves of the field were given to Abraham for an inheritance from the Hittites, for a burial ground.
But his heart was lifted up, and his holy place lifted up, so that he walked in pride; and he broke down his throne, and took away his glory.
Jacob took the green trees, and the palm trees, and the sycamore trees, and the olive trees, and the pomegranates; and he covered the innards with white, and made the branches of the innards white.
He who blesses Yahweh will inherit the promised land. He who curses him will perish.
There is great fear of the wicked. God is in the midst of the righteous.
He delivered their livestock to hail, And their flocks to lightning.
It happened in those days, that after two full years his horn came out for the plague, and he died; and his people didn't burn his offerings, as they burned his fathers.
Therefore, beloved, you all have obeyed me when I was with you; but now I am not with you: obey, and be afraid, and tremble, until you have delivered yourself.
He traveled from Babylon on the first day of the first month, and on the fifth day of the same he came to Jerusalem; for the hand of God was kindled on him.
Go, gather together the elders of Israel, and tell them, Yahweh, the God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, has appeared to me, saying, Most assuredly I have listened to you; and I have seen what they have done to you in Egypt.
But he who hates his brother or his sister lives in darkness. He lives in darkness, and doesn't know his fortunes, because the darkness has blinded his eyes.
These are the boards of the tent of meeting, the bars of it, its pillars, its troughs, all its vessels, and all its service:
Therefore the first priests, and all those who went in to the house of Ashdod, didn't tread the first stumbling block until this day.
I give you my full attention, lest my labor in the midst of you fail.
This is Yahweh who sat on my throne, Who has subdued me by the peoples.
He said, If you will listen diligently to the voice of Yahweh your God, and to do that which is right in the eyes of Yahweh, and listen diligently to his commandments, and to keep all his statutes, then you shall not find my affliction which I have caused to happen to the Egyptians; for I am Yahweh who heals you.
He made the altar of burnt offering of acacia wood. Its length was five cubits, and its breadth five cubits; and the height of it was three cubits.
Thus says Yahweh: As I have brought this great evil on this people, so will I bring on them all the good that I have promised them.
I shall die in this land, and I shall not pass over the Jordan; but you shall pass over to the good land.
Pharaoh said, I will let you go, and sacrifice to Yahweh your God in the wilderness; but don't go far; but pray to me.
These are the statutes and the ordinances, which Yahweh, the God of your fathers, gives you to walk in all your days in the land which Yahweh your father gives you to possess it:
Their kings and their princes shall go into captivity together, says Yahweh.
Job answered,
The wicked shall be brought to Sheol. The nations that don't remember God shall do the same.
For Yahweh your God is with you, and he will fight for you against your enemies, and will save you.
But you shall not build a house; but the son of your seed shall build a house for my name.'
The wind came out of Yahweh, and blew the sand from the sea, and fell on the edge of the camp about a day's journey, and on the edge of the camp about a day's journey; and all the campers died round about, and you were about two cubits away.
Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, to build him a house, with cedar wood, and with dust and water.
Yahweh is my light and my salvation. Who am I afraid of? Yahweh is the strength of my life. Who am I afraid of?
You shall eat no blood; so shall you do that which is right in the eyes of Yahweh; and you shall be blessed, you, and your seed after you.
Beloved, don't believe any spirit. Test him, that he is not of God, for many false prophets have appeared on this earth.
The cloud arose out of the tent, and behold, Milam was leprous as snow. Aaron saw Milam, and behold, he was leprous.
Cry aloud, you shepherds! Lay your hands on the head of the flock! For the day of your slain and of your dispersed is come. You will fall like a man's kneading.
For I say this, every man has his own interpretation, and he says, I am Paul's; and he says, I am Apollos'; and he says, I am Peter's, and he says, I am Christ's.
For Yahweh is he who made the heavens, and he is God, who sits on the earth and works them out, and strengthens them; he is not vanity, but he has made them to dwell in. Thus says he, I am Yahweh, and there is none else.
If they are ashamed of all that they have done, you shall write before their eyes all the plagues of this house, and its appearance, and its outward place, and its outward place, and its outward appearance, and its outward appearance, and its outward appearance, and its outward appearance, and its outward appearance; that they may do according to all their plagues, and according to all their outward appearance.
So they took every man his censer, and put fire in it, and put the censer on it; and Moses and Aaron stood at the door of the Tent of Meeting.
They have given me a savior, I and your spirit. Honor such a man.
Woe to you! For you are a tomb to the prophets who were slain for your fathers!
Therefore I tell you, don't wait for your life to eat and to drink, or for your body to put on anything. Isn't your life more precious than food? Isn't your body more precious than clothing?
There shall be on the earth a nation like your people Israel, whom Yahweh has redeemed to be his people, to give you a name exceeding great and mighty; for you have driven out your people from before your people, whom you have redeemed to come out of Egypt.
David said to Solomon his son, Be strong and of good courage; don't be afraid, neither be dismayed; for Yahweh God, my God, is with you; he will not leave you, nor forsake you, until all the work of the house of Yahweh be accomplished.
Many of the multitude prophesied about him, saying, He is a good man. Others said, No, but he stirs up the multitudes.
I have made Saul king for the sake of his return, because he has turned away from following me, and has not kept my commandments. Samuel prayed to Yahweh all night with a great heart.
The children of Benjamin didn't drive out the Jebusites who lived in Jerusalem: and the Jebusites remained in Jerusalem with the children of Benjamin to this day.
Others tried to deceive him, asking him to do signs out of heaven.
He fell at his feet, and rose up before the sun, and didn't know it. He said, Let no man know that a woman is come to the threshing floor.
Now we know that you know all things, and don't let anyone ask you. For this cause we believe that you are from God.
He said to them, Go and tell the donkey, Behold, today and tomorrow I will cast out demons and worms, until the third day.'
You came down on Mount Sinai, and spoke with them out of the sky, and gave them a righteous law, and a righteous law, and good statutes, and commandments;
Thus shall you tell the prophet, What has Yahweh answered you? What has Yahweh said?
Then the king of Israel called a ruler, and said, Go, call Micaiah the son of Imlah.
From the rising of the sun, and from the going down of the sun, it shall be known that there is none else besides me: I am Yahweh, and there is none else besides me.
All your enemies have opened their mouth to you. They have lifted up their hands, and lifted up their mouth, and said, We will swallow him up. This is the day that we hoped: now we have found it, and we have seen it.
All these things are abominations of poverty and affliction.
He brought Aaron's sons, and Moses sprinkled some of the blood on their right ear, and on the thumb of their right hand, and on the big toe of their right foot: and Moses sprinkled the blood on the altar round about.
They were numbered by their fathers' houses, according to the number of their males: and the number of those who were numbered of them from a month old and upward was six thousand two hundred.
The temple of God opened in heaven, and the temple of God saw the ark of his covenant; and there came down lightning, and a roaring of thunder, and a great snare.
Immediately they looked around, and didn't see any, but Jesus was with them.
For Damascus was the head of Syria, and Rezin the head of Damascus: in sixty-five years Ephraim shall be destroyed, so that it shall not be a nation.
On the seventh day the priest shall examine him; and if it spreads on the skin, the priest shall pronounce him unclean. It is leprosy.
If there be a recompense, they shall stand and judge; and they shall judge according to my judgment; and I shall keep my statutes in all my feasts; and I shall keep my Sabbaths holy.
He returned with his father and his mother to Nazareth, and bore them. His mother wrote all these words in her mind.
We will not have possession with them on the other side of the Jordan any more; for our possession is on this side eastward of the Jordan.
Most assuredly, I love to speak with the Almighty. I love to walk with God.
Yahweh, the God of Israel, how is this done in Israel this day among a tribe?
For when they went into the valley of Eshcol to see the land, they made Israel to burn it, and they didn't want to go into the land which Yahweh gave them.
On the south side, according to their divisions, was the great day of the camp of Reuben: and Elizur the son of Ziduur was prince over the children of Reuben.
But Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem humbled themselves, because they were proud, so that the wrath of Yahweh didn't come on them in the days of Hezekiah.
If the free man pursues after him, they shall not deliver the slain man into his hand; for he has slain his neighbor wrongfully, and doesn't hate him at all.
and it was told me that Saul was dead, and that he had taken him for a good news, and I killed him in Shechem; for I had given him for a news story.
You shall make a covering of fine linen for them, and you shall feed their nakedness: and you shall go from waist to toe.
You have made us a prey among the nations, And made all the peoples to shake their heads at us.
Therefore Solomon sought to kill Jeroboam; and Jeroboam fled to Egypt, and came to Sishak king of Egypt; and he lived in Egypt until Solomon died.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: The time has not yet come for this people to speak concerning the house of Yahweh.
The Moabites were slain there at that time about a thousand men of valor, all of them mighty men of valor. There was not a man who escaped.
Yahweh is my rock, and he is worthy to be praised. He has measured my hand to the battle, To the snares of my teeth.
Son of man, prophesy, and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh concerning the children of Ammon, and concerning their deeds: Thus shall you say, A sword, and a swift sword, have come forth to kill, and to make them like lightning to devour.
Joash slept with his fathers, and was buried with the kings of Israel in Samaria: and Jeroboam his son reigned in his place.
You shall take of every offering a wave offering to Yahweh for a wave offering; and it shall be for the priests who offer the blood of the peace offerings.
The ship traveled many days, and came into the sea of Canaan. Because the wind was strong, we believed in the side of Canaan, and went over from Samonah.
The Gileadites, and all the princes of Gilead, said one to another, Who shall go first against the children of Ammon? The man shall be chief of all Gileadites.
But the men didn't listen to him; and he brought out his young man to them outside; and they fought with him, and made him a reproach all night, and let him go until the morning light.
Peter brought them into the house, and let them stay all night. On the next day Peter went with them, and some of the brothers of Joppa followed him.
It happened on the next day, that Moses entered into the Tent of the Exodus; and behold, the rod of Aaron, the son of Levi, was broken, and bald, and bald, and became bald.
David reigned over Israel forty years; and he reigned seven years in Hebron, and thirty-three years reigned he in Jerusalem.
David inquired of Yahweh; and Yahweh said, Don't put your trust in anyone; but turn your ear toward them, and strike them with your right hand and with your left.
For every sinner who enters into the world dies, and all those who enter into it will die; for all will sin.
For whoever forgets God's servant, his path is the same. He who is ungodly, his hope is gone.
The sky was opened, and many peoples were dead, and their bodies rose up.
I have appointed Aholiab the son of Ahisatbuat, of the tribe of Dan, to be with him: and to every wise heart I have given wisdom in their heart, that they may do all that I command you.
Yahweh said to Joshua, I have taken away this day the reproach of Egypt from you. So the name of that place was Gilgal to this day.
You have opened up my land. My feet haven't trodden.
A man said to my father, You have a son. It makes him glad. Let him be cursed.
Herod was exceedingly angry with Tyre and Sidon. Therefore they gathered themselves together to Herod, and prayed for the river by Balashite, the king's governor; for they were ready from the king's house.
You shall take a rod, and you shall gather the congregation together, you, and Aaron your brother; and before their eyes you shall command the rock to give water; and you shall cause the water to come out of the rock for the people, that the congregation may drink of it, and their livestock.
They arose out of Midian, and came to Balaam; and they brought some men with them out of Balaam to Egypt, to Pharaoh king of Egypt: and Pharaoh gave them a house to dwell in, and gave them food to eat, and gave them land.
A foolish son is sorrow to his father, And there is no joy in the father of fools.
They do the same things. They talk about the things which are done by them.
For you did not do it; for Yahweh our God has rebuked us, because we didn't seek him according to our appointed way.
He made two pillars of brass before the house: their height was thirty-five cubits, and the height of the pillars of every pillar was five cubits.
Samuel said to the potter, Take the pot which I have given you, and bring it out.
Then the old prophet said to him, I am also a prophet, and you are one: and the angel said to me in the word of Yahweh, Bring him with you to your house, that he may eat bread and drink water.' The old prophet deceived him.
But I reprove you, for you have forsaken my love.
My fellow workers, Micah, and Aristarchus, and Tema and Reka, greet you.
On every side of the throne were twenty-six lords, and on every side twenty-six elders, clothed in white, with crowns of gold on their heads.
Yahweh has established the earth with wisdom, And the heavens with understanding.
Then they called to the gatekeepers of the city, and said to them, We are come to the camp of the Syrians, and behold, there is no man there, neither does there be any prophet: only horses, and donkeys, and tents, as it is written.
The Kingdom of Heaven is like a vineyard, where a master goes out to his work in the morning.
They prayed, and said, Lord, you know everyone's heart, show us which of these two is yours.
When I scatter them among the nations, And scatter them among the nations, They shall know that I am Yahweh.
Whatever you do, do it with your whole heart, as you serve the Lord, and not men.
Remember the old things. For I am God, and there is no other. I am God, and there is no other who is like me.
They baked the Passover according to the ordinance; and when they had made an end of serving the sacrifices with a spoon, and with a spoon, and with a spoon, they hurried, and brought them to the people.
When Asa heard these words, and the prophecy of Ogdiat the prophet, he arose, and took away all the abominations out of all Judah, and out of all the cities of the hill country of Ephraim, which he had taken, and built the altar of Yahweh before the door of Yahweh.
Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and the priests of his brothers, and Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and his brothers, rose up, and went up to the altar of the God of Israel, to offer burnt offerings thereon, as Moses the servant of Yahweh had written in the book of the law.
Is Abraham righteous in the moment? Is he circumcised, or is he? Is he circumcised, or is he?
The people mourned for Benjamin; for Yahweh raised up a horn for the tribes of Israel.
The feast of unleavened bread, also called The Passover, is at hand.
It happened, when Jerusalem was in trouble, that the Edomites said, Break it down! Break it down to the foundations! Remember that day, Yahweh.
But this seed has no root, neither does it live; but when it is afflicted and perishes, immediately it is forsaken.
God said, Gather the waters of the heavens together to a place, and they shall appear on the dry land. So it was.
You shall be blessed above all peoples: there shall not one man be born among you, nor one animal be born among you.
When David came to Ziklag, he took the rod out of the sack, and sent it to the elders of Judah his friend, saying, Behold, these have been taken from the enemies of Yahweh for a present to you.
The Philistines gathered themselves together, and encamped in Shunammite; and Saul gathered all Israel together, and encamped in Gilboa.
There were four brass hooks in each one, and four sockets of brass; and the four corners of the basin had snuffers, and they were snuffed under the basin, and on every socket was a lintel.
After you shall raise up another kingdom, and it shall take your kingdom, and after you shall have three kingdoms, brass ones, to rule over the earth.
In the twenty-ninth year that I lived with you, I didn't eat of your sheep nor of your goats, neither did I eat of the sheep of your flock.
He killed the bull, and Moses took the blood, and poured it on the horns that were on the altar round about, and cleansed it; and he poured out the blood on the altar, and sanctified it, and made atonement for it.
Hannah prayed, and said, My heart rejoices in Yahweh, and my knees are lifted up in Yahweh. I speak a great word to my enemies, because I rejoice in your salvation.
(The land was called the land of the Rephaim; and the Rephaim lived therein: and the children of Ammon called them a blessed land.
Therefore consider what you shall hear: for everyone who has, he will be made richer; and whoever doesn't have, he will be taken away who has.
When the house is shut, he who enters in shall be unclean until the evening.
The word of Yahweh came swiftly to Izekel the son of Buz, the priest, in the land of the Chaldeans by the river Chebar: and the hand of Yahweh was on him there.
It happened in the evening, that many demons and demons came to him, and he spoke a word to them, and healed all the sick.
They answered him, The Lord is busy.
The firstborn is angry, and goes in. The father comes out, and afflicts him.
He set the court round about, and set up the screen of the gate of the court.
He said, Thus says Yahweh, Open to you every place in this valley:
The man went, and proclaimed what great things Jesus had done to him in Tecumseh. The multitudes were amazed.
Then Jeroboam came forth out of Jerusalem, and Ahijah the prophet the Shilonite found him in the way; and he was clothed with a new garment. They were both in the field, and there was no man besides them.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Because Moab and Seir have said, Behold, there is nothing contrary between the house of Judah and all the kingdoms of the earth:
Nadab and Abihu served other burnt offerings in the wilderness of Sinai before Yahweh; and they had no children: and Eleazar and Ithamar did the priest's office in the presence of Aaron their father.
Blessed is he who believes in Yahweh, Who doesn't turn to the proud and deceitful.
It happened after a few days, when about one hundred twenty brothers were gathered together, that Peter stood up, and said,
He departed there, and went into his own country. His disciples followed him.
Now I know what to do, and when the time comes, when the rulers will accept me, and I will go into their house.'
What shall I do? I will pray in my heart, and in my soul. I will sing in my heart, and in my soul.
It happened after twelve years, that I went up with Barnabas to Jerusalem, and took Titus with me.
You shall write it on the door posts of your house, and on your posts.
He who strikes him with his fists strikes him with his fists, and he kills him with his fists.
I came near to him, and killed him; for I knew that he would not live until he had fallen; and I took the crown of his head, and the armband of his hand, and brought it to my lord.
Remember the greatness of his works, To whom they sing praises.
Immediately he spoke in the synagogue, saying, He is the Son of God.
For as the rain that comes down from the sky, it doesn't return any more: they have sown the ground, they have broken up the earth into pieces, they have sown it, they have sown it, they have given it food to eat.
I tell you, as it is in heaven, there is more joy for sinners who repent than for tens of thousands who repent, for those who repent.
Your new wine is like a pomegranate, And your milk like a ripe fig.
Behold, a good brother, a good brother, a good brother, a good brother, a good brother.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.
You clothed me with skin and flesh, And strengthened me with bones and roots.
neither build houses for themselves, nor have vineyards, nor fields, nor seed plots,
I am the God of Bethel, where you have anointed the pillars to me. Arise therefore, depart from this place, and return to your own land.'
The king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, Didn't I tell you? Neither did this man prophesy good concerning me, but evil followed him.
But the land of the children of Ammon, and the land by the river Jabbok, and the cities of the hill country, and the land which Yahweh our God commanded us to go, you didn't come near it.
Are you the first born? Or are you the first to be slain on these mountains?
They commanded, saying, Prepare the battle against the city. Arise, and let us go up in the midst of the midst of the midst of the city. Then they said, Woe to the lion! The sun is set, and the horn of the darkness is broken.
When he had lived in his own house for two full years, he received all the people who were coming to him.
But you will go down into Sheol, And into the depths of the pit.
He said, I will give you the land of Canaan, for a portion of your inheritance.
I will leave the poor and needy among you, And they shall trust in the name of Yahweh.
He saw that there were men in the temple feeding the oxen, and the sheep, and the donkeys; and there were men sitting and making money.
When he came to Jerusalem, the chief priests and the scribes and the elders came to him, while he was walking in the temple,
When Jehu had made an end of offering the burnt offering, he said to the guard and to the captains of the army, Go in, and kill them; don't let any of them come out. They killed them with the edge of the sword, and the guard and the captains of the army cast out dead bodies, and went into the city of Baal.
They shall know that I am Yahweh their God, who brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, that I might dwell among them: I am Yahweh their God.
The numbering of the families of the sons of Merari by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
If the fire burns a tree, or a branch that has not yet been cut down, or a field, then he who burns it shall surely be burned.
The oxen were six hundred, and the rams three thousand.
He has not executed the rest of the counsels of wisdom and of justice: he is the city of the Jews, built by the children of Arimathaea, who waits for the Kingdom of God.
The boy sprang up, and weaned himself. Isaac weaned himself in the day that Abraham weaned him.
It shall happen, when the camp is about to go out, that Aaron and his sons shall cover the sanctuary and all the vessels of the sanctuary, and the sons of Kohath shall come and shine: but they shall not touch the holy things, that they not die: all these things are the sons of Kohath that they shall shine in the tent of meeting.
Elijah answered the captain of the army, If I am a man of God, let the fire go down from heaven, and burn you and the fifty men; and let the fire go down from heaven, and burn him and the fifty men.
He shall make himself holy in the days in which he shall make him; he shall not put the sword on his head; until the days in which he shall make himself holy to Yahweh shall be fulfilled; and he shall make his hair long.
The Spirit is still, but I don't see its work. A vision is in my eyes, and I hear a voice, saying,
The men of Dan accompanied them down, and when Micah saw that they were stronger than he, he turned and returned to his house.
Our elders and the inhabitants of our land said to us, Bring them food in your hand, and meet them in the way, and tell them, We are your servants: make now a covenant with us.
When he was with them, he commanded them, saying, Don't depart from Jerusalem, until you have heard the word of the Father, as I spoke to you.
His servants will serve him, And will see his face. His name will be written on their foreheads.
The salt is profitable. If the salt is no more, how shall he restore its salt?
Moses spoke thus to the children of Israel: but they were grieved in heart, and did not listen to Moses because of their affliction.
Then he went and told the man of God, and said, Elisha, Go, anoint yourself, and sacrifice; and you shall live, you and your sons with you.
We stretched out our hands on them all day long. We afflicted them, but we blessed them. We endured those who were persecuted.
I saw the sand which was mixed with fire, and I saw the mighty men, those who escaped from the beast, and from his image, and those who were called by their names: and they stood on the sand which God gave every man in his hand.
I am angry with the wicked who forsake your law, As a fire devours.
Jehoiada made a covenant between himself and the people, and with the king, to be Yahweh's people.
Therefore we rejoice with you in the assembly of God; for in the time of your affliction, in the time of your wrath, there is strength and faith.
Remember his marvelous works, His signs, and the judgments of his mouth.
He brought all that he took, and all that he took, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had,
I said to the king, If the king is pleased, let him send me by decree to the governors beyond the River, that I may pass over to Judah;
Jonathan the son of Saul, and Mephibosheth his son, were kept by the king; for David and Jonathan the son of Saul had sworn by the name of Yahweh before them.
The king sent a horseman to them, saying, The king says thus, Is it peace? Jehu said, Isn't peace with you? turn you after me.
In that day, the people secretly entered into the city, as the people who fled in the wilderness, and were ashamed.
He went forth from the one end of the sky, and sailed to the other end of the sky: and the heat of it was on all things.
Now when they see that you are no more able to live as you were before, they marvel at you, and blaspheme you.
Peter turned and saw his disciples, whom he loved, following them. When he had finished eating, he came to Jesus' breasts, and said, Lord, who is he who will betray you?
When he had finished speaking these words, he departed from Galilee, and went into the land of Judea, which is beyond the Jordan.
The length of the gate was ten cubits; and the breadth of the gate was five cubits on this side, and five cubits on that side: and he measured its length forty cubits, and its breadth twenty cubits.
I was like a Jew from the work of the Jews, that I might receive the Jews to believe in the Lord. Though I am not a man of the law, but of the Lord, that I might make him more righteous, I am like a man of the law.
He said, I will return to him who sent me, knowing that I am no stranger to you.
that I may rebuke myself in the heart of the house of Israel; for they have all come to me for their idols.'
I will walk in the land of the living before Yahweh.
These are the portions which the priest shall give to the people: every man who offers an ox or a sheep for a sacrifice shall give the first and the second tooth to the priest.
I will come near to the city with all the people whom I have sought, and they shall come forth against us as at the first, and we will flee before them.
They cried with a loud voice, and swore by Yahweh with trumpets and with cymbals.
You shall not take vengeance, neither shall you bury the inhabitants of your land; but you shall love your neighbor as yourself: I am Yahweh.
Let us therefore come near to the throne of grace, that we may receive mercy, and that we may receive grace, and that we may help each other at all times.
They cried out, He is dead! He is dead! Pilate said to them, Do you want me to crucify your king? The chief priests answered, We are no king, except Caesar. Pilate delivered Jesus to them for crucifying.
Is there a fountain of water without dust? Or a reed without water?
Yahweh your God has multiplied you; and behold, you are this day as the stars of the sky.
When the battle grew worse and worse, the commanding officer was afraid that Paul would go and break them in pieces, and commanded the soldiers to go down, and took Paul out of the midst of them, and brought him into the camp.
On the six days you may borrow, but on the seventh day it is a Sabbath, and you shall not borrow it that day.
But that the world may know that I have loved the Father, and have done according to the commandment of the Father. Arise, let us go.
He put the law in the ark, and put the mercy seat on the altar, and the mercy seat on the altar.
If you will not listen to our voice, and be circumcised, then we will take our sister.
I will listen to parables with my ears. I will testify by harp and by lyre.
Babylon in those days was a cup of gold in the hand of Yahweh, which was poured out on all the earth; and all the peoples had drunk of it, and all the peoples were drunk.
For his iniquity is redeemed to the heavens, And God remembers the vengeance of his wounds.
Righteousness shall be his waist, And truth his body's waist.
Your two breasts are like a locust in the midst of the lilies, which feed on the locusts.
Yahweh said to me, Take a tablet, and write with a word of wisdom, and go to Mahanath Sheal Hash Baz.
Joseph commanded his father before his ephah, that he should give a sweet savor to his father; and he gave a sweet savor to Israel.
Yahweh said to Moses, Stretch out your hand over the land of Egypt, and raise up the locusts over the land of Egypt, and eat all the herb of the ground, which is not beaten.
As for all the wickedness of this people, they have departed from me, and burnt incense to other gods; and I will declare my judgment against them, and will worship the work of their hands.
When I cry for help, He doesn't allow my prayer to be heard.
When he found him, he said to him, All the people are looking for you.
Even though I am not with you, I am with you in spirit, having sinned in the name of the Lord Jesus,
They said to Aaron, Bring us to you as gods, and bring us first; for he who brought us up out of Egypt didn't know anything.'
Your way is holy, God. What god is like you?
God said to Noah, This is the covenant which I made with all flesh on the earth.
Don't let loving kindness and faithfulness depart from you. Put a ring on your neck, and a ring on your heart.
that all the people may come to you; and he whom you have brought back is like a multitude; so that all the people are in safety.
The captive women of the city, young and old, who didn't die, he carried away captive.
Whether it is from the Jews, or from the Greeks, or from the assembly of God, you shall not be their refuge.
Listen to the prayer of your servant, and of your people Israel, when they pray toward this place: from heaven, and from your dwelling place, hear their prayer; and when you hear it, forgive them.
They didn't go up to Jerusalem to those who were before me to be apostles; but immediately they went up to Arabia, and afterward they returned to Damascus.
Jonathan said to David, I will do for you what your soul desires.
God has made himself a mighty man in his palace.
He made the doors of acacia wood, and overlaid them with gold, the cherubim, and the palm trees, and the flower arrangements; and he overlaid them with gold, and overlaid them with the cherubim, and overlaid them with the palm trees.
He will judge among the nations. He will fill every place with dead bodies. He will break the head of his enemies in many nations.
You shall bring Aaron, and his sons, and their garments, and their fat, and the one bull, and the two rams, and a loaf of unleavened bread.
But if a woman shaves her head in a prayer or in a prophecy, and doesn't put her head on her own head, which is her husband's, then the same is a woman who shaves her head, and the same is a woman who shaves her head.
But we will praise Yahweh from this time forth and forevermore. Praise Yah!
You shall offer it with its meal offering, besides the continual burnt offering, and the meal offering of it: you shall offer it without blemish.
He sings before men, saying, I have sinned, but I have not profited.
Remember this, you who don't remember God's servant, that there is no one who can save you until I have broken you in pieces.
If a man commits a sin that is worthy of death, and is condemned to death, and you hang him on a tree,
Thus says he, The animals shall be a nation on the surface of the earth, and they shall not prevail against any nation; but they shall devour the whole earth, and tread down and torment it.
If your father sees that I am not there, then you shall say, David pleaded with me, that I should let him go to Bethlehem his own city; for there he shall offer an offering of a year's service to all his house.
How long, Lord, will you watch? Deliver my soul from their abominations! Deliver my life from the lions of prey!
But, behold, I wrote a new commandment to you, which is truth to you, both to Christ, and to you; for darkness is passing away, and the light is gone.
The Ninevehites will rise up in the day of judgment with this generation, and will condemn it: for they have heard the rebuke of Jonah, and have repented; and it is better here than in Jonah.
It happened on the next day, that they rose up early, and worshiped before Yahweh; and they returned to Ramah to his house: and Elkanah and Hannah his wife were in the chamber; and Yahweh remembered Hannah.
The heavens, you shall sing with joy. The earth, you shall rejoice. The mountains, you shall sing with song. For Yahweh will comfort his people, And will be merciful to his afflicted.
Yahweh said to him, Go, go down, and rise up with Aaron; but the priests and the people shall not pass over to Yahweh, lest he come out and strike them.
There were also at that time two robbers with Jesus, one on the right hand, and another on the left.
It happened after two days, that he departed from there and went into Galilee.
Why does he take this sweet ointment, and give it to the poor for a three hundred shekels of silver?
Will you still exalt your pride toward my people, And refuse to let them go?
Then I came to Terabibus, to the man of the captivity by the river Chebar, to the place where they lived: and I sat between them seven days, and there I was amazed.
For Jesus knew who would betray him, and he said, You aren't every man clean.
Moses went down into Mount Sinai, and his hand took two arks of sashes: and when he went down into the mountain, his face was set on fire because of the words of Yahweh, which he had spoken with him; and Moses didn't know it.
But that man didn't know that there was a cloud in him; and his companions were in the depths of Sheol.
So it will happen, that not only we will have this inheritance, but also we will have wickedness and deceit, and we will have deceit in the house of Ademi the servant; and all Asia will lose its honor, and the servants of Ademi, whom they worship.
When the Pharisees heard that Jesus was baptizing more than John, they also baptized more.
If the Lord Yahweh doesn't show his servants the prophets who are hidden by his secret, they shall not do them.
Yahweh has delivered them many times, But they have rebelled against him in their counsels; For their iniquity has risen up.
Phinehas the son of Eleazar reigned over them; and Yahweh was with him.
So it was with all the lords: there was a snare on the one side; and his snare was in four horns.
but don't eat its blood. You shall pour it out on the earth, and it shall be mixed with water.
Saul said, Blessed be you by Yahweh, for you have afflicted me.
The man of understanding answered, We are afraid that the fat will not be poured out on you. Behold, God has made you ride on horses.'
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
As a lion cries out for me with his mouth, They will tear me to pieces.
He didn't put forth his hand against the honorable of Israel. When they saw God, they ate and drank.
He who is perverse in his heart is an abomination to Yahweh, But he is glad in all truth.
Yahweh spoke to Gad, David's son-in-law, saying,
Let them praise Yahweh for his loving kindness, For his marvelous works to the children of men.
The third part was for the Zerubbabelites according to their families.
When he had come, he blew the trumpet in the hill country of Ephraim; and the children of Israel followed him down from the hill country: and Ehud went before him.
I cry to you, save me. I will keep your precepts.
The length of the ship was three hundred cubits, and the breadth fifty cubits, and the height thirty cubits.
The ox who strikes a man's son, or his wife's son, shall be punished according to this law.
You have spoken to me, and Yahweh has heard the voice of your words. Yahweh has said to me, I have heard the voice of this people, which they have spoken to you. Their words are good.
If he is slain with me, and kills me, then we will be your bondservant; but if I prevail against him, and kill him, then you shall be our bondservant, and serve us.
This hope will not fail us, for God has poured out his Spirit on us, and has broken our hearts.
I will pray to you, Yahweh. In the morning, my prayer will come before you.
Son of man, hear the word that I speak to you, and don't rebel, as the rebellious house did: open your mouth, and eat the bread which I have given you.
It happened, when the children of Israel were in the wilderness, that one of them gathered wood on the Sabbath day.
Did God say to a angel, The Lord is on my right hand, until I have subdued your enemies under your feet?
They came to wage a war, and their faces roared, and they gathered together the captivity, as the sand.
He came to worship at Jerusalem, to return; and he sat in the chariot reading the book of Isaiah the prophet.
If it be the remnant of you, I will cause them to be a terror and an astonishment in the land of their enemies; and they shall pursue after them with the sound of the wind, and they shall flee, as they flee away from the sword; and there shall be none to pursue them, and he shall fall.
He did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, and didn't depart from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, with which he made Israel to sin.
But if you stretch out your hand on him, and touch all that he has, he shall surely fall away before you.
and he took the kingdom from the house of David, and gave it to you: but you didn't walk in my commandments, as David my servant did, and followed me with all your heart, and did that which was right in my eyes.
You shall see the decay of my house, when God blesses the children of Israel; and there shall be no old man in your house forever.
The king of Samaria will perish like a cloud.
There were two women in the basket, and they said, Give me, give me. They had three things that they couldn't fulfill. It is not enough for them.
He arose, and went to Zarephath. When he came to the gate of the city, behold, a widow was gathering wood in the place. Elijah called to her, and said, Please give me a little water in your pitcher, and I will drink it.
They shall keep all the vessels of the tabernacle, and shall keep the charge of the children of Israel, to do the business of the tabernacle.
Amaziah returned from the slaughter of Edom; and he took the gods of the children of Seir, and made them his gods; and he worshiped before him, and burnt incense to him.
I desire with my whole heart to know wisdom, and to know foolishness and folly; and afterward I know that this also is a chasing after wind.
Have you forsaken us, God? Will you not go out with our armies?
Micah said to him, Where have you come from? He said to him, I am a Levite of Bethlehem Judah, and will seek a place to dwell.
Jeshua, and Beni, and Katmiel, and Shebaniah, and Beni, and Sherebiah, and Beni, and Kenai, stood on the top of the tower of the Levites, and cried with a loud voice to Yahweh their God.
These are the words of Yahweh, which he spoke to Moses and to the children of Israel in the land of Moab, besides the covenant which he made with them in Horeb.
When it was trodden outside of the city, blood came out of the cistern, and two measures of the covenant were taken, and about three hundred measures of justice.
Yahweh spoke to Joshua, saying,
He came with his disciples to a place called Gitmunneh. Jesus said to his disciples, Wait here for me, and I will go and pray.
The king made men of the house of Yahweh, and of the king's house, of cedar; and he made for the singers harps and psalteries: and there was nothing like it in the land of Judah before.
Zedekiah said to Jeremiah, Don't let anyone know these words, and you won't die.
Bring forth your light and your truth, and lead me, and bring me to your holy mountain, and to your tent.
He has revealed mighty works to his people. He has given them the inheritance of the nations.
It happened in the third year of Cyrus king of Persia, that something was given to Daniel, whose name was Belteshazzar: and the thing was true, and great war was declared; and Daniel understood the vision.
God will destroy you forever. He will take you, and set you out of the tents, and cast you out of the land of the living. Selah.
We encamped on the south of Chereth, and on the land of Judah, and on the south of the land of Caleb; and we burned Ziklag with fire.
Don't speak of the terrors of this people. Don't be afraid of the terrors of this people. Don't be dismayed.
God is one who doesn't die, who dwells in a light that can't be seen; and no one has seen him, nor seen him: honor and everlasting dominion be on him. Amen.
I will bring the pestilence and the blood into the streets of Sidon; and the wounded shall fall in the midst of it; and the sword shall be against it round about; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Those who hate Yahweh will turn to him, But they will be punished forever.
Hear my voice, God, when I cry. Protect my life from the adversary.
When he heard it, he saw him alone. They held their peace, and didn't tell anyone what they saw.
and his offering was a silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, and one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
according to the service of the priests according to the law, but as the tent of meeting in heaven, and as the tent of meeting, so will God testify against Moses, saying, Be careful that you do all that I testify against you on the mountain.
Those who don't listen to the prophets shall be consumed out of the people.
Yahweh said to Moses, I will also do that which you have spoken; for you have found favor in my sight, and I have called you by my name.
But Jesus, dismayed, said to him, Go to your house, and take your relatives, and let the Lord show them all the great things that you have done.
You shall set up for yourselves, house of Israel, and stand on the pillars of the court: and you shall look toward you, even toward the way that you go; and you shall return, and return to your cities.
A merciful man gains his life, But a cruel man destroys his body.
The men of his city, the elders and the princes who lived in the city, did according to the word of Jezebel, which he wrote in their letters.
But if you know that it is written, I desire mercy, and not sacrifice,' you will not commit sin to him who has no sin.
Who has declared this to us from the beginning? Who has declared it from the beginning, that we may say, He doesn't take?' But he hasn't said it, nor set it in order, neither has anyone heard it.
It happened on one of those days, as he was sitting in Bethany, in the house of Simon the leper,
When they were glad, but didn't believe, and were still marveling, Jesus said to them, What can you eat here?
All the peoples of the peoples, glorify Yahweh, glorify Yahweh.
He said to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Go, bless him who sent you to me, saying,
Behold, a poor widow cast two brass spoons into the ground.
Yahweh said to me, Take again the foolish shepherds' vessels,
He stretched out his hand against his fellow, And rebelled against the covenant that he had made.
Joshua sent messengers from Jericho eastward to the city of Ai in Bethel, which is by Beth Aven; and he said to them, Go and see the land. They went and saw the city of Ai.
I wanted to know this word, but I was troubled.
He said to them, Go and pray, that he may be able to cast him out.
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came against him, and bound him with brass, to bring him to Babylon.
In that day, says Yahweh, I will gather the lame, I will gather those who are driven out, and those whom I have afflicted.
I know how to live as a widow, and how to live as a widow: whether it is bread or wine, whether it is thirsty or hungry, whether it is a burden or a burden, my recompense is a full recompense.
I heard my heart tremble, and for the sound of it my lips trembled, and my bones were broken; and I trembled in my place: but I waited patiently for the day of calamity to come, and for the remnant of the land to come.
It happened after a long time, that he came from Nazareth in Galilee, and was baptized by John in the Jordan.
When the prisoner arose, and saw that the prison was shut, and that all the prisoners had fled, he drew his sword, and sat.
The word of Yahweh came to me in the eleventh year, on the first day of the month, saying,
I will pour out my cup far off, And will lodge in the wilderness. Selah.
He will deliver us out of the hand of our enemies, And out of all those who hate us;
So Samuel brought all the tribes of Israel near, and took the tribe of Benjamin.
They shall be destroyed forever. You have destroyed their cities. No one will remember them any more.
Why has Ahab humbled himself before me? have you seen it? for he humbled himself before me; therefore will I not bring this evil on him in the day of his life, but this evil on his house in the day of his son.
Why is Yahweh broken down? Why is the praise of the Father broken up? Why is Babylon a desolation among the nations?
In his right hand there was a swarm of flies that went up to Jerusalem: and they threw the ram, and cried out with their mouth, and cried, and cried, and threw the ram against the gate, and built a tower of dust.
Martha said to him, Lord, if you are here, our brother will not die.
The seventh angel sounded, and a loud voice came out of the heavens, saying, The kingdom of the world is our God and the Kingdom of his Christ, and he will reign over all generations.
Of the children of Dan, their generations, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
The farmers were confounded, and covered their heads: for there was no rain, and the ground was cut down.
In the seventh month, in the tenth day of the month, you shall blow a trumpet with a loud voice: in the day of iniquity you shall blow a trumpet throughout all the land.
Then the brooks of water dried up, because there was no water therein.
If you ask for understanding, If you cry for understanding with a loud voice;
When they had chosen a new god, the battle was at the gate of their city: and Israel was a nation of many men: and when did they see shields and spears?
Yahweh said to Gideon, I will save you with the three hundred men who have sinned, and will deliver Midian into your hand; and all the people shall return to their place.
It happened in those two years, that all those who lived in Asia, Jews and Greeks alike, heard the word of the Lord.
He said to him, Go in peace, and let the God of Israel do what you have asked of him.
When he saw that there was no man round about, he struck the Egyptian, and buried him in the desert.
Therefore, brothers, we will be comforted by your faith in all our affliction and in all our troubles.
One of the multitude cried out, Teacher, see my son, he is my son.
that the name of our Lord Jesus may be glorified in you, and you may be glorified in him. This is the grace of our God and Lord Jesus Christ.
The hand of Yahweh will be on this mountain; and the Moabites in the land where they dwell will be trodden down like grass in the pool of water.
Haven't I commanded you? be strong and of good courage, don't be afraid, neither be dismayed; for wherever you go, Yahweh your God will be with you.
It happened on that day, that Deborah sang with Barak the son of Abiram:
Whoever touches any of its parts shall be unclean until the evening; and he who takes it shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the evening.
Though you didn't see him, yet you loved him. Though you didn't see him, yet you believed him. You have been filled with ungodliness,
I will have three horns on the rock like a prostitute.
The righteous men who searched the land of Laish said to their brothers, Do you know that the houses have the priests and the engraved images of the houses, and the engraved images and the molten images? Now therefore think about what you shall do.
I saw under the sun a great evil, that he should continually take his riches, and harm himself.
Out of his mouth comes forth a firebrand, And a flashing star.
He sent a man before them, Joseph, who was not able to go as a bondservant.
Don't wait for the night, when the people are consumed in their place.
and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: A great eagle, and a great eagle, and a young eagle, and a hyssop, and a dove, and a cup in Lebanon, and a branch of cedar;
But it is not Adam who is deceived, but a woman who is mocked and sinned.
They said, We know him. They said to him, Is he well? He said, Well. Behold, Rachel, his daughter, is with the flock.
It is a day of wrath, a day of affliction and distress, a day of destruction and desolation, a day of darkness and of darkness, a day of cloud and of darkness;
Go up to Gilead, you people of Egypt, and take frankincense: you shall not be able to recover it with much weight.
The destruction shall come to every city, and none shall be spared; and the valley shall be desolate, and the plain shall be destroyed, according to the word of Yahweh.
It happened after three years, that the two servants of Shimei fled to Achish the son of Maacah king of Gath: and they said to Shimei, Behold, your servant is in Gath.
For a man's exhortation is not from the east, nor from the west, nor from the south.
David rejoiced, and said, Who will give me water for the springs of Bethlehem, which are by the gate?
It happened in the forty-ninth year, that angels appeared to Moses in the wilderness of Mount Sinai in the midst of the fir tree.
He was sixteen years old when he began to reign; and he reigned fifty-two years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Jechariah of Jerusalem.
You shall offer an offering made by fire for a burnt offering to Yahweh: two bulls, one ram, seven male lambs a year old without blemish;
Don't you know that your body is the body of Christ? Shouldn't I make the body of Christ into a prostitute? Certainly not.
Menemahiah struck Tehosat, and all who were with him, and all that was round about him, from Tirzah; for they didn't open the gate of it: therefore they struck him, and broke open all the new women who were in the midst of them.
For there are two or three men in all the earth who have gathered together in my name, and I will be with them.
So they called the days of Purim the days of Purim: for all the words of this letter, and for all that their eyes saw and heard in this matter,
It happened in the fourteenth year of king Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, in the fifth month, on the seventh day of the month, that Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard of the king of Babylon came to Jerusalem;
He took the twelve, and said to them, Behold, we are going up to Jerusalem, and all that the prophets have said concerning the Son of Man is fulfilled.
David feared Yahweh that day, saying, The ark of Yahweh shall come to my place.
His bones are like brass, And his bones like iron.
When Elisha the man of God heard that the king of Israel had torn his clothes, he sent to the king, saying, Why have you torn your clothes? let the man come to me, and he shall know that there is a prophet in Israel.
He destroyed the pillars, and took the Asherim, and filled them with bones.
The birds of the sky, and the fish of the sea, and all the living creatures of the sea, were his.
From the days of John the Baptizer even to this day, the Kingdom of Heaven is a mighty enemy, and those who are mighty are taken with vengeance.
He went to Ophrah to his father's house, and killed all the sons of Jeroboam, his brothers, seventy men, on a rock: but Jotham the youngest son of Jeroboam remained, because he had fled.
The heart of the Holy One will understand knowledge. He who speaks from the tongue will speak and understand.
God has revealed the prophets, that they may know that their service is not for themselves, but for you. Now the Spirit, which is sent out of heaven, has spoken to you through the angels of the Good News, and the angels wait eagerly for it.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
I have not sought the money of a man, nor the garments of it;
The glory of Yahweh went up out of the city, and he lodged on the mountains that were beyond the city eastward.
The mouth of the righteous stirs up many, But fools die for lack of understanding.
The women said to Naomi, Blessed be Yahweh, for he has not forsaken you this day, so that you have no relatives. Let this child be a hero among the children of Israel.
Their heart is like oil, But I love your law.
God will not take away his wrath. He has made Rahab to lie down under him.
As the valley of the scattering, As the field by the river, As the cedars of Yahweh, As the cedars of the waters.
He came again, and saw them sleeping, because their eyes were dry. They didn't know what to say to him.
The light was in darkness, but the darkness received the light.
Therefore I apologise to you in the name of the Lord, and don't repeat that which is done to the Gentiles, which is vanity and a desolation,
Out of the tribe of Dan he gave Jericho with its suburbs, Gibbethon with its suburbs,
He sat down, and called for him. When he came to him, Jesus said to him,
For you say, Where is the king's house? Where is the habitation of the wicked?
The sucklings will be fed with milk, And the sucklings with frankincense: So the wrath of one who stirs up wrath will be burnt up.
The natives and the foreigners are one in the midst of you. They walk in the same way.
Moses said to Yahweh, So the Egyptians shall hear; for you have brought this people up out of the midst of them with your power.
It happened, when Ishmael his son was circumcised, that he was thirteen years old.
When they heard that he was raised, and that he was seen by Mary, they also believed.
In the midst of the nations he speaks of his glory. In the midst of the peoples he speaks of his marvelous works.
Then Uzziah was angry, and took a censer in his hand to burn incense: and when he was angry with the priest, before the priests who were by the altar of incense in the house of Yahweh, his head was swollen with leprosy.
Malachi burned on his head, and tore the green clothing that he had put on, and walked on his head with his hand, and went on and on.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
You shall not touch him with your hand, but you shall stone him with stones, or stone him with a stone: neither man nor animal shall touch him, and he shall not live: but when the sound of the trumpet is heard, they shall go up to the top of the hill.
In the twenty-ninth year of the reign of Jeroboam king of Israel began Asa to reign over Judah.
and set him on the high places of the earth, and ate the fruit of the field; and made him to drink wine from the rock, and oil from the fire;
The lord said to his servant, Get out of the way, and get by the lanes, and entice men in, that my house may be full.
Blessed is he who is grieved for sin, For they will be comforted by God.
For I will pray for you well for the house of Yahweh our God.
For if it is done right, you will receive a good name, and will be able to speak the word of Christ Jesus.
They have ears, but they don't hear. They have ears, but they don't hear.
When they came into Samaria, Elisha said, Open, Yahweh, the eyes of these men, that they may see. Yahweh opened their eyes, and they saw, and didn't count them, that they were dead in the city of Samaria.
Absalom fled. The watchman's young men lifted up their eyes, and saw, and behold, a great multitude came from behind him, from the way of the mountain.
Behold, I will make you a new vessel for the grain, and it shall be built; and you shall strike the mountains to the ends of the earth, and shall make the mountains a desolation.
The altar for the burnt offering shall be a table of stone, four cubits long, and four cubits broad, and a cubit high: and on it shall be the burnt offering, and the vessels for the burnt offering.
The law of the children of Israel is according to the priesthood of the Levites: if any man be perfected by this priesthood, he shall not make any more a priest to be ordained, other than Melchizedek, as Aaron has ordained.
As he sat on the throne of frankincense, he saw all the people casting away money, and many rich people casting away money.
There shall be no man in his place forever and ever. The Arabians shall not set tents there, neither shall the shepherds cause the flocks to fall there.
You shall not take the life of the man who kills him because of iniquity, but shall surely put it to death.
For the house of my God have I been strong, and have prepared silver for silver vessels, and brass for brass vessels, and iron for iron vessels, and wood for wood vessels; and a horseshoe, and precious stones, and precious stones, and stones of all kinds, and stones of all kinds.
Ahaziah was forty-two years old when he began to reign; and he reigned one year in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Athaliah the daughter of Omri.
He said to them, Behold, fear of Yahweh is wisdom, But escaping from evil is understanding.
He is a whirlwind and a whirlwind; he doesn't know anything; he stirs up wrath on you, and on the burnt offering.
He spoke to the locusts, from the cedars of Lebanon to the oxen that rose up on the wall; and to the animals, and to the birds, and to the creeping things, and to the peoples.
A wise man searches knowledge with his whole heart, But the mouth of fools delights in foolishness.
He gave to the king one hundred talents of gold, and many spices, and precious stones. The spices which he gave to the king had not been as the spices which Sheba gave to Solomon.
If your brother goes into poverty, and dwells with you, and doesn't give himself to you, let him not serve you as a servant.
You shall bring no gold, nor silver, nor brass, into your yoke.
Yahweh's works are great. All that he does shall be gladly done.
So you will be our glory in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ, and we will be your glory.
When Joab saw that they had set the battle in array before him, he chose the army out of all the army of Israel, and set them in array against the Syrians.
Those who were round about him begged him that he would depart from them, because they were afraid. He sailed back.
I spoke to the priests and to all the people of the land, saying, Thus says Yahweh, Don't listen to the prophecies of the prophets which they prophesy to you: for they say, Behold, the vessels of the house of Yahweh shall not return from Babylon; but they prophesy falsely to you.
I, Yahweh, have called on you in righteousness, to take hold of your hand, and to keep you, that you may be a shield between you and the people, a light to the nations;
Now I tell you, don't form men, and let them go; for whatever they devise, and what they do, shall fail.
Put away the wicked from before the king, And his kingdom shall be established in righteousness.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and serve him; and you shall be with him, and swear by his name.
If I am afraid of the multitude, Or of the divisions of the fathers' houses, So that I will not go out alone;
For the Romans didn't receive, nor keep, the ordinances of the law.
It happened on the next day, that the Philistines came to the slain men, and found Saul and his three sons dead on Mount Gilboa.
He who was clothed in his garment was full of bread and blood. His name was The land of God.
Then the palms of the king's hands were opened, and the writing was written on the king's desk, and on the lampstand; and the king saw the writing on the palms of his hands.
You shall remember that you were bondservants in the land of Egypt: therefore I command you to do so.
If you will listen to the voice of Yahweh your God, The blessings of this blessing shall come on you, and shall be on you:
that you may be filled with the fullness of the love of Christ, which is in him who raised up the knowledge of the world.
On this side were the faces of man, and their faces toward the right hand; and on that side the faces of lions, and their faces toward the left: so was the house round about.
If your people go forth into the battle against their enemy, in which you have sent them, toward the city which you have chosen, and toward the house which I have built for your name, to pray to you;
The Jews sought Jesus in the midst of the feast, and said to him, Where is this man?
Behold, the word of our Lord is a sign of salvation, which Paul, our beloved brother, spoke in the wisdom of God, when he wrote to you.
He made the ten brass in such a way, which was according to their names, their patterns, their patterns, and their appearance.
Yahweh will reign over the whole earth. Yahweh will be known in that day. His name will be known in that day.
He is not the God of the dead, but of the living, for everyone lives for the Lord.
Leah conceived, and bore a son. She named him Reuben, because he said, Yahweh has seen my affliction. Now my husband loves me.
Many of my brothers are more confident in the Lord, and more confident in the word of God, because of my imprisonment.
For they plotted against you to harm you, But they didn't succeed.
The offering is for a man to open his mouth, And to bring him before a great man.
I will offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving to you. I will call on the name of Yahweh.
Trust in a strong faith, and be strong against him; for you know the affliction of the sisters of the whole world.
So all the elders of Israel came to the king to Hebron: and David made a covenant with them in Hebron before Yahweh: and they anointed David, and made him king over Israel, as Yahweh had spoken by Samuel.
When you saw Nahash the king of the children of Ammon coming against you, he said to me, No, but we have determined to have a king over us; and Yahweh your God is your king.
Most assuredly I tell you, there will be famine in the days of Elijah three years, and great famine in all the land; and there will be many in Israel at that time.
Joseph brought Jacob his father in, and stood before Pharaoh: and Jacob blessed Pharaoh.
I will bless those who bless you. I will punish those who curse you. In you all the peoples of the earth will be blessed.
Isn't it you who eat and you who drink, that you don't eat and you drink?
then shall your heart be lifted up before Yahweh; for you have heard the words of his mouth against this place, and against the inhabitants of it; and you shall lift up your soul before me, and you shall weep before me, and I have heard your words, says Yahweh.
So you yourselves have established that you are the seed of the children of those who have been slain by the prophets.
You have covered my feet with your knees. You have shown me all my ways. You have commanded my steps.
When they had entered into the city, they drew near, and heard them, Peter, John, James, Antoleh, Philip, Thomas, Bartholomew, Mattai, James the son of Arphaius, Simon the son of Seloth, and Judas the son of Jacob.
My God, I will sing praises to you on the altar. I will sing praises to your faithfulness. I will sing praises to you on the altar of the Holy One of Israel.
They said to him, You are the disciple of the man, and we are Moses' disciple.
He said, Blessed be I. You have set me in the land of the South. Give me the springs of water. He gave him the springs of water, and the springs of water.
Sarah was afraid, and confessed, and said, I have no hand. The man said, Yes, you have no hand.
Then the children of Benjamin came, and the children of Israel gave them the young lady of Jabesh Gilead, whom he had left to live; but they didn't have enough.
For I appoint a Lord for those who suffer for the Lord's sake, that you should appoint a Lord.
Jehoshaphat the son of Asa reigned in his place; and he was strong against Israel.
But he who confesses these things confesses not the Spirit of God, but the Spirit of the adversaries of Christ. You have heard that the Spirit is coming, and it is now coming on the earth.
He touched his hand, and immediately the sun was setting, and he arose, and waited for him.
The head of the beast is like a death, and his death shall be healed. All the people of the world marveled, and followed the beast.
He made the doors of the priest's office, and the great doors, and the doors of the court, and he overlaid them with brass.
The waters poured forth on the earth forty days; and the waters lifted up the roof, and covered the ark with vines, and the ark was on the earth.
and if you seek understanding as money, and seek understanding as hidden treasures;
The elders of his city shall call him, and tell him, If he remembers, saying, I will not seek him,'
When they were baptized, he also came to be baptized. When he prayed, the heaven opened to him.
and Ain with its suburbs, and Utha with its suburbs, and Beth Shemesh with its suburbs; four cities in all: they gave them out of these two tribes.
They also, two of the convicts, were taken, and put to death with him.
He who devises evil devises evil.
Laban and Bethuel answered, It is Yahweh's, and we can't speak to you good or bad.
So now I live, not as I am, but Christ in me, living in faith; and now I live, and Christ loves me, and has forsaken my life.
(For the half-tribe of the assembly were thirty-three thousand seven thousand five hundred sheep;
Jehoash king of Israel took Amaziah king of Judah, the son of Jehoash the son of Jehoash, in Beth Shemesh, and brought him to Jerusalem; and he broke down the wall of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim to the corner gate, four hundred cubits.
Isn't it written, The Christ is the seed of David, who came out of Bethlehem, the city of David?'
As Yahweh destroyed the nations before you, so will you be destroyed; because you didn't listen to the voice of Yahweh your God.
Rejoice in the Lord continually. Yes, I say again, rejoice!
For if a tree is cut down, there is hope, and it fails, and the branches of it aren't cut off.
He saves others, but he can't save himself. Now he reigns over Israel. Come down from the cross, and we will believe.
All that he touches that he has an odious spirit shall be unclean from his bed. All that he does shall be unclean from his work.
It happened in the ninth year, when the kings were gone out, that David sent Joab, and his servants, and all Israel: and they killed the children of Ammon, and overthrew Rabbah: and David lived in Jerusalem.
Hezekiah turned his face to the right hand, and prayed to Yahweh, saying,
When I come to you, don't chastise me for you; for I will surely chastise those who do the things which are written in the book of the testimony.
We cries like a harp, And call like a robber. We hope for justice, but they don't find it. We hope for salvation, but they are far from us.
Grace to us, mercy, and peace, from God our Father and his Son Jesus Christ, that we may live full of truth and love.
I command you, daughters of Jerusalem, the rams and the ravens of the field: Don't let him be wet, neither let him be afraid of my desire, until he has made an end.
The silver that was found in the house of Yahweh was poured out, and delivered into the hand of the laborer and of the laborer.
He went out again in the morning, and saw a man standing on a great path,
For the king's ships went with the servants of Hiram to Tarshish; and the ships of Tarshish carried gold, and silver, and jewels, and armor, and vessels, three years, and returned.
It happened, when Joshua was dead, that the children of Israel inquired of Yahweh, saying, Who shall go up first against us against the Canaanites, who fight against us?
There was a lame man at Lystra, who sat at all times on his knees, and could not walk.
He tore the tower of Penuel, and killed the men of the city.
I will show him my footstool. I will come to him as a king.
because they have persecuted you with a bribe in the matter of Bohol, and in the matter of Cozpah the daughter of Midian, their sister, with a bribe; and this Cozpah has persuaded you with a bribe in the day of pestilence, because the matter of Bohol has been uncovered.
When he had been slain, many witnesses showed him that he was alive. In forty days he appeared to the disciples, and spoke to them about the Kingdom of God.
If she said, I am not a vision, therefore I am not a body,' she would not be a body, because of this.
He came near, and gave them bread, and fish, as he gave them.
Joram said, Take a chariot; and he took it: and Joram king of Israel and Ahaziah king of Judah went out, every man with his chariot, and went out to take Jehu, and found him in the field of Naboth the Jezreelite.
They cast out many arks, and anointed many sick people, and healed them.
For he saw that Christ was more reproachful than the riches of Egypt, For he looked for the reward to come.
For I don't want to repeat the things that were done to you, except that Jesus Christ was crucified with him, and he was crucified with him.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Will your heart be strong in the day that I visit you? Will your hand be strong? Thus shall you do, says Yahweh.
He had two wives: the name of the one was Hannah, and the name of the other Peninnah. Peninnah had sons and daughters, but Hannah had no sons and daughters.
Then he commanded the children of Benjamin, saying, Go, hide yourselves among the vines:
Adonijah said to him, Come in, for you are a liar. You will surely be rewarded for your good deeds.
They gathered themselves together in the temple day by day with one accord, and proclaimed the feast of the Sabbaths, eating and drinking with a joyful heart, and praising God,
They answered him, Our fathers are Abraham. Jesus said to them, If you are Abraham's seed, you will do that which Abraham did.
I tell you that the camel is more abundantly than the rich in the Kingdom of Heaven.
If you offer an offering made by fire for a meal offering, you shall offer unleavened bread of fine flour, fine flour mixed with oil, and unleavened cakes of oil mixed with oil.
He sent also the young men of Israel to offer burnt offerings, and to offer peace offerings to Yahweh with oxen.
The ox went on his way toward Beth Shemesh, and went on his way, and went on his way, and roared; he didn't turn to the right hand nor to the left: and the princes of the Philistines came after them to the border of Beth Shemesh.
Then Adoni-Zedek king of Jerusalem heard that Joshua had taken away the city of Ai, and had destroyed it utterly, as he had done to the city of Ai and to the king of it, as he did to Jericho and to the king of it: and he heard that the inhabitants of Gibeon had made a covenant with the children of Israel, and lived among them;
All the land of Egypt shall be before you; and you shall cause your father and your brothers to dwell in the most pleasant place of the land; and they shall dwell in the land of Goshen: and if you know that there are among them more perverse men, then you shall cause them to rule over my livestock.
Remember them, my God, for they have broken the covenant of the priests, the priests the Levites, for their priesthood is defiled.
You will be hated by all men because of me.
I will set apart my people and your people; and this sign shall be in the morning.'
Touch your tongue, and don't speak evil. Touch your lips, and don't speak deceitful words.
But the Levites, who bear the ephah of the priesthood, even as all Israel are Abraham's sons, even as brothers, they shall be commanded by law to gather the tenth part of their portion out of the people, according to the law.
Then Judah was his sanctuary, And Israel his kingdom.
Jesus saw two ships sailing by the sea, and they departed from the ship, and were bathing.
Whether you go into a city, or into a sanctuary, you shall hear who among you will beg you, and go in there, and dwell there, until you are far off.
Oh that you would remember the prayer and the supplication of your servant, Yahweh my God, and would listen to the cry of your servant before you this day.
You sons of mighty men, give glory and strength to Yahweh, and to Yahweh.
You bought me neither silver nor oil of sacrifice, but labored with my iniquity, and wept with my iniquity.
Judas Iscariot, the son of Jacob, and Judas Iscariot, who betrayed Jesus.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who enters into the service in the Tent of Meeting shall number himself.
I will establish him in my house and in my kingdom forever; and his throne shall be established forever.
It happened, while he was still alive, that a lion came near by the way. When the lion came, he ate the seed.
Yahweh said to Joshua, Don't be afraid of them; for I have delivered them into your hand, and there shall not stand before you a man with them.
and all the sheep and the oxen, and the animals of the field,
Son of man, prophesy for it, and tell Gog, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Don't you know the day of rest for my people Israel?
From the River even to the land of the Philistines, even to all the kingdoms that were beyond the border of Egypt, Solomon overthrew them: and in the days of Solomon's life they stood up and served him.
The wounds of a friend are good, But the kisses of a enemy are treacherous.
The idol will be utterly destroyed.
He said to them, What are you talking about with them?
Don't forsake me, Yahweh. Don't be far from me, my God.
Jesus answered them, You think that you don't know. You don't know the power of God.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: In the first month, on the first day of the month, take uncircumcised bulls, and purify the sanctuary.
Zedekiah the king commanded to put Jeremiah in the court of the guard, and to give him a bribe day by day from the house of bread, until there was no bribe in the city. Jeremiah remained in the court of the guard.
The king said to all his people, Behold, this people Israel is greater and mightier than we.
Then they poured out their sacks, so that they couldn't see every man's wealth in his sack; and when they saw their wealth, they were afraid, they and their fathers.
For you didn't circumcise the need of the saints, but multiplied the thanksgiving of God to many.
You shall dwell in one house wherever you go in, and you shall go out from there.
We are God's. He who knows God hears us, and he who doesn't know God doesn't listen to us. So we can discern between the Spirit of truth and the Spirit of righteousness.
He freed those who were afraid of death, and became bondsersers all the days of their life.
Let the king plead the cause of the afflicted, Save the poor, And lead the oppressed away.
You shall take a small portion of the treasury of it, and leave it on the earth, and you shall not shout against it.
He said, Tailored garments are for the bridegroom.
His affliction is like light. Out of his hand shines forth light. There he dwells in his might.
It was told Jacob, saying, Behold, Joseph your son comes to you. Then Israel arose, and sat on his bed.
For I have given you wealth and wisdom, that your enemies may not be haughty or blasphemed.
If your brother, or your son, or your daughter, or a wife of your heart, or a friend of your life, ensnare you secretly, saying, Let us go and serve other gods, which you have not known, you, nor your fathers;
Were we able to testify against you, When we saw you sick or in prison?'
He heard the voice of Peter, and was glad, and didn't forget to open the door, and ran to his steward, and said, Peter is standing at the door.
Joshua said, Thus shall you know that Yahweh, who lives, will rule before you over the Canaanites, and over the Hittites, and over the Hivites, and over the Perizzites, and over the Gigashite, and over the Amorites, and over the Jebusites;
It happened on the next day, that the army returned to the camp, and sent the horsemen to deliver Paul.
Seven days shall there be no light on you round about: you shall not leave a little of the flesh of the sacrifice of the first day until the morning.
Jesus said to him, The salvation comes to this house this day, because he is Abraham's son.
All the kings of the earth came to see Solomon, to hear his wisdom, which God had given him in his heart.
Neither has the world seen me any more, but you have seen me; for I am alive, and you are alive.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five male lambs a year old. This was the offering of Eliab the son of Zeruoh.
Peter and John laid their hands on them, and they were filled with the Holy Spirit.
He prepared seven trumpets for the seven angels, ready to blow.
Moses said to Aaron, Take the censer, and put the fire of the altar in it, and put the censer on it, and bring it to the congregation, and make atonement for them; for wrath has poured out on Yahweh, and the pestilence is gone out.
The king said, Return him to his house, and don't see my face. Absalom returned to his house, and didn't see the king's face.
When he heard these things, his face was shaken, and he departed from him, because he had much wealth.
neither shall you enter into the land where I swore to you; but Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun, shall enter into it.
It happened, when we cried to Yahweh, that he heard our voice, and sent messengers to bring us out of Egypt; and we are in Kadesh, which is by you.
But the land that was afflicted was no more darkened; and God defied the land of Zebulun and Naphtali, and gave it the way to the sea, and the border of the Jordan, and Galilee of the Gentiles.
For his eyes look at the way of every man, And see his steps.
It happened after this, that he died, and the angel brought him into Abraham's heart. The rich man also died, and was buried.
When they heard this, they were very glad, and asked him for money. Judas looked, and saw what might be done to him.
Blessed are you in the city, And blessed are you in the field.
But Vashti the queen refused to come, and didn't listen to the king's commandment, which he commanded him: therefore the king was very angry, and his heart was burning like fire.
that I may return to my father's house in peace; that Yahweh may be my God;
All the males of the priests shall eat of them; it is most holy.
So love was perfected among us, that we might be happy and not afraid in the day of judgment, for we have the same life as Jesus in this world.
He has given us to be bondservants under the covenant of reconciliation, which is not written in letters, but in the Spirit; and the written word will die, but the Spirit will give life.
You have broken the word of God, because you wanted to keep your ordinances.
David did that which Yahweh commanded him; and they struck all the armies of the Philistines, from Gibeon even to Gezer.
For we ourselves are Jews, and not foreigners, as some say.
But when the husband hears that he has cut him off, he shall bear the iniquity of the woman.
For you were chosen according to the will of God the Father, and according to the Holy Spirit, to be holy, to obey Jesus Christ, and to be justified by his blood. Grace to you and peace be with you all.
Let your father-in-law rejoice. Let your mother-in-law rejoice.
Behold, this is the joy of his way: and afterward another will come out of the earth.
His eyes shall not depart from the righteous. He shall reign with the king forever. They shall be exalted.
David lived in the stronghold of the midst of the country, and stayed in the hill country of the wilderness of Jihu. Saul sought him day by day, but God didn't deliver him into his hand.
There were also doors for three waters, for a measure and for a measure; so were the three waters.
You shall choose three men of your tribes, and I will send them; and they shall pass through the land, and go on their way, and return to me according to their number.
The earth will tremble like a drunken man, And will tremble like a drunken man. The waters will be on them, And they will fall, And they will not rise again.
But if God is merciful to us, and has given us this burden, we will no more be burned.
They shall bring your brothers again out of the midst of the nations; and they shall bring their horses, and their chariots, and their chariots, and their camels, and their camels, to Yahweh, to my holy mountain, to Jerusalem; as the children of Israel do, and offer their offerings in the house of Yahweh, says Yahweh.
The servants of God rose up early in the morning, and went out, and saw army, horses, and chariots circling the city. The servants said to him, Woe, my lord! what shall we do?
Jesus said to him, Blessed are those who don't see the sword, who see my faith.
All the gifts are to you as a whirlwind. They deliver the whirlwind to those who know it, and say, Read this, that I may hear it. He says, I can't read it, because it is raining.
Speak to the children of Israel, saying, You shall surely keep my Sabbaths; for they are my witnesses between me and you throughout your generations, that you may know that I am Yahweh, and that you may be holy.
So king David sent, and brought him up out of the house of Machir the son of Ammiel the Reubenite.
If God doesn't spare the days, no one will be saved; but he will spare the days for his chosen ones.
There were some sons of Hosah the son of Merari, of whom he was not a great-grandson; but their father made him a great-grandson.
For the Kingdom of God is not a word, but power.
Abijah, sister to us, Abihippah, and the assembly that is in your house.
and they cast their gods into the fire; for they were not God, but the work of men's hands, wood and stone, and they destroyed them.
He made all the tribes of one man, and made them to dwell on the surface of the earth; and he numbered them with the years of their lives, and with the borders of the land where they lived.
For they have forsaken me, and have burned incense to other gods, and have provoked me to anger with the work of their hands: therefore am I angry in this place, as if there had been no fire.
Then Mordecai told him all that had happened to him, and all the money that Haman had said he would offer in the king's chamber to destroy Judah,
All the heads of fathers' houses, and the heads of fathers' houses, and the governors, and the governors, and the captains of the ships, shall make a decree to set a king's decree, and to set a supplication to the king in thirty days: and everyone who asks of any god, or asks of any man, shall cast him into the midst of the lion.
Yahweh God said, Behold, this man has reconciled himself with us, and has reconciled his sin; lest he again stretch out his hand to eat fruit out of the tree of life, and live forever.
You shall bring back your money in your hand, and you shall requite him your money, and return it to him; for it is waste.
Behold, I have a word, my son. Behold, it is written: Write, and don't be afraid; Read, and be weary.
For you, Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel, have portrayed your servant, saying, I will build you a house: therefore your servant has prayed this prayer to you.
Thus shall you say to them, Those who are not gods of heaven shall perish from the earth and from the air.
But he lay still in the stern, and his disciples called him, saying, Teacher, do we have no need for you?
The boy burned incense in his bowels; and he said, Why then have I seen such a thing as this? He went and inquired of Yahweh.
The elders of Jabesh said to him, Please allow us to stay seven days, that we may send to all the borders of Israel: and if no one saves us, we will go out to you.
This grace calls us to forsake the life of ungodliness, and the love of sin, and to pass through the wrath of righteousness and of godliness in this world;
Those who are great have wisdom, but those who are modest have justice.
Why are the temple of God and the idols set together? We are the temple of the living God. As God has said, I will dwell with my people, and walk among them. I will be their God, and they will be my people.
They have prospered all their days. A few days they have brought down Sheol.
Neither have I prayed for them, Neither have I prayed for the word which I preached to them,
Don't lie, and deceive; for you have redeemed your lords and your lords,
Jesus, perceiving it, said to them, Why do you despise this woman? For she did good for me.
The one cherub was five cubits long, and went out to the other side of the house: and the other cherub was five cubits long, and the cherub's wings.
No matter what it is, it shall not be feared by the enemy, that they may perish, and that you may be strengthened; for all this is the work of God.
Then I said, My strength has perished. There is no hope for me in Yahweh.
David said to him, Who are you? From where have you come? He said to him, I am an Egyptian youth, a servant of the Amalekites; for I was three days sick, and my master left me.
The Levites shall cry out to all Israel with a loud voice, saying,
Rehoboam lived in Jerusalem, and built fortified cities in the land of Judah.
Reuben answered them, Didn't I tell you, Don't harm the child by committing iniquity? but you didn't listen. Therefore the iniquity of his blood is poured out on us.
When Joseph's brothers saw that their father was dead, they said, Is it possible that Joseph hates us, and does to us all the evil that we have done to him?
They found songs, and no one made them bread, nor comforted them for the dead: they were sold, and no one made them drink of the cup of comfort.
Behold, there stood before him a certain humble man.
He cried to all the army of Israel, and said to them, What will you do? Am I not a Philistine, and you not Saul's servant? choose one of you, and bring him down to me.
Many years shall a man live; many years shall he rejoice; but only to the days of darkness; for many are the days of darkness. All that shall come shall be vanity.
Son of man, why do you prophesy such things in the land of Israel, saying, The days are long, and the visions are not fulfilled?
I will make him a desolation, and he shall be no more sown, neither shall he be cut down, nor shall he be cut down any more; and I will command the cloud to not fall on him.
He has given us this blessing, And has made all understanding sound,
Aaron was one hundred twenty-three years old when he died on Mount Hor.
God said, The heavens of the heavens shall have a light, that they may separate them day and night, and that they may be for a sign, for a sign, for a sign, for a day, for a year,
If a man has two wives, one whom he loves, and one whom he hates, then they shall bear him children; but the first is the wife whom he hates.
The sons of Asa, who sang and stood by them, kept every gate, as David, Asaph, Heman, and Jeduthun the king's son-in-law commanded: they shall not depart from their work; for their brothers the Levites had prepared for them.
David said to the men who followed him, Take swords every man. They took swords, and David took swords. There were about two hundred men who went up with David, and two hundred kept ten things.
When they go, I will cast my net over them. I will make them fall like a bird of the sky. I will mock them according to the word of their congregation.
But Zerubbabel and Eshai, and the elders of the house of Israel, said to them, We will build the house of our God, and you shall not hinder us: we will build ourselves for Yahweh, the God of Israel, as the king of Persia, the king of Cyrus, commanded us.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
On the seventh day you shall wash your clothes, and you shall be clean: and you shall go into the camp.
Jehoiada the priest took a reed, and put it in a reed of a reed on the side of the altar on the right side of the house of Yahweh: and the priest who kept the gate of the house of Yahweh put the money that was brought into the house of Yahweh into the reed.
My face is darkened by my tears. The shadow of death is in my eyes.
The priest shall offer the sin offering, and kill the man who is to be cleansed, and make atonement for his uncleanness, and kill the burnt offering.
For he who gives the sheep to my Father is better than all; and no one can take them out of the Father's hand.
It happened in those days, when the house of God was in Shiloh, that Dan's men took for themselves the engravings of Micah which he had made.
A day goes out to his father, And to those who are redeemed.
Jerusalem, Jerusalem, you have killed the prophets, and stoned the messengers who were sent to you, whom God had sent to you. I want to gather your children together, as a woman gathers her children together, but you don't.
Some of the Sadducees, who didn't believe, came to him, living as he was.
Yahweh said to Moses, Declare all the heads of fathers' houses of the people before Yahweh at noonday, that the wrath of Yahweh may be poured out on Israel.
But they rebelled against the angel of Yahweh, and defied his word, and blasphemed his prophets, until Yahweh's wrath was kindled against his people, and there was no remedy.
and those who were numbered of them, by their families, by their fathers' houses, were twenty-six thousand six hundred thirty.
The man said to him, What commandment? Jesus answered him, Kill no one, don't commit adultery, don't steal, don't be false witnesses,
Jesus answered them, Haven't I chosen twelve of you? There was also a devil among you.
For it is better for one to die for the righteous, Than for the good.
I will open my mouth and speak parables. I will speak ancient parables,
Bring to me your father, and all your household; and I will give you the good things of the land of Egypt; and you shall eat the little fish of the sea in the land.
Moreover they made strangers to inquire, from small to great, and their eyes were dim, and they didn't see; and they sought, and didn't find.
Jacob said to him, My lord knows that if a child is born prematurely, and a ram is born prematurely, and is driven away for a day, all the flock will die.
You labor in vain, because your land has not yielded its fruit, Neither has the tree of your land yielded its fruit.
Rejoice with him, you who love Jerusalem; rejoice with him, you who mourn for it; rejoice with him, you who mourn for it;
The elders of the congregation shall lay their hands on the head of the bull before Yahweh; and they shall kill the bull before Yahweh.
The nations shall be blessed, says Yahweh of Armies; for your land shall be a pleasant land.
It happened in the years of Jehoiakim, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up: and Jehoiakim served him three years, and rebelled against him.
and the children of the strangers who live as foreigners among you, and the children of those who live as foreigners with you, and the children of those who bore them in your land, you may buy from them, and they shall be your inheritance.
He commanded us to preach the Good News to all men, that he might be judge of both the living and the dead.
We testified to the king that, if the city be built, and the wall made good, then the land beyond the River shall be no more yours.
But Abishai the son of Zeruiah kept watch over David, and struck the Philistine. The men who followed David swore to him, saying, You shall not go out with us again after this time, lest you strike the lamp of Israel.
Moab has been peaceful ever since the days of old, says Yahweh; as a thousand wine, it has not poured out its vessels on other vessels, neither has it been taken: therefore her tent is still, and her tent has not poured out.
When they saw him, they marveled, and immediately they ran to greet him.
All the people wept for the dead woman. He said, Don't weep, for she isn't dead, but asleep.
We are fatherless fatherless children. Our mother is like a widow.
Yahweh spoke to Moses and to Aaron, saying,
Caleb the son of Ebed said, Who is Abimelech, and who is Shechem, that we should serve him? Isn't he the son of Jerubbaal? isn't his captain Zebul? serve the men of Hamor, the father of Shechem: why should we serve them?
For Herod knew that John was righteous and holy; therefore he was afraid of him, and kept him. When Herod heard the words of John, his heart was troubled, but he still listened with joy.
But they were afraid, and said, He has come from Galilee, and has taught in all Judea, and has troubled the people.
It happened at evening, that he went out, he and his disciples, outside of the city.
He said to the king, Yes, all that I have heard concerning you in the land, and your wisdom, is true.
Now when he had called Lazarus out of the tomb, and had raised him from the dead, all the people who were with him were witnesses.
He became a mighty man, and went down into the earth a great army, and a few stars, and trod on them.
The apostles testified with a mighty testimony concerning the resurrection of the Lord Jesus, and the multitude received great blessing.
You shall do according to the statutes which they shall teach you, and according to the judgment which they shall speak to you: you shall not turn aside to the right hand or to the left from your judgment which they shall show you.
You shall understand righteous judgments, And walk in uprightness, And do all good.
The wrath of nations is fierce, and you are fierce. The time of judgment is come on the dead, and your servants, the prophets, and the saints, and those who fear your name, both small and great; and the time of destruction is come on them who have destroyed the world.
Lamot with its suburbs, Anem with its suburbs;
Jesus entered into the house, and the blind man came near. He said to them, Do you believe that I can do this thing? They said to him, Yes, Lord.
When Sanballat heard that we had built the wall, he was angry, and wrathful, and put Judah to shame.
Samson said to the Philistines, If you do so, I will avenge you of this.
Some of the tax collectors also came to be baptized, and they said to John, Teacher, what shall we do?
In the second month, many people will be gathered together to Jerusalem, and will be gathered together to the feast of unleavened bread.
Every abomination that creeps on the earth is abominable: it shall not be eaten.
If he shall sanctify the land from year to year, then he shall set it up according to your valuation.
Aaron and his sons shall offer the offering of Yahweh in the day of his anointing, one hundred tenth parts of an ephah of fine flour, for a continual meal offering, morning by morning, and evening by night.
The high priest stood up and said to him, What do these men tell you? Why don't you answer?
When all the people heard these things, they marveled, and said to Peter and to the rest of the apostles, What shall we do, brothers?
Woe to the wicked! Woe to him! For he will be repaid for his works!
There is a man who does abomination with his neighbor's wife, and there is a man who profanes his soul, and defiles it; and there is a man among you who profanes his sister, the daughter of his father.
the acacia wood, and the oil for the lampstand; the incense of sweet spices for an anointing oil, and for a sweet savor;
In that day Moses commanded the people, saying,
Remind yourself of this, and be stewards of it. Remind the rebellious of it with all your heart.
They prophesied from day to day until the evening offering; but they didn't speak, neither answered, nor listened to them.
The people murmured against Moses, saying, What shall we drink?
The woman said to him, No, Sirs! He said, I will not condemn you, but go you, and don't sin again until afterward.
After this, I will pour out my Spirit on all flesh; and your children will speak as prophets, and your old men will have hope, and your young men will see visions.
The king went in every time into the house of Yahweh; and the captain of the guard took the shields; and he returned, and put them in the captain of the guard's house.
But if the promise of his rest is yet in us, let's have a fearful heart, lest there be among you any who thinks that he doesn't have it.
The Lord Yahweh said, I will command my mountains to send forth a sword against Gog; and every man shall kill his brother with his sword.
All the trees of the field shall know that I, Yahweh, have lifted up the mighty arm, and lifted up the mighty arm, and the green arm has dried up, and the dry arm has failed: thus has I, Yahweh, spoken, and done.
You have taken away all your wrath. You have turned away your wrath.
When he saw that the dream was good, he said to Joseph, I saw also in my dream, and there was bread baked on my head.
Therefore God raised him up to the highest of the heavens, And gave him the name of all his glory.
The beauty of Zion is gone, the beauty of her daughter. Her princes are like wolves without footstool. They have no strength. They are driven before those who pursue her.
For you know God and our Lord Jesus Christ. Be filled with grace and peace.
Yahweh showed me four evil things.
He said to them in parables, A man took a vineyard, and put up a wall around it, and made a treasury of it, and built a tower, and gave it to the farmers for a place.
A wise counseler is blessed, But the saints are lowly.
Jesus answered them, How is this generation without faith? Should I stay with you? Should I work with you? Bring to me your son who has the demon.
But your little ones, whom you have said shall go into captivity, I will bring them in, and they shall know that you have forsaken the land.
Listen to these words, for the Son of Man is about to be delivered into the hand of man.
When the Almighty God scattered the kings in it, the earth was as the snow on Mount Salmund.
Yahweh said to Abram, You shall surely know that your seed shall be a stranger in another land, and shall serve the men of the land: and the men of the land shall afflict them four hundred years.
He who is with him, he doesn't sin. He who sins, he didn't see him, he doesn't know him.
Therefore don't be anxious for tomorrow's things. Tomorrow's things will be anxious for tomorrow's things. A day's sorrow will be a day's pain.
When I returned, behold, there were many trees on the two sides of the river on the way.
Asher didn't drive out Akho, who lived in Sidon, Ahiklah, Achib, Higba, Ahutchik, and the people of Rehob.
You shall take two birds for the house, and cedar wood, and scarlet, and hyssop.
The scribes were able to take them with their hands; but they lived in the king's house.
He made a high place in the synagogue, and a high place in the banquet of wine.
David asked again of Yahweh; and Yahweh said, Arise, and go down to Keilah; for I will deliver the Philistines into your hand.
The secrets of the heart will be revealed, and they will fall down and worship God, saying, God is in the midst of you.
The land of Hokkaido with its suburbs, and the land of Rehob with its suburbs;
He has made ashes his food, and his heart is broken, and he has made him a desolation. He can't save himself, neither can he say, Isn't my right hand a lie?
When he had said this, he showed them his hands and his feet.
He waited seven more days, and let the birds go, and they came no more.
and all the house of Joseph, and his brothers, and the houses of his father, and their little ones, and their flocks and their herds, were left in the land of Goshen.
You don't know him, but I know him. If I say that I don't know him, I am a liar. I know him, and have kept his word.
As we have grown in your love, let the Lord increase the love of your neighbor and the love of all men day and night.
When he had made peace, he called his disciples, and rebuked them. When he had reconciled with them, he went out into Macedonia.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David: and Joram his son reigned in his place.
Yahweh was angry with Israel, and sold them into the hand of the Philistines, and into the hand of the children of Ammon.
The wages of a laborer are cut off, And the wages of a handmaid are cut off.
They kill widows and foreigners, And kill fatherless.
Joab the son of Zeruiah, and the servants of David, came out, and struck the pool at Gibeon: and they sat down, one on this side, and another on that side.
They poured out gold out of the ground, and weighed silver with their ear, and weighed silver for a signet, and they fell down, and worshiped it.
He enjoins all men, both small and great, rich and poor, free and servile, to keep them safe in the right hand and in the left.
Then his disciples said to him, Teacher, come and eat.
They took Aaron's garments, and clothed Eleazar his son: and Aaron died there, and returned to his father's house.
The voice said to him the second time, Don't defile the thing which God has cleansed him.
For with my groaning I eat food. I cry out like a flood.
The angel will cast him into a deep pit, and shut him up, and will shut him up with a whirlwind, that he may not return to the nations, until a thousand years are fulfilled; and after this he will surely be released for a while.
Take away your heart, and don't take away your clothes. Return to Yahweh your God, for he is gentle, merciful, not angry, full of goodness, and has repented of his evil.
Yahweh said, I have sown a vineyard. There is none like me among all the people. I have sown it in my anger. I have sown it in my wrath. Their blood has poured out on my garments. I have made all my garments unclean.
Turn your yoke, and come near to me.
But the firstborn shall be the son of the wife whom you hate, and shall divide the inheritance between them; for the firstborn is the beginning of his strength, and the firstborn is his name.
You shall not bond yourself with any animal; neither shall a woman stand before any animal; it is a holy thing.
For heaven and earth, and the earth, and the mighty things, can't break the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord.
A good head is better than a bad one. The strength of the heart is greater than pride.
Balak did according to the word of Balaam: and Balak and Balaam offered up a bull and a ram on every altar.
The children of Israel did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and Yahweh made Eglon king of Moab strong against Israel; for they did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh.
the tabernacle, its tent, its cords, its hooks, its snuffers, its pillars, its sockets,
The Lamb went on his way, and took the scroll out of the right hand of him who was sitting on the throne.
saying, You, Christ, are a prophet. Now tell us, Who struck you?
Yahweh said to Moses, I will bring another evil on Pharaoh and Egypt, and he will let you go out of the land. When he let you go out of the land, he will drive you out from there.
Then I burned with fire your oxen which you swore to give, even your calf which you swore to give; and I made them ruddy and fine, and fine as dust; and I put the dust on the brook that flows down from the mountain.
As I desire, let him have a good cup, and let him bring me food to eat, that I may bless you before my death.
My son, offer my heart to you, And your eyes shall love my way;
Don't you, brothers, speak evil among yourselves. He who speaks evil of his brother or of his sister, he who speaks evil of the law, he who speaks evil of the law, he who speaks evil of the law. If you speak evil of the law, you are not a lawgiver, but a lawgiver.
They said to him, We see that this man despises our people, and he is a debtor to him, and he is a thousand times as the Christ, and he is king.
He reigned forty-one years in Jerusalem: and his name was Maacah the daughter of Absalom.
These are the words of Jeremiah the son of Hilkiah, the priest of Anathoth in Benjamin:
David ran, and fled to Ramah, and came to Samuel, and told him all that Saul had done to him: and he and Samuel went to Naioth.
Many of his friends will perish in their own time. One close relative will be nearer than a brother.
Don't the men of iniquity know? They devour my people as they eat bread. They don't call on God.
David sent messengers to the men of Jabesh Gilead, saying, Blessed be you by Yahweh; for you have dealt graciously with Saul your lord, and have buried him.
He blessed Abram, saying, Blessed be Abram, Lord of heaven and earth.
Their eyes are only on the prostitution. They have sinned without cause. They have a rebellious heart. They are greedy for gain. They ought to be cursed.
Therefore we know that God loves us. God is love, and he who loves his life lives in God's presence.
Will you set the four corners of the earth in order, that the wicked may go out?
When Jesus had finished praying, he stood up, and came to the disciples, and saw them sleeping because of their sorrow.
The watchman said, As Ahimaaz the son of Zadok flees before me, so he flees. The king said, He is a good man, and he has come for a good time.
All the acts of Asa which he did, from the beginning even to the end, were written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah and Israel.
In that day, says Yahweh, will I not cut off the wise from Edom, And the wise from Mount Esau?
In the day of my trouble, I sought the Lord. In the night, I lifted up my hands, and didn't pray. My heart would not be comforted.
Yahweh has repaid me according to my righteousness, And according to the purification of my hands has he repaid me.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Joshua called at that time the Reubenites and the Gadites, and the half-tribe of Manasseh,
He sanctified the Levites in Yahweh, and taught the children of Israel, saying, Put the holy ark in the house which Solomon the son of David king of Israel has built, and don't shine on your shoulders: now therefore serve Yahweh your God, and his people Israel.
One said to another, I have bought a field, and I must go and see it. Let it be known to you.'
I will stretch out my hand on Judah and on all the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and I will cut off from this place the remnant of Baal, and the name of Kamal, and the priests.
So your light shall go forth as the morning light, and your wound shall be healed; and your righteousness shall walk before you; and the glory of Yahweh shall be a shield after you.
Your sons and your daughters shall tremble in the wilderness forty years, and shall bear the iniquity of your prostitution until the destruction of your dead bodies in the wilderness.
I am the light of the world, when I am in the world.
The work of the wicked endures forever. Your judgments are in vain. He despises all his enemies.
This is not to say that we have our own possessions, but our possessions are of God.
The six hundred men of the Danites were in the armory, and stood at the door.
But there are some of the Jews who came out of Asia, who, if they wanted to kill me, should kill me before you.
For the children of Israel and the Levites shall bring their sacrifices, their new wine and their fat, to the chambers of the sanctuaries, the chambers of the priests, the porters, and the singers: so shall we not forsake the house of our God.
The five men who saw it went in, and took the engraved images, and the images of the ephod, and the images of the house, and the images of the altar: and the ephod and the six hundred men who were with him stood at the door.
Thus says Yahweh: Am I a God near, and not far off?
It happened on the eighth day, that the king sent the people away; and they blessed the king; for all the favor of Yahweh, which he had given to David his servant, and to his people Israel, they rejoiced, and were glad in their heart, and returned every man to his tent.
He said to them, Hear you a parable. A plot of vineyards is laid out, with a treasury and a cellar, and a watchtower in it. He gave it to the farmers, and they went out.
Therefore I urged you to eat, for it is your salvation, because there is not a hairy head among you.
So the husband shall love his own woman as his own body. He who loves his own woman is his own body.
You have done all these things, says the Lord Yahweh: you have done the work of prostitutes, and your heart has suffered greatly.
A man is filled with the fruit of his mouth. He is rewarded according to the work of his hands.
Righteousness preserves the upright. Iniquity destroys those who sin.
The fear of your heart and the sight of your eyes shall say in the morning, Woe to this night!' and in the night, Woe to this day light!'
The Jews therefore said to him, Who said to you, Get up, and walk?'
When I was in the house of Thessalonica, you also sent for my need.
Whoever receives the name of the prophet shall receive the reward of the prophet.
I will do a thing against you, and I will strike you seven times for your sins.
There shall be a name among the children of Israel, A house of the least.'
If anyone commits adultery with his handmaid, before he is appointed, and before he is freed, both of them shall be punished: but they shall not put him to death; for the handmaid is not freed.
In that day you shall say, Give thanks to Yahweh, and call on his name, and proclaim among the nations his works which he has done, that his name is exalted.
Now the rest of the acts of Jeroboam, and all that he did, and his might, how he fought, and how he redeemed Damascus and Hamath, who were of Judah, to cause them to return to Israel, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
He lies in wait for sin on his bed. He has set his heart to do evil. He doesn't abhor evil.
In that day, says Yahweh, I will raise up David from his tent, and I will heal his wounds, and I will build him up from his ruins, as at the first.
Therefore you shall see no more falsehood, nor discern. I will deliver my people out of your hand. You shall know that I am Yahweh.
Absalom stood on a pillar in the king's valley, while he lived; for he said, I have no son to keep my name. He called the pillar Absalom's memorial to this day in his own name.
The words of a sluggard are like good food. They enter into the belly of a man.
The people made Jehoahaz the son of Josiah king; and he succeeded him in Jerusalem.
Then will I take their roots from the land which I gave them, and the house which I have sanctified for my name, and will cast it away from me, and will make it a desolation and a reproach among all the nations.
For we don't speak in vain about the power and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, but our eyes have seen his majesty, when we speak to you concerning the power of our Lord Jesus Christ.
His father said to him, You are with me, my son, and all that I have is yours.
But God has shamed the wise by the eyes of men, and the mighty by the eyes of men;
But he who conceived from the handmaid was born according to the law, and he who conceived from the free woman according to the promise.
The crown of Ephraim's pride will be at his feet.
It happened on one of those days, that Jonathan the son of Saul said to the young men who were in his army, Come, and let us go to the other side to the camp of the Philistines. But he didn't tell their father.
When he made the heavens and the earth, from the beginning,
He said to him, Thus says Hezekiah, This day is a day of rebuke and of reproach, a day when a son is born, and there is no strength to bring forth.
In that day Moses wrote this song, and taught it to the children of Israel.
He went on his way, and saw his brothers, James the son of Zebedee, and John, his brother. They sat on the ark with Zebedee, his father, and Jesus followed them.
Why are the mighty fallen on their faces? Jonathan was slain on your high places.
The falsehood was found at the door of the Tent of Meeting, and he shaved off the head of his savior, and he shaved off the head of his savior, and put it under the altar of peace offerings.
In the evening you shall go out in front of their eyes at noon, and shall cover your face, and shall cover your face until you see it: for I will make you head of the house of Israel.
I love Yahweh, Because he hears my words. He hears my petitions.
For Saul and Jonathan his son, and for the house of Yahweh, and for the house of Israel, they mourned, wept, and fasted until the evening; for they fell by the sword.
He delivers them into the hand of the Gentiles, And those who hate them rule over them.
Now the rest of the acts of Manasseh, and all that he did, and his iniquity, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Abaddon bore Jabal, and became the father of those who lived in tents, who took livestock.
The chambers that were round about the house were twenty cubits long.
Then Jesus said to them, Have you come out to me with the sword and with the rod, as to a snare? I sit daily in the temple teaching, and you haven't come to me.
Huram said, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of heaven, the God of Israel, who made king David a wise son, that he might have understanding and discernment, to build a house for Yahweh, and a house for his kingdom.
Now the rest of the acts of Josiah, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
Then the word of Yahweh came to Samuel, saying,
It shall be done according to all manner of things, and according to all manner of works.
Then the princes of the Philistines came near to the woman, and said to her, Call Samson, and see where his strength is, how we will encamp with him, and lay hold on him, and make him sick; and we will give you every man a thousand and a hundred pieces of silver.
Immediately he went after him, and was slain as an ox, and as a fool, when he lived in a deserted place.
My soul shall rejoice in Yahweh. The humble shall hear, and rejoice.
The Philistines said, What shall we do to restore him for a trespass offering? They said, Five cubits of gold, and five cubits of gold, according to the number of the princes of the Philistines; for you have seen evil with your princes.
In that day the king set apart the holy place which was before the house of Yahweh, and offered there burnt offerings, and meal offerings, and oil for peace offerings; for the burnt offering of the first altar of Yahweh didn't allow the burnt offering, nor the meal offering, nor the oil for peace offerings.
A fool says great things, but it is not true; But a soothsayer says lies, but it is not true.
He built cities in the hill country of Judah, and built forts in the forest, and kept the watch of the eunuchs.
Though he has a great harvest among his brothers, a east wind shall come, the wind of Yahweh from the wilderness; and all his springs shall dry up, and all his springs shall be cut down, and he shall take away all his precious treasures.
There is no righteous man, neither is there a sword, as it is written.
Though he covers his wrath with deceit, Yet his wickedness is revealed before the congregation.
They went and looked at the land, from the wilderness of Zin, even to Rehob, even to the entrance of Hamath.
Then you shall see our faces, and the faces of the young men who eat the king's good things; and you shall do to your servants as you see fit.
Yahweh is gracious and merciful. He will not be angry, but will be gracious.
Joseph arose and took Mary, as the angel of the Lord had commanded him.
It shall not be eaten from the root of the vine until the skin is healed, in all the day that you shall sanctify yourself.
Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign; and he reigned thirty-one years in Jerusalem.
My love, your lips are like the honey of a cave, And your tongue will be filled with honey. The fragrance of your garments will be like the fragrance of Lebanon.
You shall give the fifth part to Pharaoh at the harvest, and the fourth part to you, for a seed of the field, and for food for you, and for the men of your houses, and for your little ones.
There was a man of Judah, Mordecai by name, the son of Jail, the son of Shimei, the son of Chesh, of Benjamin.
The sword shall come on Egypt; and the Ethiopians shall be afflicted when the slain of Egypt fall; and they shall take all his people, and break down his foundations.
Let your wrath be poured out on nations that don't know you, And on nations that don't call on your name.
King Solomon appointed servants out of all Israel, and they were three hundred thousand servants.
If from the counsel of the elders there are not two or three witnesses, they shall not be witnesses.
The deep says, It isn't with me. The sea says, It isn't with me.'
The fish of the river shall die, and the waters of the river shall be boiled up; and the Egyptians shall abhor the waters of the river.
The Lord commanded, and the good news of the woman prospered.
Aaron shall put his right hand on the head of the living goat, and shall declare on him all the evil of the children of Israel, and their disobedience, and all their iniquities, on the head of the living goat; and they shall send them into the wilderness.
Isaac lived in Rameses, when he had come from the way of Pharaoh Jehoiah.
The priest's heart was glad, and he took the priest's ephod, and the idols of the house, and the images of the engraved images, and went among the people.
Pharaoh awoke from his sleep, and he knew that he was dreaming.
Thomas also, whose name is Titus, is one of the twelve. When Jesus came, he didn't stay there.
The word of Yahweh tested him until he had fulfilled his promise.
Then Ezra the priest arose, and said to them, You have sinned: you have taken foreign wives, and have multiplied the sins of the children of Israel.
But the children of Israel trembled and prayed, thinking that they might be justified by the law, and not by God.
There was no end to all the work of Joseph's hand: for Yahweh was with Joseph, and he prospered in all that he did.
Now I tell you, brothers, concerning David the prophet, he is dead and buried, and his tomb is with us to this day.
Six days shall work be done; but the seventh day shall be a great day of rest, a holy day to Yahweh. He who works on the Sabbath day shall surely be put to death.
He shall kill the ram of the trespass offering, and the priest shall take a little of the blood of the trespass offering, and put it on the tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed, and on the thumb of his right hand, and on the big toe of his right foot.
I, Jesus, have sent my angel to these assemblies, to show you these things: I am the root of David, and the seed of his seed, the light of a glowing star.
Therefore whoever denies me in the sight of man, I will deny him in the sight of my Father.
Jehoshaphat said, Isn't there here a prophet of Yahweh, that we should inquire of Yahweh by him? The servant of the king of Israel answered, Here is Elisha the son of Shaphan, who has poured out the waters of Elijah's hand.
When Abner had come again to Hebron, Joab brought him to the gate of the city, pretending to speak to him; and he snared him there, and he died for Asahel his brother's sake.
Be strong and of good courage, for you will give this people the land for an inheritance, which I swore to their fathers to give them.
But Yahweh delights in him, and makes him afflicted; and his life shall be a sin offering, and he shall see his seed; and he shall increase his days; and the things which Yahweh delights in his hand shall prosper.
Moses listened to the commandment, and took a rod before Yahweh.
The woman took Joseph's garments, and put them on him, until his lord came.
His lord said to him, Well done, good and faithful servant. I will set you over many things, though you are little. Come in, and rejoice with me.'
They said to Baruch, Tell us now, With what do you write all the words that he has spoken?
They called to the king's scribe, and said, Peace be to the king Darius.
Wherever the wind is going, wherever it is going, there will be a voice to you, and you will not know where it is coming from, but where it is going. So is everyone who comes out of the Holy Spirit.
He traveled from Rameses, and passed through Bethel, and came to the place where they stayed between Bethel and Ai.
and you will send to you the vessels of his house, and you shall drink them, you, and your princes, and your stewards with you: and you shall praise the gods of silver, and of gold, and of brass, and of wood, and of stone, which you shall not see, nor hear, nor know: but you shall not glorify the God of your righteousness, who shall rule over your mouth.
Therefore hear, you afflicted and sinned, who didn't sin, because of this.
From now on, let no one despise me, for my flesh bears his wounds, and I am his servant.
If you will keep all the commandments which I command you this day, and will walk in them, and love Yahweh your God, and walk in his ways continually, then you shall make three cities besides this one, and three cities for your house.
It happened in that day, that Achish gave him Ziklag: therefore Ziklag was king over Judah to this day.
The kings of the earth, and the rulers, and the captains of the army, and the rich, and the mighty, and all the servants and the free, and all the officers of the earth, went up to the top of the hill and to the top of the hill.
My eyes shall not preserve you, neither will I afflict you; but I will repay you according to your doings; and your abominations shall be in the midst of you. You shall know that I am Yahweh.
His lord came and said to Pharaoh's daughter, Is it good that I come into the midst of the Hebrew women, and call a nurse, and gird you this child?
I saw, and behold, the cherubim on their heads, and the skies, were like precious stones, like the appearance of a throne.
Let them be as the snares of water. Let their arrows be broken when they are about to be cut off.
My soul trembles in me. When I sit still, the fire comes up, and I speak with it.
They appointed them elders in every assembly, fasted, and prayed, and delivered them up to the Lord of their faith.
No one who calls on my Lord, the Lord, will enter into the Kingdom of Heaven; but whoever believes in my Father, he will enter into it.
Thus says Yahweh to me, Go, stand at the gates of all the people, from which the kings of Judah go in and go out; and you shall stand at the gates of Jerusalem:
He brought silver and gold from Tarshish, and silver and gold from Uriah; all of them made of reeds, and of the hands of silversmiths; and blue and purple was for the garments; all of them marvels.
Now we have heard from the Son of God, and will proclaim this to you: God is light, and there is no darkness in him.
Hear with your ears the words of the wise. Receive my knowledge with all your heart.
Let them say to me, Woe to you, O man! For shame and destruction!
Those who desire to walk in Christ Jesus will be persecuted,
David took his horsemen, one thousand seven hundred, and two hundred footmen: and David cut off the chariots from his feet, but left him a hundred chariots.
The children of Israel said to Moses, Behold, we are dead, and we are destroyed, and we are destroyed.
Zedekiah the king sent Pashhur the son of Malchijah, and Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest, to Jeremiah, saying,
It happened after this, that David struck the Philistines, and subdued them; and he took Gad and his incense out of the hand of the Philistines.
Thus says he, not because he cares for the poor, but because he is a thief, and because he keeps stealing his rule.
He made two rings of gold for it, and put them under the baskets, and hung them on the two ends of the altar on its two sides: and the rings were for the poles of the altar, to hang it.
Praise him, all you angels! Praise him, all you harpists!
Now when Jezebel killed all the prophets of Yahweh, didn't anyone tell my lord what I had done? I put one hundred prophets of Yahweh on the earth, and fifty men in one tribe, and fed them with bread and water.
Then Jesus filled the Spirit with joy, and said, Father, Lord of heavens, I praise you, for you have sealed up these things from the wisdom and understanding, and have revealed them to the little ones. Father, you are righteous, for you have seen them.
He gave to him all the swarms of the Spirit, the swarms of the inner court of the house of Yahweh, and the chambers that were round about it; the golden vessels of the house of Yahweh, and the golden vessels of the holy things;
You shall bake and eat in the place which Yahweh your God shall choose: and when it is morning, turn you to your tent.
They have seen lies, lies in divination, which Yahweh has spoken, but Yahweh has not sent them as prophets, yet they hope that the word will be fulfilled.
But I have known you, that you are the most excellent vine, and that you are a very good plant. Why have you become a wicked tree to me, because you are of me?
Therefore before the end of the days, don't judge. When the Lord comes, he will reveal with light the secret of darkness, and will bring forth the counsel of those who dwell in the innermost parts, and everyone will receive his praise from God.
They shall bring the head of it, and the breast of it, with the fat of the burnt offering, and they shall wave it for a wave offering before Yahweh: and it shall be a portion forever to you and to your sons, according to the commandment of Yahweh.
They said, Because of the famine, we have given to men our fields, and our vineyards, and our houses, for grain.
Every holy thing that a man dedicates shall be to the priest; and to the priest shall a man give whatever is to him.
this also is a sin of judgment, a sin that ought to be punished; for I am a God who rebels against the earth.
In the seventh month, on the tenth day of the month, you shall have a holy convocation: you shall afflict your own soul, and shall not work.
A certain man named Lazarus laid down at the door of the rich man, both in his body and in his whole body,
Jesus answered them, My mother, what have I to do with you? My time has not yet come.
For Israel shall dwell alone all day long: there shall be no king, nor prince, nor priest, nor pillar, nor ephod, nor priest; neither shall the house be decorated.
The doors of the chambers of the inner court were on the right side of the house, from the uttermost part of the house, and from the uttermost part of the house to the third part of the house.
The chief priests and the Pharisees shall be charged, that whoever knows where Jesus is, let him come and tell them, that they may take him.
I cried with tears, And afflicted my soul with fasting. This has made me a reproach to all my people.
He said to them, Don't let the captivity come in here; for you intend to make us sin against Yahweh, and to add to our iniquities, and to our transgressions; for the wrath of God has come on Israel.
If you say in your heart, These nations are greater than I, why should I rule over them?
When they heard the words of Herod, they went out: and when they saw the star in the east wind, they brought it before them, and brought it to the child; and they stayed there.
Praise Yah! Sing new songs to Yahweh! Praise him in the assembly of the saints!
He said, If the Syrians are stronger than I, help me. If the children of Ammon are stronger than you, help me.
Though men will come up and pursue you, and seek your life, yet the life of my lord will be wrapped in the sash of life in Yahweh your God; and the life of your enemies will Yahweh raise up, as the rose out of the nettle.
But if I boast, I will not be haughty; for I will speak truth; but I will do my part, that no man may be judged by me more than he who has seen or heard.
But if it is so, why should you condemn those who tread down the blood of the covenant of God, and profane the Holy Spirit, and profane it, and profane it?
and for the burnt offering, twelve bulls, twelve rams, twelve male lambs a year old, and twelve male goats for a sin offering;
I know your doings. Behold, I have opened to you a door of faith, which no one can shut; and I know that you have some strength, and have kept my word, and have not profaned my name.
Moses did so, as Yahweh commanded him.
They brought seven bulls, seven rams, seven rams, and seven male goats, to offer sacrifices of sin to the kingdom, to the sanctuary, and to Judah. The king commanded the priests of the sons of Aaron, that they should offer them on the altar of Yahweh.
He shall put it there, and he shall read it all the days of his life, to learn the fear of Yahweh his God; and he shall keep all the words of this law, and all the statutes, and do them.
Jesus said to him, Go out and bury the saints who are in the body, but preach the Good News of the Kingdom of God.
Then sent he to his father the scarlet cloth, and said, We found the scarlet cloth: why do you think that it isn't your son's scarlet?
They despise men, And speak oppression according to the word of evil. They speak great things.
Let those who seek my life be shamed and confounded. Let those who devise evil against me turn back and be disappointed.
Now, behold, my testimony is in heaven, And my supplication on earth.
I thought it good to be steadfast in my life, that I would be steadfast in your prayers.
As a body without strength dies, And a faith without faith dies.
Saul arose, and took three thousand chosen men out of all Israel, and went down into the wilderness of Jihu, to seek David in the wilderness of Jihu.
When his family saw that he sought to go with him, they spoke no more to him.
This sweet savor will not cost a fortune to the poor.
Now therefore, my God, look in your eyes, and hear, the prayer which I pray in this place.
Zedekiah was twenty-one years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Hamutal the daughter of Jeremiah of Libnah.
For your faithfulness shines forth. The light of your spear is still. The sun and the moon remain in its place.
You shall be separated from the prisoner, and you shall be taken from your inheritance; for you know that you have a better and better inheritance than you.
Moses the servant of Yahweh sent me from Kadesh Barnea to spy out the land; and I lived therein forty years, and my heart blessed him.
Our sons are like thorns in their young years. Our daughters are like pillars of stone in the king's house.
Samson said to him, If anyone binds me with a cord that has not been tied, I will become as another man.
He touched their eyes, and said, Your faith has confirmed you.
and he divided his men into three groups, and buried them in the field; and behold, the men of Shechem came out of the city; and he arose, and struck them, and killed them.
So they went, and drew up the stone with the whirlwind, and kept it for the guard.
It happened afterward, that it was seen in Assos, that Philip was preaching the Good News in all the cities, even to Caesarea.
You shall make six boards for the side of the tent, even for the side of the tent.
For God didn't give you the grace to believe in Christ, but to suffer for Christ,
When we live according to the flesh, the law renews our iniquities, and renews the fruit of death in us all.
This is the portion of the wicked from Yahweh, and the portion of the violent from the Almighty.
Speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, When you come into the land which I give to you, it shall be for a rest to Yahweh.
It happened, when the demon had driven him out, and the mute was speaking, that all the people were afraid, saying, We have not seen such things in Israel.
The children of Israel and the children of Judah arose, and cried, and pursued after the Philistines to the gates of Kahun and Ekron: and the Philistines who suffered wounds fell in the way of Shalaim to Gath and Ekron.
He also sealed us for a sign, and gave us the Holy Spirit for a bond in our hearts.
Ezra the scribe stood on the pillar of wood that they had prepared for this thing: and Mattaniah, Shemaiah, Ananiah, Uriah, Hilkiah, and Maaseiah stood on the right hand of him; and Petaiah, Mishael, Malchijah, Hashim, Hashtabanah, Zechariah, and Meshullam stood on the left hand of him.
He lay down on his bed, and slept until he slept, in the dream, and in the vision of the night;
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
You shall make shields of faith at all times, that you may destroy the fire of evil birds.
When I speak to you in the darkness, speak you out of the light. When I speak to you in the ear, prophesy out of the house.
When I sing to you, My lips will lift up their voice with joy, My soul with which you have redeemed me.
If there be a dispute among you, let it be divided. Let it be forgiven one another. As the Lord has forgiven you, so you also have forgiven one another.
The joy of a trumpet is gone, and the joy of a feast is gone, and the joy of a harp is gone.
I have made your gates of rubies, and the gates of your gates of rubies, and the border of your borders of rubies round about.
and for the sons of Aaron, the priests who lived outside of their cities, and for the names of the men who were written in every city, to divide the portion of them for the priests' males, and for all the Levites who were written in their fathers' houses.
You shall do as we commanded you, and shall be a living creature of peace, and shall be able to live in your own way as you work, and shall be able to live in your own way;
In the day of our king's banquet, the princes were sick because of the king's banquet. He held his peace with the sluggards.
They multiplied their power, and came every man to Zion to meet God.
He who kills hates the upright, But he who is upright preserves his life.
Therefore my harp is turned into mourning noise, My snorting into weeping.
The apostles and the believers who lived in Judea heard that the Gentiles also received the word of God.
Samuel anointed him with the oil of his horn, and anointed him among his brothers. The Spirit of Yahweh came greatly on David that day. Samuel departed, and returned to Ramah.
If you listen to the voice of Yahweh your God, and observe the commandments of this law, and turn your heart and your soul to Yahweh your God,
But our God did all that he desired in heaven and in earth.
It happened in the days of Josiah, that Baron Ekron king of Egypt went up against the king of Assyria by the river Euphrates: and Josiah went up against him: and when the king of Egypt found Josiah in Megdoon, he killed him.
Yahweh, you are my lamp. Yahweh will shine in my darkness.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Our fathers would not listen to him, but rejected him, that he might return into Egypt.
Now therefore, O king, accept my affliction with joy, and turn away your iniquities with righteousness, and put away your transgressions with compassion for the poor; that your peace may be extended.
and cut off the horns of its young lions, and brought them into the rams' dens, and put them in the cities of the horsemen.
It happened in the first year of king Cyrus, that Cyrus the king issued a decree concerning the house of God which is in Jerusalem, saying, Build the house, that it may be a place for the sacrifice, and that the foundations of it may be established: the height of it shall be sixty cubits, and the breadth sixty cubits;
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: If a prince gives his inheritance to one of his sons, it is his inheritance, and passes it on to his sons, they shall inherit it.
The Kingdom of Heaven was like a parable: ten virgins went out with lamps to meet the bridegroom.
Thus will I break down the walls of your blood, and will break them to the floor, so that the walls shall fall, and you shall perish therein; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Isaac was born eight days old. Abraham circumcised his son according to the commandment of God.
He gave the one thousand pieces of silver to his mother; and she said to him, I have given the money out of my hand to Yahweh for my son, that I may write a song, and sing a song; and I will continue to deliver it to you.
or the image of a bird in the sky, or the image of a creeping thing on the earth, or the image of a fish in the waters of the earth.
But of the tribe of Levi you shall not number; neither shall you number their portions among the children of Israel.
As it is written, God has hid their spirit from sight, and their ears from hearing, to this day.
Hear me, house of Jacob, All you who are left of the house of Israel: From birth you have brought me in, From the womb you have brought me in.
Son of man, set your face toward the mountains of Israel, and prophesy against them;
The woman is grieved when she bears a child, because her period is past. When the child is born, she forgets the pain of the child, because she rejoices that the child is born in the world.
All the people will hear, and fear. They will walk no more steadfastly.
The seven angels who were numbered of them came to me, one of them, saying, Come, and I will show you the great prostitution, which is built in the great city, which is to be judged by the river.
But as for the Jews, I believed in Caesar, but I didn't seek my own people.
Show me mercy, Yahweh. Make me strong again, that I may repay them.
The princes put it in the chamber of Elishama the scribe, and went in to the king into the court, and told all these words to the king.
Pharaoh said, Tomorrow. Moses said, Let it be according to your word, that you may know that there is none like Yahweh our God.
But the king of the children of Ammon would not listen to the voice of Jephthah, who sent to him.
He entered into Jerusalem, and entered into the temple, and looked around, and saw a sign. When it was evening, he went out with the twelve, and came to Bethany.
Jotham slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David: and Ahaz his son reigned in his place.
It happened at the threshing floor of Kidron, that Uzzah stretched out his hand over the ark, because the ox fell.
All our enemies have opened their mouths to us.
Blessed is he who cares for the poor. Yahweh will deliver him in the day of trouble.
In midst of you will be revealed the nakedness of your father; And in midst of you will be profaned the uncleanness of the month.
Whoever lives to believe in me will never die. Do you believe?
So the children of Israel prayed, and said, You are Yahweh, but you are Yahweh: you have made heaven and the heaven of heavens, and all the army of the heavens; the earth and all the things that are on the earth, the sea and all the things that are in it; and the army of the heavens worshiped you.
and they sacrificed to the graves of it, and burned incense to the graves of it, because they had obtained from them fat and beautiful portions, and goodly food.
But you, brothers, are not in darkness. That day will not come to you like a thief.
He hears in the field things which he can't speak, things which a man can't speak.
But if they refuse to listen, and every man departs from his evil way, I will bring their evil on them, for their wickedness which they have done.
But if you are of this world, the world will love you. But because you are not of this world, and I have chosen you out of the world, the world will hate you.
Don't be like them; for your need is known to the Father, before you ask.
God came to Balaam, and said to him, Who are these who are with you?
If the spirit of the dominion is against you, don't depart from your words, for the river doesn't allow great trespass.
He rebuked the sea, and dryed it, and made all the rivers dry; and Bashan and Carmel were destroyed, and the flower of Lebanon was destroyed.
You shall not go in to a drunken man with a drunken man.
He who abhors me and receives my words shall be judged by a judge; and the word which I have spoken shall be judged in the latter days.
Then will I cleanse the speech of all peoples, that they may call on the name of Yahweh, and serve him with all their heart and with all their soul.
But none of those who are forever offered, to Yahweh from all his offerings, whether man, or animal, or land of his possession, shall be sold nor redeemed: he who is forever offered is most holy to Yahweh.
Therefore speak to the house of Israel, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: I have not done this, house of Israel, for your sake, but for my holy name, which you have profaned among the nations where you have gone.
When the rain came, and the flood came, and the wind blew, and struck the house, the house didn't fall; for a strong foundation was on the rock.
He put the basket of unleavened bread out of the way before Yahweh; and he took a loaf of bread, and a loaf of bread full of oil, and a loaf of bread mixed with oil,
Moses did so, and Eleazar the priest, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Therefore will I save my flock, and not make them a prey; and I will make judgment between sheep and sheep.
You shall kill the lamb in the holy place, in the place of the sin offering and of the burnt offering; and the trespass offering shall be to the priest, as the sin offering is to be sacrificed, which is most holy.
Before the lamp of Yahweh arose, and Samuel was sleeping in the house of Yahweh, by the ark of the covenant of Yahweh.
The world doesn't hate you, neither do they hate me, because I have worked their wickedness on them.
Abram took his tent, and came to Hebron, and lived by the oaks of Mamre; and he built there an altar to Yahweh.
Joshua took Maketah that day, and struck them with the edge of the sword, and the king of them: and all the people of the land were destroyed, and there was none left: as he had done to the king of Jericho, so he did to the king of Maketah.
Elkanah his husband said to him, Hannah, why do you weep? why do you also eat bread? why do you have sorrow in your heart? am I not better to you than ten sons?
But if you will go, be strong, and fight; for Yahweh will set you against your enemies; for Yahweh has power to help and to defy.
Let my lips sing praises, For you have taught me your statutes.
Their horses are narrower than a snare, and their rooster is narrower than a snare in the evening: the horsemen are spread out, and the horsemen come from afar; they run like an eagle to eat.
Therefore Yahweh was angry in the land, and brought down on him all the curses that were written in this book.
and said to them, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Behold, I will call Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon my servant; and I will set his throne on the stone which I have set; and he shall set his tent on the stone which I have set.
All the peoples are as nothing before him. They are as nothing to him.
Moses and Aaron and the princes of the congregation named the sons of Kohath after their families, by their fathers' houses,
It happened on a Sabbath day, that he was teaching in a synagogue.
Yahweh has given a great salvation to the king whom he has made; loving kindness to those who are anointed by him, to David and to his seed forever.
They sought counsel, and appointed counsel for the righteous, that they might put him in his place, and deliver him to the governor for the ephah.
The bones of Joseph, which the children of Israel brought up out of Egypt, they buried in Shechem, the land which Jacob bought with one hundred pieces of silver from the sons of Hamor the father of Shechem, for a possession of the children of Joseph.
For you are a holy people to Yahweh your God. Yahweh your God has chosen you out of all the peoples of the earth, to be his own people.
But God is able to do it. He causes it to fall, And raises it up.
Abraham buried Sarah his wife in the cave that was in the field of Makperah, which is in the land of Canaan before Mamre. Mamre is Hebron.
Don't be angry with you, that you may be disappointed; Don't turn away from you because of the price of repentance.
All the people ate, and were satisfied. They took up seven baskets full of the bread that was left over.
Therefore all your precepts are upright. I hate all the proverbs.
You shall gird up your waist like a husband. I ask you, and you answer me.
My soul doesn't desire to live. I will speak from the mouth of my mouth. I will speak of the affliction of my heart.
If the day comes, pray in my name. I will not tell you, but I will pray for you to the Father.
then the congregation shall judge between the slain and the avenger of blood, according to the ordinances.
If you have strong faith in the Lord, we will surely live.
The breasts shall be of a length of one cubit, and of a breadth of a cubit, and of a cubit and a half of a cubit and a half of a cubit and a half of a cubit and a half of a cubit and a half of a cubit and a half of a cubit and a half of a cubit and a half of a cubit and a half of a cubit
But where will wisdom be found? Where is the place of understanding?
For the Chaldeans were afraid, because Ishmael the son of Nethaniah had killed Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, whom the king of Babylon had set over the land.
Though I am righteous, my own mouth will make my iniquity known. Though I am upright, he will show my iniquity.
For everyone of you is driven to eat of the things that are brought to him; and there are some who are hungry, and some who are drunken.
He brought me again to the gate of the sanctuary toward the east; and the gate was shut.
Don't rejoice, Philistia, in all your land, because your rod is broken; for out of the two serpents comes forth a worm, and the fruit of it is a potter's worm.
Elisha drew his eyes, and saw him, so that he was disappointed. The man of God opened his eyes.
Their eyes opened, and he commanded them with a loud voice, saying, Don't let anyone know this thing.
But I beg you, brothers, in the love of our Lord Jesus Christ, and in the love of the Holy Spirit, that you be strong and pray to God,
Don't be afraid of them; for Yahweh your God is among you, a God of great fear.
He is Yahweh our God. His judgments are in all the earth.
They found his nakedness, and struck him with the edge of the sword, and took his sons and his daughters, and left him a cloak in the midst of the women; for they had executed judgments on him.
How long will my sorrow and my affliction be on me? How long will my adversary go above me?
The priest shall burn them on the altar of burnt offering.
Yahweh commanded Jeremiah to go down into the house of the king of Judah,
You shall make a basin of brass, and its snuffers shall be of brass, to wash them. You shall put it between the tabernacle and the altar, and shall put water therein.
I went forward again to the spring of the spring, and to the king's pool; but there was not a way to let my steed pass by.
David said, As Yahweh lives, he will strike him, and he will know whether the day comes, or whether he will die in battle.
Now the rest of the acts of Rehoboam, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah?
For I will afflict the seed of David; but it shall not be forever.
Don't speak of shame, or of sexual immorality, or of jealousy, but of thanksgiving to God.
Before he heard it, he answered, His foolishness and his disobedience.
When a garment or a skin is wet with water, it shall be washed with water, and be unclean until the evening.
A scoffer doesn't have trespass, But one who keeps his tongue is wise.
Then the lord said to them, This is what the enemy has done.' The man said, Why do you want us to come and cut off the pomegranates?'
The number of the cities which Aaron's sons had for the priesthood was thirteen cities with its suburbs.
Yahweh has made the earth with a great power. He has established the world with wisdom. He has opened the heavens with understanding.
Don't be afraid of the king of Babylon whom you fear. Don't be afraid of him, says Yahweh: for I am with you, and I will save you, and you shall escape out of his hand.
So the king of Israel and the king of Judah and the king of Edom went on their way seven days: and the army and their livestock had no water to drink.
The bridegroom looked at him, and all the virgins slept.
Thus and thus says Yahweh: Who will entice Ahab, that he should go up to Ramoth Gilead, and die there?
The children of Gershon were numbered by their families and by their fathers' houses.
He who saves and mocks a man brings shame on himself. He who rebukes the wicked brings shame on himself.
Remember how you sowed me as the dust. Did you cause me to be thrown into the mire?
The Spirit entered into me, and made me stand. He spoke with me, and said to me, Go, shut yourself up in your house.
The children of Israel did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, and didn't remember Yahweh their God, to serve the Baals and the Ashtaroth.
For they were so many that they could not come near him, that they tore a piece of the wall that was over him, and threw down the stumbling block.
and from the rulers of the Good News, because you will receive them, and they will be rejected; therefore they are God's enemies; and from the rulers of the judgment, because God has proclaimed to their fathers the promise; therefore they are God's beloved.
As for the earth, it goes forth from it. Its surface is like a burning fiery furnace.
Though sin is sweet in his mouth, Though it is hidden in his tongue;
All the nations shall say, Yahweh is king. The world shall be established, and shall not shake. He will judge all the peoples according to justice.
I will make Judah my bow, and Ephraim my anchor on the bow: and I will raise up your people against the people of Javan, and will make you like the sword of a mighty man, Zion.
You shall command our own men to learn good things, that they may help those who need them, that they not lose fruit.
If you will keep all the commandments which I command you, and do them, and love Yahweh your God, and walk in all his ways, and keep his ordinances;
one male goat for a sin offering;
Yahweh, you will bless the righteous. You will hang him up with kindness like a shield.
Of the tribe of Zebulun twelve thousand, Of the tribe of Joseph twelve thousand, Of the tribe of Benjamin twelve thousand.
We had sailed many days, and our ships were very heavy because of the fasting. Then Paul hid himself.
They ate Jezebel in the field of Jezreel, and no one buried her.' The young men opened the gate, and fled.
You shall number for yourselves seven and seven days; and you shall number from the time of your first harvest with the thorns, and seven and seven days shall you number.
He said, Yahweh has sworn. Yahweh will fight with Amalek continually.
Have any said to God, I have been rebuked, and have not sinned?
The wall of the city was made of acacia wood. The city itself was made of pure gold, like fine twined linen.
There shall be habitation in it, and there shall be no curse any more; and Jerusalem shall be in peace.
When Jesus heard that John was taken into custody, he fled into Galilee.
This shall be a statute forever, and he who sends a man away to laundering shall wash his clothes; and whoever touches the laundering shall be unclean until the evening.
This is the appointed day of Yahweh. Let us rejoice and be glad in this day.
So Judah went, and Yahweh delivered the Canaanites and the Perizzites into their hand.
He said to another, Follow me! He said, Lord, let me go and bury my father.
I have sinned. Why am I laboring in vain?
You shall obey Yahweh your God, and fear him, and keep his commandments, and hear his words, and serve him, and be in peace with him.
Behold, Zion, the city of our feasts! Your eyes shall see Jerusalem as a quiet house, and as a tent of unleavened bread: its bars shall not go forth, nor its cords be broken.
saying, If Esau comes against this great one, then the other great one shall flee.
There you shall remember your ways and your doings, which you have profaned from them, and shall abhor yourselves for all your wickedness which you have done.
When you offer this to Yahweh for your life's sake, don't let the rich go out of it, neither let the poor go out of it, and everyone out of his good cup.
He built an altar there, and called his name Eliel Hohe, and Israel.
Saul's servants rebuked him, saying, So, so, says David.
For I am with you to deliver you, and to utterly destroy the nations from which I have driven you; but to utterly destroy you will I rebuke you, says Yahweh; and I will utterly destroy you, says Yahweh.
They desire to be high in the feasts, And high in the synagogues;
So the people went out to take the camp of the Syrians: and the fine flour was one shekel, and the barley one shekel, according to the word of Yahweh, both of them.
For the house of Israel and the house of Judah play the prostitute against me, says Yahweh.
Cursed be he who sits with him in the chamber. All the people shall say, Amen.
When you have fulfilled all these days, stand on your right hand, and bear the iniquity of the house of Judah; and I will give you forty days, day and year.
Brothers, concerning the Lord's coming and his coming, I will not write in a book.
The inhabitants of the city shall come to the city, and shall say, Let us hurry, and seek the favor of Yahweh, and seek Yahweh of Armies; and if it be me, I will also go.
He makes you humble, and makes you hungry. He feeds you with the manna that you didn't know, with which your fathers didn't know, that you may know that man doesn't live by bread alone, but by all the words of Yahweh's mouth.
Call thus, and I will answer; Or tell me, Answer me.
He has a cloud over the sky. He has prepared the waters for the earth. He has made the mountains swell.
Solomon answered him according to all that he asked him, and there was nothing that Solomon didn't know to tell him.
By the help of the Holy Spirit, you also are made a dwelling place for God.
Thus shall you do, as you have done this day, says Yahweh, to make atonement for you.
For I know that he who redeems me is the living God. He will stand on the ground in the daytime.
But you shall preserve their life for yourselves, even for the young women who are with the men.
Be careful, for you don't know what day is coming to your Lord.
For all hidden things will be revealed. All secret things will be revealed.
The border shall go up from Abbin to the brook of Egypt, and shall go up to the sea.
It happened, when he saw it, that he baked bread on the flame, and a pitcher of water was on his head; and he ate and drank, and fell down afterward.
Sing, you who don't have a son. Sing, you who don't have a son. Sing, you who don't have a son. Sing, you who don't have a son. For a woman who is a widow is a son more than a husband, says Yahweh.
Go up into the mountain, and cut down logs, and build this house; and I will rejoice in it, and be glorified, says Yahweh.
You shall not take it for money, neither shall you take it for bread.
Jeroboam said in his heart, Now will this kingdom be over the house of David.
I have not taken the oxen from your herd, Nor the goats from your flock.
For you don't remember Yahweh your salvation, Nor the rock of your strength: Therefore you know the fig tree of your heart, And the other trees that are therein.
A man comes and tells his master, Don't you plant a good seed in your garden, my brother? Where are the vines?'
When he came to a place of refuge in the morning, a multitude came to him, and when they found him, they left him, saying, Don't let him go from them.
Sing to Yahweh, praise his name! Declare his salvation day and night!
His forest and the glory of his fruitful land have consumed him from the soul even to the flesh; and the world is become as a man who is sick, and perishes.
The king's counsellors, who carried the king's letters, and his princes, went through the land of Israel and Judah, according to the king's commandment, and said, Return again to Yahweh, the God of Israel, you children of Israel; and he will return to the remnant of the kings of Assyria from under the hand of the kings of Assyria.
As a whirlwind passes by, As a whirlwind whirls down six streams.
You shall do no other work; it shall be a statute forever throughout your generations in all your dwellings.
The false prophets speak of the world. Therefore the world listened to them.
He will cut off all the horns of the wicked. The horns of the righteous will be lifted up.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: For Zion have I great wrath; For her have I great wrath.
I will give you the treasures of the throne, and the treasures of the secret, that you may know that your name is mine, Yahweh, the God of Israel.
This testimony is that God has given us eternal life, which is from his Son.
This was done in Israel by evil, and he wasn't God. The bull of Samaria was greatly struck.
For many things have multiplied vanity. What profit is there to a man?
Blessed be Yahweh your God, who delights in you, that you may be his word, that you may reign over Yahweh your God; for your God loves Israel, and wants to establish it forever: therefore make you king over them, that you may do righteously.
Why do you cry out for your wounds? You can't bear your affliction. Because your iniquities are great, and your sins are many, therefore have I dealt with you with these things.
It happened, when they had made an end of singing and singing, that they said, Saul has slain thousands, but David has slain thousands.' Isn't this David who spoke?
He sees the earth, and the earth trembles. He touches the mountain, and the mountain emits smoke.
It happened in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah the son of Elishah, a king's brother, and a king's servant, brought ten men to Mizpah, to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam: and they ate together in Mizpah.
Lift up your eyes, and see the sun, and they shall gather themselves to you. Your sons shall come far off, and your daughters shall be taken.
The plague of leprosy shall be in his clothing, and his hair shall be bald, and he shall cover the lips of his mouth with a loud voice, saying, Unclean, unclean.'
Moses and Aaron did this to the Levites; and all that Yahweh commanded Moses to go to the Levites, so did the children of Israel to all the congregation of the children of Israel.
He shall perish from his place. He shall be a snare.
God destroyed the seven peoples who were in the land of Canaan, and gave them the land for an inheritance, about four hundred fifty years.
This day you have seen with your eyes, that today you are in the midst of the earth, and Yahweh has delivered you into my hand: and they have called me to kill you; but I love you; and I say, I will not stretch out my hand against my lord, because he is Yahweh's anointed.
He gave them a certain authority.
We have set a statute for ourselves, that every man in the year he shall take the three shekels of a shekel, for the service of the house of our God;
Paul fell down at his feet, and fell on his body, and fell on his face, and said to him, Don't worry, for he is alive.
I said to him, What do the two branches of the olive tree, which speak to the two branches of gold, do with the oil of gold?
He fills the cloud with blood, And sends lightning out of the cloud.
Then the Gentiles and the Jews conspired with their rulers against the apostles, to stone them with stones.
But if they also take their armor with you, then they shall possess the land of Canaan from among you.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, As for the prophets whom I have spoken in my name, I have not sent them; yet they say, This land shall not be struck by the sword and by the famine; but the prophets shall perish by the sword and by the famine.
The king shall be his friend, Whom the pure in heart speaks gracious words.
He shall enter into a land of glory, and many nations shall make him fall; but the honorable men of Edom and Moab and of the children of Ammon shall escape out of his hand.
But as for me, the secret will be revealed to me, not because I am wiser than all the living, but that I may make known to the king the interpretation of it, and that you may know the interpretation of your heart.
So I bought a belt, and girded myself, according to the word of Yahweh.
Yahweh said to me in the days of Josiah the king, Have you seen what rebellious Israel has done? He has played the prostitute under all the green trees.
For God knows that in the day that you eat, your eyes will be opened, and you will discern sin as God has discerned.
For he first chose those who were chosen, and first established them with the image of his Son, that he might be first among his brothers.
The king said, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, for he has given me a man to speak to me this day, and my eyes have seen him.
Moreover you will send messengers to those who are far off. When the messenger comes to them, behold, they come. You wash their bodies, and clothe yourselves with sackcloth for their eyes,
You shall tell them, Thus shall I do to you, as I live, says Yahweh, when I shall speak to my soul.
Now I am going to him who sent me. There is none among you who says to me, Where are you going?'
All the people cried out, and said, We will do all that Yahweh says. Moses blessed Yahweh in the words of all the people.
Then the king of Israel called all the elders of the land, and said to them, Behold, this man spies out a way to harm me; and he has sent to me, and has desired my wife, and my children, and my silver and my gold; and I didn't inform him.
Then the stars of the morning sang together, and all the children of God lifted up their voices with joy.
Therefore the inhabitants of the land are very strong, and they are dismayed and confounded; they are as the grass of the wilderness, and as the green grass, as the grass of the housetops, and as the vine that doesn't grow in the field.
Strength and majesty are his. He walks in the heights of peace.
Abijah put together a band of forty thousand men who were mighty men of valor; and Jeroboam put together a band of eighty thousand mighty men who were mighty men of valor.
You shall not eat the flesh of those who are abominable to you; neither shall you eat the flesh of those who are abominable.
So David gave Ornan six hundred shekels of gold for the land.
Remember the promise of your servant, For you have given me hope.
Jesus said to God, I will proclaim your name to my brothers, and will praise your name before the congregation.
The priest shall burn them on the altar for an offering made by fire to Yahweh: it is a trespass offering.
Son of man, prophesy to the mountains of Israel, saying, Hear the word of Yahweh, mountains of Israel.
I have fought against you with flint and with scorpions; and the fruit of your fields, and the fruit of your vines, and the fig trees, and the olive trees, have I given to the pestilence; yet you have not returned to me.
Then the fear of Yahweh arose, and said, Yahweh hears, and has written before him a book of memories, for the fear of Yahweh, and for the memory of his name.
Come to me, help me, and let us go, and strike Gibeon; for he has made a covenant with Joshua and with Israel.
It happened, when he had set up the garrison of robbers in the land of Edom, that all the Edomites subdued David; and Yahweh strengthened David wherever he went.
the ten oxen that were in the midst of the herd, the twenty oxen that were in the field, the one hundred sheep, the young rams, the rams, and the fat family.
Moses was forty years old when he set his eyes on the house of his brother Israel.
Yahweh, the God of Israel, there is no god in heaven, nor in the earth, as you did in your covenant with your servants, who went before you with all their heart.
You shall not sell the fruit of the vine, nor gather the ripe fruit of the vine: it shall be for the needy, and for the foreigner. I am Yahweh your God.
They shall be your ministers, and your ministers in tents; but they shall not come near the vessels of the sanctuary, nor near the altar, that they not die with you.
The depth of the house that was before the temple was forty cubits.
Don't you know that we are all baptized into Christ Jesus, to be baptized into him?
Esther's counsel and her supplication came to him: and the king was grieved, and took off his clothes, and put them on Mordecai, and took off his robe; but he took it.
My purpose is to speak to you, and to tell you before the men who are with me, and before the elders of my people: if you will redeem it, redeem it; and if you will not redeem it, tell me; for you have no other to redeem it; and he answered, I will redeem it.
Every man had blue, purple, scarlet, linen, goats' hair, and skin on the skin of the sheep, and skin on the seals.
Yahweh did according to the word of Moses: and all the fawns of the field died in the house, and in the court.
So all Israel departed from David, and went after Sheba the son of Bichri: but all Judah stayed after his king from the Jordan to Jerusalem.
When the kings of Hadarezer saw that they were slain before Israel, they cooperated with Israel, and subdued them: and the Syrians would not help the children of Ammon any more.
David commanded to gather together the strangers who lived in the land of Israel, and to set apart the thorns of the rocks, to build the house of Yahweh.
Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and the rest of the people, escaped from the hand of Johanan, and fled to the children of Ammon.
One of the young men ran and told Moses, saying, Ildad and Barak prophesy in the camp.
There is a way that is right in your eyes, But there is a way that leads to death.
For he doesn't allow any to come to him concerning men's affairs, because he knows the hearts of men.
You shall not eat the blood of a bird, or of an animal, in all your dwellings.
David went and struck Moab, and put them on the ground; and he measured with the rod, and measured two lengths of cord, and put him to death; and he measured one length of cord, and lived. The Moabites turned to David, and glorified him.
Ask a sign from Yahweh your God, That he may ask him in the deep, and in the high places.
Turn us, Yahweh, to you, and we will turn again. Refresh our days, as in the days of old.
Run out of Jerusalem, men of Benjamin, and blow a trumpet in Tecumah, and let the smoke go out of Beth Hachimerem; for evil and great destruction are come down from the north.
Some of them will go as fast as a sword, And will go as fast as a sword, And will devour the afflicted of the earth, And the poor of the world.
Then the king will tell those who are on the other side, Depart from me, you cursed men, and enter into the eternal fire which the devil and his angels have prepared for you.
For we are not many who slander the word of God, but one faithful man, sent by God, who prophesies in Christ.
We will cut down trees from Lebanon, as you desire, and put them in baskets in the sea, and will bring them to Joppa; and you shall bring them to Jerusalem.
Daniel said, Behold, I have seen visions in the night; and behold, the four winds of the sky are whirling, and they are blowing on the great sea.
A snare is not right for a fugitive, Nor a fugitive for a fugitive.
He broke down his yoke like a flower, And destroyed the place of his assembly. The appointed feasts and the Sabbaths are forgotten in Zion. Yahweh has made it so, And has defied kings and priests in his wrath.
Then he looked at those who sat around him, and said, These are my mother and my brothers.
Yahweh was angry with Aaron, to destroy him; and I also prayed for Aaron that same hour.
For this reason, I have set my heart on you, that you may be blessed in yourselves.
They didn't understand the saying, for they had hidden it from them, so that they couldn't understand it. They didn't ask him any more questions about the saying.
It happened on the third day after the children of Israel had come forth out of the land of Egypt, in the second month, that they came into the wilderness of Sinai.
Remember what happened to his wife.
So Nathan went and told David according to these words and according to these consolations.
For everyone of you has the right to proclaim the word of God, to learn and to teach one another.
They shall teach Jacob your law, and Israel your law: and they shall put incense before you, and all these burnt offerings on your altar.
and they followed the children of Israel into the dungeon, and struck two men, the men who struck the man and the woman in the belly: so the plague ceased among the children of Israel.
The king gave to the king one hundred twenty talents of gold, and many spices, and precious stones; and no spices were given to the king, as did the king of Solomon give to Sheba.
Moses and Aaron went in, and said to Pharaoh, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Let my people go, that they may watch for me in the wilderness.
Every herd, and every flock, and every firstborn, and every work, you shall sanctify to Yahweh your God: the firstborn of any herd shall not work, nor the firstborn of any flock shall have no gate.
Therefore don't set your face against one another in a feast, or in a feast, or on a Sabbath, or on a Sabbath day.
You have killed many in this city, And filled the streets with dead bodies.
Tamar said to her, Don't do so; for you shall drive me out, and persecute me more than you did to me. But Amnon would not listen to him.
Judge your servants in heaven, and put the iniquity of the wicked on his head, and the righteousness of the righteous on his righteousness.
Thus says Yahweh to me: Can a man fall, and not rise up? Or can a man run, and not return?
He led them through the desert, and they didn't find them. He brought forth waters out of the rock, and the rock was broken, and waters came out. The wicked shall not be in peace, says Yahweh.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, You shall not go down to your bed again, but shall surely die.' He went.
Then Hanani the prophet came to Asa king of Judah, and said to him, Because you trust in the king of Syria, and don't trust in Yahweh your God, therefore the army of the king of Syria has escaped out of your hand.
Don't let him who is in trouble say, I am blasphemed by God; for God doesn't blaspheme, neither does he himself blaspheme.
Let one evil man rule over him, And one enemy stand on his right hand.
In the twelveth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel began Ahaziah the son of Joram king of Judah to reign.
Asa did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh his God, and did it uprightly:
The wisdom of God is exceedingly deep, and the knowledge exceedingly abundant. His judgments are exceedingly broad, His ways exceedingly narrow.
Then arose Eliashib the high priest, and his brothers the priests, and built the sheep gate, and sanctified it, and set up the doors of it, to the tower of Hameath, and to the tower of Hananel, and sanctified them.
He made the hooks of the one thousand seven hundred seventy-five shekels of silver; and he overlaid them with the hooks, and made their hooks.
Take heed to David your servant, And don't forsake your anointed king.
I was alive before there was no law, until the commandment came down, and the waters arose, and I died.
The king and his men came to Jerusalem against the Jebusites who lived in the land: and they said to David, If you don't cut off the blind and the lame, you shall not enter into the land. They said, David shall not enter into the land.
From the first day even to the last day Ezra read the law of Yahweh every day: and all the people were baptized seven days, and to the eighth day a solemn assembly, according to the ordinance.
Behold, I am doing a new thing: don't you know it? I will open a way in the wilderness, and a river in the desert.
Turn my eyes from falsehood, That I may walk in your ways, and live.
These are those who are called by God to be witnesses of Jesus Christ.
For the Canaanite, and all the inhabitants of the land, heard it, and they surrounded us, and cut off our name from the surface of the earth. What would you do for your great name?
You will make a covenant, which you promised to David your servant, my father. You will speak with your mouth, and will declare it with your hands, as it is this day.
Know that Yahweh is God. We are his creation, and we are his. We are his people, and the sheep of his pasture.
The king said, Where is the son of your master? Ziba answered the king, He is still in Jerusalem; for he said, The children of Israel will restore me this day the kingdom of my father.
The rising of the sun shall be a spring of water, and the dry land a spring of waters. In the slums of the valleys shall be green grass, and figs, and figs.
Greet one another with a holy offering. All the assemblies of Christ greet you.
He cut off the words of Maacah, his mother's brother, because he had made abominable images for Asherah. Asa took his images, and burned them by the brook Kidron.
Yahweh said to Moses, Don't be afraid of them; for I have delivered him into your hand, and all his people, and all his land: do to him as you have done to Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwells in Heshbon.
Jesus answered them, You have said it, but I tell you, from now on you will see the Son of Man coming down on the right hand of the Almighty, in the cloud of the sky.
In the second year of Asa king of Judah began Nadab the son of Jeroboam to reign over Israel; and he reigned two years in Israel.
You, Yahweh, have seen; for evil, and for evil, you will look, and recompense with your hand: the uncircumcised will give themselves to you. You will always help the fatherless.
Most assuredly I tell you, there is none better than John the Baptizer, whom the little ones in the Kingdom of Heaven are better than he.
But if the plague strikes a man, he stirs up those who don't sin.
and you shall teach your children in this way: whether you sit in your house, or walk by the way, or lie down, or rise;
He who deals graciously with the wicked learns righteousness, But in the uprightness of the land he does unrighteously, And doesn't listen to the voice of Yahweh.
Nabal answered the servants of David, Who is David? Who is the son of Jesse? Many of his servants came and rebelled against his master.
For you have rebelled against him, and your spirit has perished.
The screen for the gate of the court was of fine twined work, of blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen, twenty cubits, and five cubits, with the base of the court.
Moses said, The great men who walk with me shall be sixty thousand; and you shall say, I will give them flesh to eat, until the end of the month.'
As he who gathers grain gathers it, And cuts it with his hand, As he who gathers wheat in the valley of Rephaim.
They took him, and commanded him to be bound with two chains of iron, and to ask him who he was, and what he would do.
Ben Hadad and the kings drank wine in their tents; and when they heard these words, they said to his servants, Set your battle against the city. They set their battle against the city.
So I will pass through many months of vanity, And the night of my weeping will set me free.
Who was he who was angry in forty years? Didn't those who sinned die in the wilderness?
It happened after these things, that God would testify against Abraham, and he called him, and said, Abraham. He said, Here am I.
Yahweh spoke to Aaron, saying,
I have made a covenant with you, as with my father and with your father: now have I given you silver and gold for a present: take away the covenant that you made with Baasha king of Israel, and let him go from me.
The wicked is not so; he is like a hawk, which is scattered away in the wind.
For it will be a long time, and I will walk in a way that will return no more.
Therefore you shall tell the children of Israel, I am Yahweh; and I will bring you out of the dungeon which the Egyptians have given you; and I will deliver you out of the affliction which they have afflicted you: and I will redeem you with the remnant of my hand and with a great judgment.
Yahweh said to his people, Behold, I will give you grain and new wine and oil, and you shall eat; and I will no more make you a reproach among the nations.
They are foolish, and will answer no more. They have no words to say.
For I have declared to you the will of God.
Of the children of Reuben, and of the children of Gad, and of the half-tribe of Manasseh, eastward of the Jordan, with all the weapons of war, twenty-two thousand.
You also, being husbands, shall dwell with your own wives, and shall enlarge their flesh; and you shall honor them; for they also shall inherit the grace of life, which is in you; so that your prayer shall not fail.
Some of those who had been possessed by demons, and some of those who had been afflicted by demons to Jesus, were with them, including Mary Magdalene. From this Mary he cast out seven arks.
so that they shall not gather wood out of the field, nor cut it out of the forest; for they shall burn incense with kerosene; and they shall take away those who take it, and take away those who take it, says the Lord Yahweh.
but didn't inquire of Yahweh; therefore Yahweh killed him, and gave his kingdom to David the son of Jesse.
Therefore I heard that you have faith in the Lord Jesus, and love toward all the saints,
Moses, because he had faith, didn't fear the king's wrath, and departed from Egypt, as he saw the God whom man didn't see: therefore he was afraid, and wouldn't go back.
As Ebah was deceived with her supplication, Lest your heart be deceived, and forsake the purity and the truth of Christ.
So Noah did, and did according to all the commandment of Yahweh.
He said to him the third time, Simon, son of Jonah, do you love me more than these? But Peter was very sad because of him, and said to him, Lord, you know all things, that I have affection for you. He said to him, Feed my sheep.
Behold, the labor of all men is burnt up with fire; and the labor of the nations to the weeping is vanity; isn't it of Yahweh of Armies?
If they say, Arise, and come up to us;' then we go up; for Yahweh has delivered them into our hand, and this word shall be our witness.
and to make the multitude of the people know that Yahweh doesn't deliver by the sword, nor by the spear; for the battle is with Yahweh, and he will deliver you into our hand.
But a voice comes out of heaven, like a great wind, that fills the houses where they are.
In the thirty-ninth year of Azariah king of Judah began Menadah the son of Gad to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned eleven years.
You shall be ministers of the sanctuary, and ministers of the altar; lest wrath return on the children of Israel.
These three were Noah's sons, who filled the land with their seed from their generation.
You shall not steal; but you shall discern between the ten, that the teaching of our Savior, God, may be glorified in all the earth.
A time in the streets, And a time in broad places; And a time in every cave.
You shall drive your enemies away, And they shall fall by the sword before you.
Joshua struck king Amalek and his people with the edge of the sword.
Listen now, you rich men, for your troubles are at hand. Weep and weep.
Saul said, Because I have sinned, please honor me before my people's elders, and before the children of Israel, that I may worship Yahweh your God.
When the nations heard these things, they rejoiced greatly, and glorified the word of God. All those who are chosen by God for eternal life are saints.
So all the people passed over the Jordan, and the king passed over: and the king kissed Barzillai, and blessed him; and he returned to his place.
But when I was accepted, I prayed to Yahweh your God. Answer me, God, according to your abundant loving kindness, and according to your truth's salvation.
To the gate of the king's house he came; for whoever was clothed in sackcloth couldn't enter into the gate of the king's house.
Jesus said to them, Do the will of him who sent me, and execute his work, which is my bread.
As it is written, I am with Jacob, and not with Esau.
Behold, these who belong to the synagogue of Satan are thousands of Jews, but they speak falsehood. I will cause them to fall down before your feet, and will make them know that I love you.
The king took Esther the rod of gold, and Esther stood before the king, and said,
Joshua stood outside with twelve stones in the midst of the Jordan, where the priests who bore the ark stood; and they were there to this day.
When they had no water to drink, they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron.
For the law is incompatibility, and it is impossible for God to do it; for God has made his own Son to be a reproach to us for sins, to judge sins by his flesh, and to put them away, for the sake of the soul who is to be saved from sins and death.
How long will you prophesy? Hold your peace, and we will tell you.
Arise, God, judge the world; For you shall possess all nations.
I will strike the Assyrians in my land, and tread them down on my mountain: and his yoke shall depart from my people, and his yoke shall depart from the shoulders of my people.
The demon, when he has departed from him, seeks a resting place in the uncleanness of the earth, but he doesn't find it.
The lord of the vineyards came to destroy the farmers, and to give the land to strangers. When they heard these words, they said, You shall not do so.
My son, hear the instruction of your father. Don't forsake your mother's teaching.
Jacob returned from Paddan Aram, and came in peace to Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, and set his tent before it.
Menahem slept with his fathers; and Pekahiah his son reigned in his place.
Some of the scribes and Pharisees were watching, to see if he was sick on the Sabbath day, or if he was seeking a cure.
But I don't desire to see you doing this, because you are disputing the word and the understanding of your law.
After the death of Joash the son of Jehoahaz king of Israel, Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah lived fifteen years.
The tribes of Israel sent and told the tribes of Benjamin, saying, What evil thing has been done among you?
He said, Father, forgive them, for they don't know what they do. They took hold of him, and split his clothes.
My wife has abhorred my tent of meeting. My neighbors have abhorred my tent of meeting.
The children of Israel went out after their way out of the wilderness of Sinai, and the cloud remained in the wilderness of Paran.
Blessed are your men! Blessed are your servants! They stand before you always, to hear your wisdom.
But because of the wrath of Yahweh of Armies, which our fathers had shown, he delivered them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon into the Chaldeans; and the king tore the house, and carried the people to Babylon.
Behold, the days are come, behold, the evil is come forth, and the arrows are opened, and the pride is poured out.
You shall shout against him round about; he is fallen; his stronghold is fallen; the wall of his city is broken down; for it is a vengeance of Yahweh: you shall avenge him; as he has vengeance against man, so shall you vengeance against him.
King Josiah said to his servants, Let me go out; for I am wounded.
I will not go to do that which I love, but to do that which I don't desire.
I am Yahweh your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt. Open your mouth, and I will satisfy you.
When Jesus had said this, he blew the trumpet to them, saying, Receive the Holy Spirit.
Saul and all the people who were with him gathered themselves together, and came to the battle; and behold, every man of the Philistines was slaughtered with the edge of the sword.
But he who is selfish seeks what he desires, And seeks all wisdom.
With all your heart, receive instruction, and listen to the voice of wisdom.
He taught them many things in parables. He said to them,
Let each one of you appoint his neighbor, and don't trust in his brother; for he is all a deceiver, and his neighbor is all a blasphemer.
I am a foreigner living as a foreigner on the earth. Don't hide your commandments from me.
The remnant of Yahweh will return. They will sing to Zion. They will be crowned with eternal joy. They will be glad and rejoice. Their sorrows will flee away.
The sixth angel took it, and threw it into the river Euphrates, and immediately the river dried up, and prepared it for the kings who came out of the east wind.
I will pray in the land with my eyes, And with my ears to hear.
Thus have I come to you in the sanctuary, To see your power and your glory.
When I had delivered the horse to Baruch the son of Neriah, I prayed to Yahweh, saying,
Yahweh, you have multiplied the people, and multiplied the kingdom. You have been glorified, and have extended this land to the ends of the earth.
Then Jesus said, Father, I thank you, Lord of heaven, for you have sealed up these things from the wisdom and understanding, and have revealed them to the little ones.
Jesus answered them, Because I said to you, Have you believed me, that I saw you under the fig tree? have you seen greater things than these?
David said to Jonathan, Tomorrow is the first day, and I want to sit with the king. Please let me hide myself in the field until the third day.
They sat with him on the ground seven days and seven nights, and spoke no word with him; for they saw that his affliction was great.
They set a feast, they set a watch, they eat, and they drink. Arise, you princes, and anoint your shields.
No one takes a new garment without iniquity, and if it is done so, it will be redeemed with a new garment, but it will be worse.
The king burned up the words which Baruch had written to Jeremiah: and the word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah, saying,
Don't hide your loving kindness from me, Yahweh. Keep me always in your loving kindness and in your truth.
My brothers have justified me as the brook, As the brook that flows through;
Why do they preach, if they are not sent? For as it is written, The footstool of those who preach the Good News is the footstool of beauty.
For the days of Yahweh are near to all the kingdoms of the earth; and as you have done, so shall you do; and on your head shall you do.
He spoke parables to them, saying, A man of a certain species went out to plant, and while he was growing, a dove was by the roadside, and it was fed to the people who passed by, and the birds of the sky fed them.
You are good, and your works are good. Teach me your statutes.
He set tents on the tabernacle, and covered them with the covering of the tent, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Haven't the God of the ears of the ear heard? Haven't the God of the eyes of the Maker seen?
He took up the scroll, and restored the synagogues, and sat down. All the synagogues looked at him.
The Philistines stood on this mountain, and the children of Israel on that mountain; and there was a valley in the midst of it.
We have a younger sister. What shall we do for our younger sister, until they speak of the days of old?
He said to me, Son of man, come up to the house of Israel, and speak my word to them.
They brought me a ladle of silver. They gave him a ladle of silver.
He took the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and the treasures of the king's house, from there; and all the treasures of the house of Yahweh, which Solomon king of Israel had made, he broke down, according to the word of Yahweh:
You have separated my friends far from me. They have abhorred me. I am locked up, I can't go out.
and of the flesh, and of the bones, and of the flesh, and of the spices, and of the spices, and of the spices, and of the wine, and of the oil, and of the fine flour, and of the wheat, and of the ox, and of the sheep, and of the horse, and of the chariot, and of the servant, and of the spirit of the man.
It will happen in one day that they themselves will be freed from the wrath of destruction, to enjoy the honor of glory with the children of God.
Zedekiah the king swore to Jeremiah secretly, saying, The living God, the God of our life, I have sworn to him: I will not kill you, neither will I deliver you into the hand of those who seek your life.
Yahweh said to Moses, When will you not keep my commandment and my law?
The wilderness and the dry land shall rejoice. The desert shall rejoice, and be full of flowers.
When I was glorified in Pharaoh, and in his chariots and in his horsemen, the Egyptians knew that I was Yahweh.
I tell you, I will no more eat this bread in the Kingdom of God.
So the heavens ceased, as they did in the book. The mountains and the sand of the sea shook away from their place.
God is faithful, who called you to be with his Son, and with our Lord Jesus Christ.
Yahweh said to Moses, I will blot out the name of Amalek from under the sky: write this thing in a book, and write it in the ears of Joshua.
Elisha said, Bring a sack of bread. He put the sack of bread on the table, and said, Bring it out, that they may eat. There was no bread in the table.
The men who built this city for their goods stood afar off, because they were afraid, because of the affliction of the city: therefore they mourned and wept afar off.
For dreams are many, and prophecies many, but they are vanity; but fear God.
When they had drunk all the wine, his mother said to him, They didn't drink.
We hope for peace, but not for good. We hope for good, but fear.
The fig tree answered, Should I leave my sweet and healing fruit, and go and dance on the trees?'
When I tell you my way, you answer me. Teach me your statutes.
If any man sins unwittingly, he shall offer a male goat a year old for a sin offering.
Didn't Hezekiah cut off the high places of Yahweh, and his altars, and command Judah and Jerusalem, saying, Worship before this altar, and burn incense on it?
For Jesus was not a angel, but of the seed of Abraham.
There were eight boards, and ten sockets of silver; and under each board were two sockets.
In the fourth month, on the first day of the month, the famine was severe in the city, so that there was no bread for the people of the land.
Jesus, perceiving in his heart that they marveled because of this, said to them, Are these words against you?
Yahweh will deal with them, as he dealt with the two kings of the Amorites, whom he destroyed: Sihon, Og, and their land.
Rehoboam took ten wives and sixty daughters; and he bore twenty-eight sons and sixty daughters: but he loved Maacah the daughter of Absalom more than all the wives and the daughters.
Declare you in Judah, and prophesy in Jerusalem, saying, Sing you a trumpet in the land, and cry, Gather yourselves together, that we may enter into the fortified cities.
There you will find gods made by the hands of men, wood and stone, which you can't see, nor hear, nor eat, nor drink.
Before the fleeing man came, the hand of Yahweh was on me in the evening, and he opened my mouth: and it happened in the morning, that the man came to me, and my mouth was opened, and there was no more blemish in my mouth.
David strove before Yahweh with all his heart: and David made an ephod of fine twined linen.
Sing to Yahweh, all the earth. Sing praises with a loud voice.
A voice was heard in the wilderness, saying, Prepare your way for the Lord, and keep his ways straight.
But I will tell you these things, that you may remember the things which I told you. I didn't tell you in the first place, because I was still with you.
He burnt incense on the day that he served the Baals, and covered himself with sackcloth and other reeds, after his beloved, so that he didn't forget me: therefore will I punish him, says Yahweh.
The Philistines pursued after Saul and his sons; and the Philistines killed Jonathan, and Abinadab, and Malchishua, Saul's sons.
For the idols of the house are lies, and the visions of the magicians are false, and the dreams of the magicians are a snare to men. Therefore they are confused as sheep, and are afflicted because there is no shepherd.
David said, Yahweh, the God of Israel, your servant has surely heard that Saul wanted to come to Keilah, to destroy this city for my sake.
Why have you brought us forth out of Egypt into this wicked place? There is no place to eat or to drink, There is no fig tree, There is no grape, There is no fig tree, There is no water to drink.
Behold, now they have recompensed us, and driven us out of your inheritance, which you have given us to possess it.
They took it, and cast it into the pit; and the pit was dry, and there was no water therein.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Therefore he who is in all spirit among us, let him have a different mind. If there is a different mind among you, God will also show you this.
You shall speak before Yahweh your God, saying, I have given the holy thing out of my house, and have given it to the Levites, and to the foreigners, and to the fatherless, according to all the commandment which you have commanded me: I have not seen nor forgotten your commandment.
If you offer a lamb for a present, you shall offer it before Yahweh.
and the lampstand of pure gold, and its lampstand, that you may set before the ruler.
Therefore will I show you the house which I have called by my name, and the land which I have given to you and to your fathers, as I did to Shiloh.
The serpent is the living creature of all that Yahweh God has made in the field. The serpent said to the woman, Didn't God say, You shall not eat of all the trees of the field?
It happened about that time, that the king of Helud laid his hand on some of the assembly,
If there be in your gates a dispute, or bloodshed, or strife, or a scourge, that you don't know to judge, rise up, and go to the place which Yahweh your God shall choose.
It happened, when I offered the evening meal, that I arose from my side, and tore my garments, and laid my hands on them, and lifted up my hand toward Yahweh my God, saying,
I regard my brothers, and my bones. If it is for them, let me be forsaken by God, and walk with Christ, and let me be free.
Then the prince of the house was about to kill him, and we took him, that he might be judged by our own law.
Then Joshua called all Israel, and their elders, and their heads of fathers' houses, and their judges, and their rulers, and all the men of war; and he said to them, I have been a man of many years.
Watch over those who are put in prison, as with them. Watch over those who are mocked, as you are mocked.
whoever hears the sound of the trumpet, and doesn't obey the commandment, if the sword comes and destroys him, his sin shall be on his head.
The nations shall see your righteousness. The kings shall see your glory. You shall be called by a new name, which Yahweh has called by his mouth.
In that day they shall come from Assyria to the cities of Egypt, from Egypt to the great river, from the sea to the sea, from the mountain to the mountain;
When he heard that he was coming from Judea into Galilee, he went and begged him to bring down his son, who was at Capernaum, because his son was about to die.
The four angels, who had been let go, set themselves to do good in the morning, and in the day, and in the month, and in the year, to kill three tenths of the men who were killed.
You shall have also many evils, and stones, and thorns, and all manner of work, for all manner of work.
The border shall go down from Shepham to Riblah on the east of the Aiman; and it shall go down to the east of the king of Kinneroth.
Woe to you, lord! Are you like the dust, who burns? Is it his God who makes, that you should be his God, saying, He isn't mine? Or is it his God, that you should be his, saying, He isn't wise?'
Isn't it you who are with me? You are my neighbor, My friend who is with me.
They struck the cities of Gerar round about, because Yahweh made them afraid. They took all their cities, because there was much spoil in them.
The third name was Tiglath, which is on the east side of Assyria. The fourth name was Euphrates.
It happened, when he had eaten, that Boaz said to him, Come and eat bread, and take your bread with you. He sat down by the way of the reapers, and he gave him a good measure of honey. He ate, but there was not enough. He arose, and went to gather wheat.
Let the salvation of Israel come out of Zion. When Yahweh brings back his captives, Jacob shall rejoice, and Israel shall be glad.
On the top of the pillars were pillars of brass, five cubits high; and round about the pillars were wreaths and pomegranates, all of brass; and on the second pillars were wreaths and pomegranates.
I will strengthen the house of Judah, and will save the house of Joseph, and will bring them again; for I have compassion on them; and they shall be as I have not forsaken; for I am Yahweh their God, and I will love them.
You shall make curtains of goats' hair for the tent of meeting, the twelfth part of it.
He looked down from his throne, And looked at all the people who were on the earth.
Your children shall return quickly. Those who destroy you and those who make you desolate shall go out from you.
For I said, Your loving kindness will be established forever. Your faithfulness will be established in heaven.
Yahweh said to Moses, Joshua the son of Nun has a holy spirit in him: bring him, and lay your hand on him.
All who rose up from Egypt twenty years old and upward couldn't see the land which I swore to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, because they didn't follow me with all their heart.
They said, Please set a king over us, who will judge our face. It was not pleasant for Samuel; and Samuel prayed to Yahweh.
The Spirit lifted me up, and brought me from the spirit of God into the captivity of the Chaldeans in the vision; and the vision which I saw went from me.
He ate bread in Levi's house. Many tax collectors and sinners ate bread with him, because many followed him.
so that he doesn't walk naked, but his belly is full of hunger.
Jephthah said to them, Behold, I am come with my people, and with the children of Ammon; but you haven't delivered me out of their hand.
I have prepared for the house of Yahweh ten thousand talents of gold, and one hundred thousand talents of silver, brass and iron, so that they can't be found, because of many; and I have prepared wood and stone, and you shall add to them.
Arise, go! This is not your resting place; for the earth has been destroyed, and its destruction is severe.
Jesus answered them, If God doesn't give you authority, you have no authority to punish me. Therefore, if you give me to someone else, his sin is greater.
He took two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, according to his strength: one for a sin offering, and one for a burnt offering.
When he had come to hear Paul's words, he looked at him, and saw that he had faith, that he might be healed.
though these three men were among them, says the Lord Yahweh: As I live, they shall not save their children, but themselves shall be delivered.
Yahweh said to me, Don't be afraid of her; for I have delivered her, and her people, and her land, into your hand: do to them as you did to Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwell in Heshbon.
After this he revealed himself again to the five hundred brothers: those who were dead have died, but those who were dead have lived.
If a priest buys a man, and he buys silver, that man shall eat the holy thing; and he who is born in his house shall eat his bread.
Wisdom therefore will lead you in the way of the righteous. It will give you a foothold in the way of the righteous.
It shall happen on the third day, that you shall go down quickly to the place where you hid yourself, and wait on the rock of the Red Sea.
The vow of the ruler's wife, and the vows of your wife, and the words of her covenant, shall be in her.
Let them judge the people from time to time, and let them come to you, that they may judge themselves; and you shall be less burdensome, and they shall bear with you.
It happened, when Apollos was about to go to Achaia, that the brothers of Ephesus commended him, and wrote letters to the disciples of Achaia to receive him; and when he had come there, great help was given to those who trusted in the grace of God,
Yahweh prepared a great herd against Jonah; and Jonah stayed in the herd three days and three nights.
For he loved your fathers, and chose their seed, and brought you forth out of Egypt with a mighty hand,
He commanded them, saying, You shall not bring a reed, but a rod; you shall not bring bread; you shall not bring money on the earth; you shall not put money on the waist;
Samson went down with his father and his mother to Timnah, and came to the vineyard of Timnah: and it was so, that a lion came and roared at him.
He said, Two men came in and prayed in the temple, one Pharisee, and one tax collector.
If a man's skin is reddish-white, or if a rash has spread on his skin, and is turned into a leprosy in his skin, then he shall be brought before Aaron the priest, or before one of his sons.
and said to him, Go, tell the young man, Jerusalem shall be inhabited, as the incense that is not in the wall; for there are many in the midst of it, both man and animal.
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
The burden of Edom, the Lord Yahweh, says the Lord Yahweh: We have heard from Yahweh news, and angels have sent to the nations, saying, Arise, let us rise up and fight with him.
When I saw him, I fell down at his feet with the dead; and he struck me with his right hand, and said, Don't be afraid, for I am the first and the last.
Jacob tore his clothes, and put sackcloth on his waist, and mourned for his son many days.
But the children of Manasseh were not able to drive out the people of the cities: and the Canaanites sought to dwell in the land.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
May the Lord of peace give you everlasting peace in all things. May the Lord be with you all.
Go to my father's house, and to my relatives, and take a wife for my son.'
What will I do when God is lifted up? What will I answer when he asks questions?
It happened, when the Lord saw it, that he took mercy on him, saying, Don't weep.
They said, We have taken up the field and the vineyard, and gathered silver for the king's sake.
It happened at evening, that he came with the twelve.
They went up to the mountain, and stayed there three days, until the men who pursued them returned; and the men who pursued them sought them, but they didn't find them.
It will happen from evening until morning, that the cloud will be lifted up, and in the morning they will go out; and in the day and in the night, that the cloud will be lifted up, and they will go out.
Then Naaman was angry, and wept, and said, I think that he will come out to me, and stand and cry to the name of Yahweh his God, and swing his hand in the midst of the calamity, and heal the leprosy.
Do you think that I come to peace on the earth? I tell you, but it isn't.
For though you are yet in a dreadful affliction, rejoice in this, even though you are yet in a dreadful affliction.
As it is written, For your sakes we have been a great slaughter all day long. We have become a prey to those who are about to be slain.
The righteous shall inherit the land of promise, And dwell therein forever.
Keep me from the snares of my snares, From the snares of the wicked.
You shall set the Levites before Aaron, and before his sons, and shall offer them for a wave offering to Yahweh.
Therefore the book of the battle of Yahweh says, Ahab Phik of Sodom, and the valleys of the Arnon;
Let him who rejoice be joined to him who mourns. Let him who mourns be joined to him who is grieved.
But he said, Why do we hide ourselves in the daytime?
God spoke to Noah and to his sons, saying,
Persecute the Midianites, And strike them with the sword;
I pledge to you, God, a sacrifice of peace offerings.
The elders of Gilead answered Jephthah, Yahweh is a witness among us, and we will do according to your word.
He has set his throne on high. He has laid the cloud on it.
They said to him, Where is Sarah your wife? He said, In the Tent.
But if your people Israel, because they have sinned against you, be slain before their enemies, and if they turn to you, and call on your name, and pray for you in this house;
Blessed are those who walk in their integrity, And obey the law of Yahweh.
Don't pity him in your sight, but take away the blood of innocence from Israel, that you may be blessed.
This is Judas, the son of Simon the Caledonian, who is one of twelve apostles, preparing to be crucified.
Moses went down to the people, and sanctified them, and they washed themselves.
For it is written, Abraham believed in God, and God called him righteous.
I will keep my loving kindness for him forever. My covenant with him shall not be changed.
They provoked him to anger with other gods, And provoked him to anger with afflictions.
If we are judged this day for this lame thing,
My people will live in faith. But if he does well, I will not be with him.
Though gold and precious stones are many, But the lips of knowledge are precious jewels.
If it is good to bear fruit in the year, and it isn't good, then let it be taken away.'
This shall be the portion of Aaron and his sons to the children of Israel forever; for it is a wave offering: a wave offering shall be made among the peace offerings of the children of Israel, a wave offering to Yahweh.
If there be found a man and a woman who is married to him, the husband and the woman shall be put to death: so shall the evil be cut off from Israel.
Jesus, perceiving their evil thoughts, said to them, You false men, why do you test me?
Jeremiah said to Zedekiah, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Armies, the God of Israel: If you go out, and take hold of the princes of the king of Babylon, your life shall live; and this city shall not be burned with fire; you shall live, you, and all your house.
The heart of king David was troubled to remember Absalom; for Amnon was comforted, because he was dead.
This letter I write to you, my brothers, to show you and to testify that this is the truth of God. Stand you on this grace.
The earth is broken before Yahweh. The earth is full of violence.
You shall take of it with your hand, and lay it in a heap of stones before the men of Judah, and lay it in a heap of stones, which is at the gate of the king of Pharaoh's house in Tahpanhes;
He took the new garments that he had put on, and broke them into twelve boards.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Isaac was old, and his eyes didn't see; and he called Esau his firstborn, and said to him, My son. Esau answered, Here am I.
Joshua said, Bring the stone from the top of the trough to the top of the trough, and let the people dwell there, and keep them.
Delilah said to Samson, Please tell me, Where is your great power? How shall it cover you, and make you sick?
A certain teacher of the law stood up and tested him, saying, Teacher, what shall I do, that I may have eternal life?
Jonathan stretched out his hand on his knees, and followed him with his armor. The Philistines fell before Jonathan, and followed after him with his armor.
Depart from evil, do good, and seek peace with all your heart.
Yet they continue to test the Most High, And rebel against him, And don't keep his testimonies.
Then the sons of the prophets said to Elisha, Behold, we are sparing you, and the land in which you are.
When the days of the feast were fulfilled, Job sent and called them, and sanctified them; and he rose up early in the morning, and offered up the burnt offering according to the number of the people: for Job said, Behold, my son has sinned, and has turned away his heart from Yahweh. Job did so.
He said, Love God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your strength; and love your neighbor as yourself; more than the burnt offering and the sacrifice of livestock.
For he will surely live, and not die, unless his body is healed from all his iniquities with which he has sinned.
Lebanese, open your gates, that the fire may devour your cedars.
He shall sprinkle the blood of his sickle seven times on the altar, and purify it, and separate it from the uncleanness of the children of Israel, and sanctify it.
Then John was not put into prison until that day.
You have brought forth Shubh your king, and Shubh your sheep, the stars of your gods, for your own service.
This man, who says he will destroy the temple, rise up in three days, and save yourself. If you are the Son of God, come down from the cross.
All the life of the earth and the breath of the people are in his hand.
The king made his words according to the order, even the words that were by the side of the wall: and Jonathan stood, and Abner sat by Saul's side; and the words of David were left unfinished.
Then the congregation grew weary, and one cried out, and the other didn't know what they were talking about.
They said, Has Yahweh spoken with Moses? Hasn't he spoken with us? Yahweh has heard this.
Yahweh, the God of heaven and earth, the great and fearful God, has made a covenant with those who love him, and with those who obey his commandments.
He made a ring of pure gold, and a pomegranate ring of pomegranate, and put it between the ring and the pomegranate round about.
Moses said to the children of Israel, Their princes delivered the rod to them, according to the number of the names of the princes of their tribes, twelve rods: and Aaron's rod was among the rods.
Your servant fears you. Set your word in order for him.
He sent another third, and the farmers struck him, and drove him out.
For they didn't listen to the voice of Yahweh their God, neither walked in his covenant, neither listened to the commandment of Moses the man of God.
In the sixth year of king Darius began the house to be built in the tenth month, in the tenth day of the month Adath.
To fill your soul with good things, And make your youth like an eagle.
In the midst of the sons of the priests went forth the foreign wives, the house of Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and his brothers, Maaseiah, Eliezer, Jalip, and Gedaliah.
Their horses were seven hundred thirty-six; and their chariots two hundred forty-five;
Jael stretched out his hand with his lamp, and his right hand with the rod of the workmen; and he drew the rod on Sheshah, and he drew it over his head, and he drew it along his side.
So I stayed there. I saw the great vision, and there was no strength in my body. The beauty of my face was darkened, and there was no strength.
You shall love Yahweh your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your strength.
Hear, Yahweh, the God of Armies, my prayer. Listen, Yahweh, the God of Jacob. Selah.
He commanded them, saying, Tell my lord Esau, Thus says your servant Jacob, I am in Laban, and I am here to this day.
But he answered them, Blessed are those who keep the word of the Lord.
When sin is conceived, it produces iniquity, and after iniquity it produces death.
Then all who call on the name of the Lord will be saved.
The day that the king had appointed to bring them in was come; and the captain of the guard brought them in before Nebuchadnezzar.
Thekouah's wife said to the king, My lord the king, let this sin be on me, and on my father's house; and there shall be no sin in the king, nor in his words.
In the forty-ninth year there was no blemish in your garments, neither was there any blemish in your feet.
I have obeyed your voice, not as other men do. I have observed myself, not following the way of the violent.
I will command them, and cause them to come again to this city; and they shall fight against this city, and take it, and burn it with fire: and I will make the cities of Judah desolate, and none shall dwell therein.
He who doesn't love wrath has great understanding, But the Holy One has great folly.
I made Shelemiah the priest, and Zadok the scribe, and Petaiah the Levite, officers of the chambers, and officers over the chambers; Hanan the son of Zaccur, and Zaccur the son of Mattaniah; for I saw that these were men, and that their work was for their brothers.
All the men of Judah returned from all the places where they were driven, and came to Mizpah in the land of Judah, and came to Gedaliah; and they gathered in abundance fruit, and fruit of the summer.
You shall take the inheritance of a stranger, and shall take it; but your brothers shall not take it: that Yahweh your God may bless you in the land where you go to possess it, in all that you put your hand to.
that the Lord may wash the filthiness of the daughter of Zion with a spirit of judgment, and with a spirit of burnt offering, and cleanse Jerusalem from the blood of the slain.
Shakanah the son of Jazeel, the son of Elam, the son of Josiah, answered Ezra, We have taken a foreign woman out of the people of the land, and have rebelled against our God: yet there is hope for Israel in this matter.
Aaron returned to Moses, and came to the door of the tent of meeting, and the plague ceased.
When you have perfected your obedience, we will punish those who don't obey.
Lest you make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land, and they play the prostitute after their gods, and sacrifice to their gods: and there shall be a call to you, and you shall eat his sacrifice;
As for you, house of Israel, thus says the Lord Yahweh: Go, every man to his idol, and he shall hear my words; he shall no more profane my holy name with a present or with an idol.
I will multiply the bread of Zion. I will give food to his poor, that he may eat.
Some of the princes of Asia were Paul's friends, and they sent to warn him that he should not enter into the country.
The priest shall put the little oil in his own hand.
The beast that I saw was like a lion; and his feet were like the feet of a hare, and his mouth like the mouth of a lion: and he gave to the beast his power, and his throne, and his mighty power.
Then said the captain of the guard to Jeremiah before he went, Go to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, the son of Shaphan, that you may go to the cities of Judah, which the king of Babylon has set over them: and dwell with him among the people, or in the place which you have seen; and go. So the captain of the guard sent Jeremiah food and a present, and let him go.
The eagle doesn't see it, Neither does the eye of the young eagle see it.
The sailors of Gibeah and the satraps were in the midst of you as anchors; and all the ships that passed over the sea, and their iniquity, were in the midst of you.
and he resorted to the burnt offering, that it might be given to Yahweh according to the divisions of the families of the people, as it is written in the book of Moses; and so did the oxen.
He shall offer the one of his divisions, or the other of his young pigeons, according to his strength,
They are vanity to me, For they teach by men's statutes.
Moreover I have dealt with you, as I thought to deal with their behavior.
But if you love your neighbor as you love the law of the Kingdom of God, so shall you do.
For while we were yet rebellious against him, he gave his Son to die for us, that we might be reconciled to him. But now we are reconciled to him, and we will be saved more abundantly through the life of Christ.
Therefore his father said, He is grown. Go, inquire of him.
But when I saw Mordecai the Judah sitting at the gate of the king's house, I knew that it was an offense to me.
Joab told David the number of the people: and the men of Israel had one hundred ten thousand swords, and the men of Judah had forty-seven thousand swords.
Yahweh our God made a covenant with us in Horeb.
It happened, when Yahweh arose, and a great war broke out, that they went into the rock, into the dust, and fled from the idols of Yahweh, and from the glory of his majesty.
The infant who eats milk is dry on the tongue, And the child sucks bread, and no one gives it to him.
The children of Israel followed after the Philistines, and took their camp.
I am more understanding than the old man, For I have listened to your precepts.
Esau said, Please let me leave some of my men with you. Jacob said, No; for it is good for me to find favor in the sight of my lord.
So they pursued after them to the Jordan; and behold, all the clothing and vessels which the Syrians had cast away when they fled, the messengers returned to the king.
She stood before him, weeping, and having her eyes on Jesus' feet. She was seven times as tall as she was, and kissed his feet, and put on her sandals.
The poor man, having no strength to offer such a thing, chose a wood that could not be destroyed, and sought for it a skillful molten image, that could not be moved.
Those who are not steadfast in the teaching of Christ are without God. Those who are steadfast in the teaching will be with the Father and with the Son.
Jephthah vowed a vow to Yahweh, and said, If you deliver the children of Ammon into my hand,
Sing aloud to Yahweh, the whole earth.
What is your mother? A lioness, that leaps among the lions, And feeds his son among the young lions.
After it there is fire, and Yahweh isn't in it. After it there is a faint and a faint voice.
You shall know that I am in Israel; and you shall know that I am Yahweh your God, there is none else; and my people shall never be ashamed.
Why have you rejected me, Yahweh? Why do you hide your face from me?
Moreover I have fought against you in wrath, and in wrath, and in great wrath, with the outstretched arm, and with the mighty arm;
Jesus, perceiving that they sought to inquire of him, said to them, You said to me, You can't see me, neither can you see me, neither can you see me,' but you will see me again.' He asked, Are you coming to the door?
Save yourself now, and come down from the cross.
You servants, obey the masters of the earth in all things. Don't do things for pleasure, but do them with all your heart and with all your soul; for you are servants of God.
Seba and Zalmunna said, Stand up against us, for as man does, so is strength. So Gideon stood up against Seba and Zalmunna, and struck them in the neck, as in a month.
He said, What have you seen, Amoz? I said, A spring of grapes. Yahweh said to me, The end of my people Israel is come, and I will no more make an end of them.
Moses returned to Yahweh, and said, Lord, why have you dealt evil with this people? why have you sent me?
Amaziah said to Amoz, Go, you prophet; flee into the land of Judah, and eat there, and prophesy there.
He built there an altar to Yahweh, and called on the name of Yahweh; and he set up his tent there. Isaac's servants made there a well.
But Pharaoh afflicted them, and they grew weaker and weaker. So the king was troubled concerning the children of Israel.
These are the heads of fathers' houses of the Levites, who were very many in their generations, who lived in Jerusalem.
One thousand made the doors of it, and one thousand made the instruments of David to praise Yahweh.
He who boasts is a mighty man. He who lifts himself up is like a whirlwind.
Tell me, my soul desires. Where are you feeding the sheep? When will you allow them to lie down? Why should I be as one who lays his face on the flock of your companions?
But the bull, and its skin, and its flesh, and its lioness, they burned with fire outside the camp, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
I saw under the sun something that was not good, as if it had come out of the throne of the highest;
So I obeyed the commandment, and prophesied: and as I prophesied, a voice came out, and the earth was shaken; and the bones were broken, and every bone was put into its place.
Then the Midianites, and the Amalekites, and all the people of the east, gathered themselves together, and passed over the river, and encamped in the valley of Jezreel.
He causes the heavens to fall, and it comes down. Darkness is before his feet.
Do you say that you seek the words of a soothsayer? The words of the dreamer are like the wind.
the owl, the owl, the donkey, the owl,
Moses called Bezalel and Aholiab, and all the wise men in their hearts, whom Yahweh had given to their hearts to do the will of their hearts.
The men listened to his voice, and believed immediately his words, and said, It is done! Behold, your brother Ben Hadad! He said, Go, bring him up. Ben Hadad came out to the king, and the king made him a chariot.
The waters ceased, and ceased until the fourteenth day of the month, when the high places were revealed.
Every sin that is not without cause shall be abominable to you.
Moab shall be destroyed, and shall no more be a nation; for they are proud, and have rebelled against Yahweh.
They came to the nations to whom they came, and profaned my holy name: for they said to them, This is the people of Yahweh, who came out of his land.
Yahweh will cause the sound of his wailing to be heard; and he will show the hand of his wrath, and the wrath of his anger, and the flame of his devouring fire, and the thunder, and the great wind, and the whirlwind.
on the seventh day of the Sabbath you shall number fifty days; and you shall offer a new meal offering to Yahweh.
Then Yahweh was zealous for his land, And merciful to his people.
For if we confess our sins, God is truth and righteousness. He will forgive our sins, and will wash away all our iniquities.
The arrows were like the arrows of a reed; and the spears were six hundred shekels of iron; and a shield was before him.
Behold, there was a man with a scabbard in his hand, who, when he thought he might bring a snare to him, said to him, Is it lawful to rest on the Sabbath day?
It happened the same night, that Yahweh said to Gideon, Bring your father's bull, the second bull of the seven years; and break down all the altars of Baal your father, and cut down the Asherim by the altar;
The Pharisees came to him, and began to argue with him. They wanted to test him, and to ask him to do a sign out of heaven.
Those who were gathered to him were the priests who lived in the plain.
Therefore I wrote this letter to you, when I didn't come to you, that I wouldn't come to you in judgment with the authority of the Lord, which he gave me, to build, and not to destroy.
From among them shall come forth a voice of thanksgiving and gladness; and I will multiply them, and not diminish; and I will exalt them, and not diminish.
All those who engrave idols are vanity; they have no pleasure; their witnesses see nothing; they don't know anything; they are ashamed.
Thus says Yahweh: Behold, I will go into the wind of destruction against Babylon, and against the Chaldeans who dwell there.
Moses said, This is what Yahweh has commanded you, and the glory of Yahweh will be revealed to you.
Behold, he speaks graciously, and no one speaks to him. Do you say these things, that it is true that this is the Christ?
It will happen in the latter days, that they will return to the place, because the sins of the Amorites are not resolved.
I have prayed to the Lord three times for this. He has taken him away from me.
He named the second son Ephraim, because he said, God has blessed me in my affliction.
The people answered Joshua, No, but we are determined to serve Yahweh.
The goat who did the work of the gate was the king of Hera; and the two horns that were between his eyes were the king's first.
Those who followed him saw that Saul was dead, and that he had spied him by the sword.
But he said, Hear now, brothers, before Abraham our father went to Haran, and the glory of God appeared to him in Mesopotamia,
Woe to you rich men! For you have lived in abundance.
It happened in the fourth year of Gideon the son of Joash, when he was old, that he died, and was buried in Ophrah of the Abiezerites, in the tomb of Joash his father.
and he shall stay with him all day long, until your brother's anger be kindled.
The servants of Achish said to him, Isn't this David the king of the kingdom? They sing and say in the music: Saul has slain thousands of them, and David has slain thousands of them.
The days of the ark were long in Kiriath Jearim: and the house of Israel remembered Yahweh twenty years.
Another of his disciples, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, said to him,
The woman answered him, I have no interest in it. Jesus said to her, You don't have interest in it.
In the eighteenth year of king Josiah did he keep the Passover to Yahweh in Jerusalem.
His eyes are darkened by reason of milk, And his mouth is white by reason of milk.
Shall you stir up the branches of the wind? or shall you pursue after the dry grass?
Yahweh is righteous and upright. He will show sinners how to walk in the way.
When he had waited for Silas and Timothy in Athens, he saw that all the cities were idols, and he prayed with his whole heart.
His disciples said to him, It is better for a man's wife to do this than for a man's wife to do that which is good.
Their bulls don't breed, Neither do their cows rear their young.
one male goat for a sin offering;
Moreover I said to the wicked, You shall surely die,' if he turns again from his iniquity, and does that which is right and right;
These things I tell you, that your faith may not be shaken.
The Pharisees therefore said to him, You testify about yourself, and your testimony is false.
When Hezekiah and the princes came and looked at the towers, they blessed Yahweh, and blessed his people Israel.
then the priest shall command that they cast the stones of the plague away, and cast them out of the city into a place that is not clean.
As for the prince, for he is the prince, let him sit in the chamber, and eat bread before Yahweh: and he shall come in by the way of the porch of the gate, and shall go forth from there.
God played the prostitute with the hand of Paul.
It happened at that time, that a woman who had been cast away twelve years came near to him, and touched the cords of his garments.
The idol is a scepter of evil. A silver scepter is on him, and a silver scepter is on him.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Stretch out your rod, and strike the dust of the ground, and make him a prostitute throughout all the land of Egypt.
Now the rest of the acts of Menahem, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
For death has come to our door, And has entered into our stronghold. He has destroyed the little ones from outside, And the young men from the streets.
Moses said, Show me your glory.
I have made for myself a flower and a tree, and have planted in it all kinds of fruit trees.
neither shall you take your neighbor's wife, nor your neighbor's house, nor his field, nor his servant, nor his handmaid, nor his ox, nor his donkey, nor all that your neighbor has.
We know that God spoke to Moses, but we don't know where this man came from.
Their tents and their flocks shall be taken away, and their linen cloths, and all their vessels, and their camels, shall be taken away for their own. They shall cry to them, and say, There shall be fear round about them.'
He said to me, Let him go and build him a house in the land of Sinal: and if the house is good, let him be in his own place.
Judah sent a goat to his friend the Adullamite, that he might take it out of the woman's hand, but he didn't find it.
Every man brought his present to Yahweh, both a man and a woman, every man with his golden vessels, the rings of the breastplate, the snuffers, the snuffers, and the snuffers.
Moses and Eleazar the priest took their gold, which was of every good reed.
Moses anointed the tent of meeting, and all that was therein, and sanctified it.
Then the king passed over, and came to Gilgal; and he passed over with him at Chimham: and all Judah passed over, and half the people of Israel.
The master of the house came out to them, and said to them, Beloved, don't do this evil thing. Don't do this shameful thing, because this man entered into my house.
For God is greater than our hearts, And knows all things.
We can't seek him, the Almighty, who has great power, justice, and fullness of righteousness, and will not afflict anyone.
Joab the son of Zeruiah was captain of the army; and Jehoshaphat the son of Ahilud was captain of the guard.
But in the day that he comes, who can stand? When he appears, who can stand? For he is like a burning fiery fire, Like a rustling furnace.
Therefore they answered, We don't know where they came from.
The lord of the man's house shall return in the day that he is not struck, when he thinks he can't come.
For Christ died for us, that we might live, whether we were dead or alive, in him alone.
I know your name, and will testify against them, that your love may be in them, and I in them.
So then, through Christ Jesus, the peace of God, which they have received, will be preserved in you.
They said, This is Jesus, the prophet, of the Nazarenes, who are in Galilee.
The drought and the flood are not numbered, but they are numbered by the God of the seed.
All promises of God are in Jesus Christ. Therefore we say to him, Amen, and glorify God.
God stretched out his hand, and struck the rock, and took it out of the base of the mountain.
Let the nations rejoice, and let them sing with joy: For you have judged the nations in righteousness, The nations of the earth in the way. Selah.
Yahweh will requite him according to the righteousness of every man and according to his faith; for Yahweh has delivered you this day into my hand; but I will not stretch out my hand against the anointed of Yahweh.
The words of Job were without knowledge. His words were without wisdom.
Those who come forth from you shall build a ruinous place; and you shall build a ruinous foundation: and you shall be called a broken wall, and a pleasant habitation in the streets of Shur.
For wisdom shall enter into your heart, And knowledge shall be a delight to your soul.
But in the twenty-three and thirtieth year of king Joash the priest was not able to restore the house to its former state.
Therefore I said, The Philistines shall come up against me to Gilgal; and I will offer no burnt offering, until I ask the favor of Yahweh.
and said to them, I have been one hundred twenty years old this day, and I will not go out or enter any more; and Yahweh said to me, You shall not pass over this Jordan.
Behold, he is taken away. Who can deny him? Who can ask him, and what do you do?
The number of those who died of the plague was twenty-four thousand.
Their brothers were mighty men of valor, one hundred twenty-eight; and Zabdiel the son of Hadgeorim was their ruler.
that for this secret thing they might pray to the God of heaven, that Daniel not perish, nor his companions, nor the rest of the wise men of Babylon.
For the king's business shall be reported to all the women, saying, The king of Ahasuerus shall bring Vashti the queen before the king; but she shall not come; so shall they deceive their husbands.
The king shall take the fat that covers the innards, and the fat that is on the innards, and the two kidneys, and the fat that is on them, even the fat that is on the right side of the innards, and the cover on the right side of the innards, and the fat that is on the innards.
dyed incense, purple, scarlet, incense, frankincense,
His servants the children of Israel, The children of Jacob,
Return, Yahweh, the God of Armies. Let your face shine, and we will be saved.
We lie in our shame, and our shame covers us; for from our youth even to this day we have sinned against our God, our fathers, and have not listened to the voice of Yahweh our God.
The burnt offering, and the fat of the peace offerings, and all the rest of the burnt offerings, were many. So the house of Yahweh was set in order.
Now your end is come, and I will bring my wrath on you, and will judge you according to your ways; and I will repay you according to all your abominations.
Remove the words of truth from my mouth, For I hope in your judgments.
All that was found in the land of Judah and in Jerusalem for the art of the smith, and for the idols of the house, and for the gods, and for all the abominations of the house, Josiah cut off the chains, to do the words of the law, which were found in the book of the law of Hilkiah the priest in the house of Yahweh.
The offering of the offering shall be of one lamb, one tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mixed with four tenth parts of a hin of oil, for a meal offering.
The priest shall examine him; and behold, if the skin of his body is white in the place where it is, and the hair of it is white in the place where it is white, and the skin of it is white in the place where it is white,
So all the people returned to their houses; and David returned to bless his house.
He also testified against them with many words, saying, Deliver yourselves from this generation of wickedness.
The king of Sodom said to Abram, Give me men, and all things will be yours.
Cursed is he who loves curses, curse on him. Blessed is he who doesn't love blessings, far from him.
They forsook the house of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, and went and served the Asherim and the idols; and the wrath of Yahweh came on Judah and on Jerusalem because of this sin.
He wrote letters in the name of Ahab, and sent them by the king's letter, and sent them to the princes of the city of Naboth, who were with him in the house of the elders.
They said, What shall I bring to Yahweh, the God who worships on the high places of the mountains? A burnt offering, or a yearling, to him?
Moses and Aaron said to all Israel, At evening you shall know that Yahweh is the one who brought you up out of the land of Egypt.
I saw in my snares the beautiful garments of Sinal, two hundred shekels of silver, and a house of gold, fifty shekels of gold: and I took them, and took them, and hid them under my tent on the ground, and put the silver in its place.
For if we believed that Jesus died and rose again, we believed that God would bring with him those who were dead through him.
You shall not eat anything sacrificed to idols, neither shall you eat flesh, blood, nor sexual immorality: it shall be well with you, if you don't break these commandments. Peace be to you.
The wise will walk in the way of life, And will depart from Sheol.
A sluggard perishes, But he who hears, and witnesses, no one can condemn him.
that we may escape out of the hand of our enemies,
The king said, Isn't this from Babylon, that I have built a palace of nations for my strength, and for the glory of my valor?
They cried as children in the street, and cried together, We have sounded the trumpet, and you haven't danced. We sing to you the praises of the Holy One, and you haven't wept.
Then will I do to you, and I will cause you to be afraid, and to be hungry, and to be afflicted, and to be broken in the eyes, and to be grieved in the heart; and you shall eat of it empty; for your enemies shall eat of it.
The firstborn among the children of Israel shall be two hundred seventy-three men, more than the Levites; and you shall redeem them.
The word of Yahweh came to me.
Then the trees of the forest shall sing a song before Yahweh, For he comes to judge the whole earth.
Who is there among you who has seen the glory that was before this house? Why do you see it now? Isn't it hidden from your eyes?
then you shall bring to Yahweh all the firstborn sons, and all the firstborn livestock; and they shall be Yahweh's.
So will the words of my mouth be; they shall not return to me empty; but they shall do that which I delight in, that the things which I send them shall prosper.
The grass will dry up, and the flower will die; for the breath of Yahweh will be on it. Yes, man is like the grass.
These are the kings who were in the hill country, and in the plain, and in the Arabah, and in the hill country, and in the wilderness, and in the land of the South: the Hittite, and the Amorite, and the Canaanite, and the Perizzite, and the Hivite, and the Jebusite:
You will also testify against them, and against the Gentiles, for my sake, and to bring witnesses against the governors and against the kings.
He will send out a greeting to the peoples who are far off, and will cry out for them to come from the ends of the earth. Behold, they are hurrying to come.
Then I rebuked the rulers with a great rebuke, and said to them, Why has the house of God been desolate? Then I gathered the Levites, and rebuked their servants.
Asa cried to Yahweh his God, and said, Yahweh, behold, there is none like you among the mighty and the weak: help us, Yahweh our God; for we trust in you, and have set your name against all the people: you are our God; don't let anyone despise you.
You shall eat of the fruit of your hands, and shall prosper, and shall prosper.
and he sat on a beautiful bed, and took a table before it, and poured out my perfumes on it, and put my ointment on it.
I said, I am not the Christ, but a prophet to him. You are my witnesses in this matter.
The king shall offer his burnt offering to Yahweh on the Sabbath day: six lambs without blemish, and a ram without blemish;
If a rich man brings into your synagogue in a goldsmith's cloak, and a poor man in a cloak,
He separated a multitude from a nation to a servant, and said to the servant, Go you before me, and make every man a prisoner.
The multitude said, What sign do you show us, that we may believe in you? What will you do?
They separated themselves from the multitude, and sailed to a secluded place.
There were chambers outside of the gate of the inner court, by the side of the north gate, for those who sang; and the chambers were toward the south, and by the side of the east gate toward the north.
Yahweh, you are my King. Set a commandment, that you may save Jacob.
I came to the well this day, and said, Yahweh, the God of my master Abraham, if you will, let me keep my way.
For Yahweh your God has walked in your camp, to deliver you, and to deliver your enemies to you: therefore shall your camp be holy, that he not see your affliction, and depart from you.
Jacob also stayed with Rachel, and loved Rachel more than Leah. He worked seven years.
As you did to Midian, so did you to them. As you did to Sheshai and Jabin by the river Kishon.
All the captains of the army, Johanan the son of Kareah, and Jehoiah the son of Hoshaiah, and all the people, from the youngest of them even to the greatest of them;
Shall a man live after his death? Let me keep the days of my labor, until the days of my misery come.
So did the magicians with their enchantments, and brought the frogs into the land of Egypt.
If you depart from Yahweh to serve the gods of the nations, Yahweh will return to bring evil on you, and destroy you, after he has blessed you.
Let your wrath be poured out on them. Let your wrath be on them.
You have divided the sea before them, that they may pass through it as dry land; You have cast their pursuers into the deep sea, as stones into the midst of great waters;
Paul wanted to enter into the crowd, but his disciples blocked him.
The livestock of the children of Reuben and the livestock of Gad were exceeding many; and they saw the land of Jazer, and the land of Gilead, as a place to take livestock.
as the baptism, the hand, the resurrection of the dead, and the constant instruction of the everlasting judgment.
Moreover Yahweh your God will send to them a great sweet savor, until they have consumed them before you.
Moses said to Aaron and to Eleazar and to Ithamar his sons, You shall not break the hair of your head, nor tear your clothes, that you not die, nor that Yahweh be angry with the congregation: but all your brothers the house of Israel shall cry out for the fire of Yahweh, which he has ignored.
But if a man says that he lives in light, yet hates his brother, or his sister, he shall surely live in darkness.
Loth, Odo, and the valley of labor.
It shall happen, when you shall find affliction, and the things come on you, that you shall turn to Yahweh your God, and hear his word.
I, Zedekiah, the firstborn of this letter, greet you in the Lord.
Go up to the top of the mountains, you who bring good news to Zion; and shout for your God, you who bring good news to Jerusalem: lift up your voice, don't be afraid, and say to the city of Judah, Behold, your God!
He who mocks the poor blasphemes, But he who humbles himself honors the Lord.
There shall be a place for the animal, and the eagle shall be gathered there.
Kedemoth with its suburbs, and Mephaath with its suburbs; four cities.
All the remnant of Syria, the high places of Ephraim, and the kingdom of Damascus, shall pass away, as the glory of Israel passes away, says Yahweh of Armies.
For you shall enter into a land of possession, not as you came forth into the land of Egypt, where you shall graze, and tread with your feet as in a field.
Therefore the animals of the wilderness and the wolves shall dwell therein, and the sword shall dwell therein forever without a man, and forever without a man.
and you shall eat until the month is full, and the flesh shall come out of your nostrils, and you shall abhor; for you have forsaken Yahweh, who dwells among you, and wept before him, and said, Why have we come forth out of Egypt?
Behold, he shines his light on it. He covers the seas.
His wisdom was greater than all men, and greater than Ethon the Ezranite, and Than Heman the son of Mahol, Than Calcor and Tartah; and his fame was known among the nations that were round about him.
He said to the king of Israel, Put your hand to your bow. He put his hand to his bow.
Therefore bring to me all the prophets of Baal, and all who serve Baal, and all his priests; none of them shall be diminished: for I will offer a great sacrifice to Baal, and none shall live. Jehu has done this with deceit, and will utterly kill those who worship Baal.
If his strength is not enough to offer two turtledoves or two young pigeons, then he shall bring his offering for his sin which he has sinned, the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour for a sin offering; he shall not add oil to it, nor buy frankincense; for it is a sin offering.
What better way is it to say, Your sins are forgiven,' or to say, Rise up and walk?'
He said to them, Set a feast for them. They said, We have five loaves and two fish here. But if we don't buy, why do we eat all these?
Ahaz said, I will not ask, nor testify against Yahweh.
Then king David went in, and sat before Yahweh, and said, Who am I, Yahweh God, and what is my house, that you have brought me to this house?
The man said, This is the flesh of my bones, and the flesh of my flesh; and I will call her Woman; for she is brought forth out of the man.
It happened on the twenty-threeth day of the seventh month, that the king sent the people to their tents, and they rejoiced and rejoiced every man with his heart, because of the favor of Yahweh, which he gave to David, and to Solomon, and to his people Israel.
But these are the statutes and the precepts of men, and the king doesn't abide by them.
Therefore I will not walk in my wrath, neither will my eyes love them, nor pity them; though they cry to my ears, I will not listen.
He who strays from his work will be afflicted. The tongue of gentleness will break the bones.
Those who went through the brook turned back, and they came to a desolate place, and died.
We have not glorified ourselves with other labors. We hope that your faith will be multiplied, And that the work of our hands will be multiplied among you.
When the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, they said, This is the king of Israel; and they turned aside to fight against him. Jehoshaphat cried out, and Yahweh helped him, and Yahweh commanded them to depart from him.
He who redeems them will be mighty, and his name will be Yahweh of Armies. He will be gracious to them, and will bring peace to all the earth, and will cause the inhabitants of Babylon to tremble.
Then I said in my heart, This is what the fool finds; and shouldn't I be wiser than them? I said in my heart, This also is vanity.
But when she turned and saw him standing, she didn't believe that he was Jesus.
Be of good courage, and let us play the prostitute for our people, and for the cities of our God: Yahweh do that which is good in his sight.
For Yahweh can't bring this people into the land which he swore to them; therefore he has killed them in the wilderness.
This is the word of Yahweh, which he spoke by Jeremiah: wait for the land to enjoy its rest; for it shall be rest for seventy years, when it shall be desolate.
They did it for the sight of all. They made the robes longer, and the skirts of their garments longer.
Though you are a calf, and not a bear, but a bear, I will bring you out of my mouth.
He said, What will I do to the Kingdom of God?
They made two rings of gold, and two rings of gold, and put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate.
Every man who touches his flesh shall be holy: and if his blood is sprinkled on any garment, and it is sprinkled on him, then you shall bathe him in the holy place.
For they all saw him, and were afraid. He said to them immediately, I am, and don't be afraid.
Weep for Saul, daughter of Israel! For he made you to be glad in scarlet, And made your garments of gold.
Jesus said to him, What do you want? He said to him, When you are king, let one of my two sons sit on your right hand, and another on your left.
It happened, when all the people heard these words, that they said, Truly this man is the prophet.
David called a young man, and said, Put your trust in him, and kill him. He went and killed him.
Now therefore hurry, and tell his disciples, Jesus has risen from the dead, and he will go before you into Galilee, and there you will see him.' I have told you this.
Some of the Pharisees came to him, and asked him, Can a man take his wife?
The work of the wicked is rewarded with false wages, But the work of righteousness is rewarded with true rewards.
I will give you good counsel, that you may do what I have done to you.
Take heed to the tumult of the land, And to the wicked, And to the fearful and circumcised.
To him who gives thanks with a mighty hand and with an outstretched arm; For his loving kindness endures forever;
Their little ones shall be slain before their eyes, and their houses shall be taken away; and their wives shall be shamed.
Deliver me from my enemies, Yahweh. Let me run to you.
Come to me, and hear; for I have not spoken from the beginning in a secret place; but when it is done, there I am. Now the Lord Yahweh has sent me, and his Spirit.
A scoffer seeks wisdom, but doesn't find it; But one who discerns finds it.
You shall rejoice and be glad forever because of my creation; for I have created Jerusalem, that it may be rejoiced; and his people, that they may rejoice and be glad.
When one of his maids saw that Peter was sitting by himself, he sighed with his eyes, and said, This man also is with Jesus.
Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, in whose mercies he has shown no mercy, to raise us up from the dead, that we may have a new life,
When they saw me in the temple, I was baptized. There was no multitude, neither was there any confusion,
Yahweh speaks to you from the sky, From the midst of the fire, on the mountain.
If two men are struck, and one of the men's wives comes near to save his husband from the hand of the man who struck him, and the other takes the man's body in his hand;
Say you to us, Is it lawful for Caesar to be circumcised?
The priests didn't say, Where is Yahweh? For the law didn't know me, and the rulers rebelled against me, and the prophets prophesied against Baal, and did nothing of benefit.
It happened in the night, in the dream, that God came and said to Abimelech, You are a man who desires to die; for the woman whom you took is a woman.
David arose, and took a rod in his hand, and two stones of five cubits, and set them in the tops of the mountains, in the midst of the cave, in which the shepherds lived: and he took the cords of stone in his hand; and he went after the Philistine.
He said to the judges, Beware of your doings, for you judge not for men, but for Yahweh. When you judge, he will be with you.
For Solomon asked for it, and the Lord pleased with his words.
He who has no profit flees from man. His lips burn like fire.
Then the lord will come and tell you, Please give to this man,' and you will be disappointed, and will sit down on the top of the throne.
For they preach the word of the Lord from abroad, and receive nothing from the Gentiles.
Why do we hear them speaking according to the same prophecy which we all prophesy?
You will rejoice and be glad. Many will rejoice in his birth.
I have always remembered you. This is a sign to all of you; for you will be partakers of the grace of God, whether in the prison, or in the testimony of the Good News.
He arose, worshiped the angels, was humble, and dealt wisely with his own body, but the flesh was not worthy of a great sacrifice.
I will make man a little better than pure gold, And a little better than the gold of Ophir.
In the days of the calamity, when the sun will be darkened, and the moon will not shine,
The gods of this world make the heart of those who don't believe blind, and they can't see the light of the Good News, which testifies about the glory of Christ, the image of God.
Saul sent messengers to Jesse, saying, Send here to me David your son, the shepherd.
Rebekah took Esau her firstborn, and put him in the beautiful clothing of his house, and clothed Jacob, his younger son,
They gather wheat, and reap it. They labor for nothing. They will be ashamed of their land because of the wrath of Yahweh.
He shall be as a donkey, and his hand shall be against all, and his hand against all; and he shall stand before all his brothers.
But Peter and the twelve stood up, and lifted up their voices, and said to them, Know this, you Jews, and all you who dwell in Jerusalem, and listen diligently to me.
For the things which I was afraid of came on me, And the things which I was afraid of came on me.
Give thanks to the Lord of all things, For his loving kindness endures forever.
Let justice prevail, That God may know my integrity.
He put the head in the pan, and gave it to the young lady. The young lady took it, and gave it to her mother.
behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that all that is in your house, and all that your fathers have gathered to him, shall be taken away to Babylon; there shall be nothing left him, says Yahweh.
There was a dream of me and of him, and of the two cities that night; and there was no dream of our people.
The meal offering of the priest shall be fully burnt; it shall not be eaten.
To him who brought up the children of Israel out of Egypt; For his loving kindness endures forever:
Solomon went after Ashtaroth, the servant of the Sidonians, and after Milcah, the god of the afflicted of the children of Ammon.
Therefore my heart is like a trumpet for Moab, and my heart like a trumpet for the children of Gerhaal Sheath; for all their merchandise is no more.
Jesus said to her, Woman, your faith has healed you. Go in peace.
There was a gate toward the south; from the gate to the gate he measured toward the south one hundred cubits.
The singers gathered themselves together out of the plains of Jerusalem round about, and out of the villages of Neduthah;
I will strengthen the arm of the king of Babylon, and will deliver my sword into his hand; and I will break the arm of Pharaoh; and he shall cry out before him, as when a dead man cried.
The kings shall mourn, and the king's relatives shall be desolate, and the hands of the people shall tremble; and I will do to them according to their ways, and according to their judgments which they shall receive; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Yahweh said to Moses, and to Aaron, and to Miriam, Three men are come out to the tent of meeting. They three men came out.
I will seek the sluggard, and I will bring him back; and the wounded, I will cover; and the sick, I will heal; but the fattened and the mighty, I will cut off, and I will punish them.
He passed through the region of Tyre and Tecumseh, and came to the king of Galilee.
Then he called together the priests and the Levites, and said to them, Go into the cities of Judah, and do nothing to all Israel, that the house of your God may be renewed year by year. Drive you by this matter. But the Levites didn't drive.
Then one man shall take a bull and two rams.
Thus says Jephthah, The children of Israel didn't take the land of Moab, nor the land of the children of Ammon.
He said, Lord, I have done all that you have commanded me, but there is still a void.'
Solomon set his heart to build a temple for the name of Yahweh, and a house for his people.
and his offering was a silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, and one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
All the animals, and all the creeping things, and all the birds, and all the things that were on the earth, went out of the ark according to their families.
But turn away from foolish divisions, from divisions of fathers' houses, and from the assembly of the law; for all these things are for nothing and for nothing.
They made kings, but not from me; and they made princes, but I didn't know: and they made idols of their silver and of their gold, so that they were cut off.
He bound their kings with iron, And their servants with iron;
Ben Hadad shall be for a memorial in the house of Yahweh in Helam, and in Tobiah, and in Jedaiah, and in Hian the son of Zephaniah (the same is Josiah),
Then Asher said concerning him, Blessed be Asher for his son, and the joy of his brothers, that he may lay his foot on the fat.
For, behold, the Father loves us, that he may call us children of God, and we are his children in all things. Therefore the sons of men don't know us, because they don't know God.
When Ahorebah his sister saw it, she was more sexually immoral than she; and she was more sexually immoral than her mother.
It shall be, when Aaron lights the lamp, that he shall burn incense: it shall be the incense that you shall burn before Yahweh continually throughout your generations.
The wicked lift up their face, and say, He will not be saved; But all that he thinks he has is a vessel of ungodliness.
Seven times shall you sprinkle the leprosy on him who is to be cleansed, and you shall pronounce him clean; and you shall let the living bird go into the field.
Then we possessed the land: and I gave it to the children of Reuben, and to the children of Gad, after Aroer, which is by the valley of the Arnon, and after the half-tribe of Gilead, and after the cities of it.
When the net was full, he hurried, and sat down; and he took the good fish, and brought them into the dungeon, and cast out the deadly fish.
Then I will shine a lamp on Jerusalem, and I will punish those who are like ten thousand in the sixth generation, who say in their heart, Yahweh will not bring good, neither will he bring evil.
So the priests, and the Levites, and the porters, and the singers, and one third of the people, and the Nethinim, and all Israel, lived in their cities.
If his father has no brother, then he shall give his inheritance to the relatives of his people, and he shall possess it: it shall be a statute for the children of Israel to keep forever, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Samuel said to him, Thus has Yahweh broken the kingdom of Israel from you this day, that he may give it to one of your neighbors better than you.
They always go their way. Wherever the spirit goes, they go there. They don't turn their bodies when they go their way.
He arose, and went to his father. When your father was yet a little far off, he saw him, and was astonished at him. He ran, and kissed him continually.
But we don't fear to do errands, but we are saved by faith.
The sound of the cherubim spread abroad as the voice of the Almighty.
It is good for a man's mouth to answer prudence, But it is good for a time to answer.
That they may know that this is out of your hand, That you, Yahweh, have done it.
Therefore you shall be hungry, thirsty, naked, and have nothing to eat, to serve the enemies whom Yahweh has sent against you; and he shall put iron in your neck, until he has consumed you.
The fruit of the light is wisdom, righteousness, and truth.
The sheep shall not follow the blind, but shall flee, because they don't understand the voice of the blind.
In the second month, in the second year of his coming out of Egypt, Yahweh commanded Moses in the wilderness of Sinai, saying,
If anyone sins, and hears the voice of an oath, then he shall be a witness; but he who sees or knows, he shall not say, he shall bear his iniquity.
You say that you have counsel and strength to fight. I say that it is a vanity. But who is he who trusts in you to rebel against me?
Abner sought counsel with the elders of Israel, saying, You desired that David should reign over you,
The pot is for the price of silver, and the knead is for the price of gold. A great praise is able to prove a man.
But concerning the Holy One, he said, Your throne, God, endures forever, The authority of your kingdom is uprightness.
You shall offer a bull for a sin offering, says the Lord Yahweh, to the sons of Zadok the Levite, the priest, who come near to me to minister to me.
You shall write a letter to the angel of the assembly in Sarath, saying, Thus says he who has the seven Spirits of God and the seven stars, I know your works; that you live in truth, and that you die.
My son, don't forget my precepts. Keep my commandments in your heart.
Their yoke is calm, and they don't fear. The rod of God doesn't strike them.
The men said therefore to them, What is the name of the man who built this house?
Therefore the saints who keep the commandment of God and the truth of Jesus, let them have faith.
and the ark of the testimony, and its poles, and the mercy seat;
This Ezra came out of Babylon, according to the law which Yahweh, the God of Israel, gave Moses: he was a scribe of all the king's houses; and the king did to him according to all that Yahweh his God had given him.
Pharaoh dealt well with Abram for the woman: and Abram received sheep, oxen, and donkeys, male servants, female servants, and female donkeys, and camels.
The pots are for the price of silver, and the wagons for the price of gold; but Yahweh is for the price of man's heart.
But if a man keeps God's word, he is perfect in God's love; and we know that we will live according to the will of God.
It happened on the next day, in the second day of the month, that David's words were uttered. Saul said to Jonathan his son, Why didn't the son of Jesse eat bread today and tomorrow?
But we all received according to the portion which Christ gave to us.
Everyone who worships the multitudes of the sky on the housetop, and those who worship, and swears by Yahweh, and by Malcam,
He who hates me hates my Father also.
I will fill the mountains with the slain; and the slain by the sword shall fall on your lowland, and on the valleys, and on all the caves.
A angel of the Lord appeared to them by the way. The glory of the Lord was on the four sides. They were amazed.
When he has sown stone, and he has sown a house, and has bowed his head, and the plague has returned to his house,
and for sacrifices of peace offerings, and for a freewill offering, and for a proclamation and for a proclamation; which you delight in, children of Israel.
For God has made him to a perfect border, and he has become a bond of salvation to all those who obey him forever.
Give your affairs to Yahweh, and trust in him, and he will make you whole.
When they have poured out their waters, the angel of the Lord will come down and strike the waters with his finger. When they have struck them, all things will be well with the first who goes down.
Jesus said to them, I am bread of life. Those who come to me will not be hungry, Nor those who believe in me forever.
He will say, Their gods, the rock on which they trust,
Haven't you heard the words of this people? They say, He has rejected the two nations which Yahweh has chosen; therefore they despise my people, that they may no more build a kingdom before them.
It happened in the three and a half years of Asa king of Judah, that Baasha struck him, and kept his words.
Your beautiful name shall be known among the nations, and it shall be perfect in your beauty; for I will give you my glory, says the Lord Yahweh.
I said, You are gods. You are all sons of the Most High.
For thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Neither shall there be any impurity in the midst of the house, neither shall the fat of the midst of the chamber fail, until the day that Yahweh is poured out on the earth.
But Paul said to the men, We are Romans, and they have bound us in sackcloth before all the people, and put us in prison. Now will they drive us out secretly, or won't it be? Call the rulers of Rome, and bring us out.
Hear, the shepherds cries out for their glory. Listen, the mighty lions cries out for the destruction of the forest by the Jordan.
Therefore our prophecy, which we prophesied from the prophets, is stronger. Listen, for this prophecy is like a lamp that burns in darkness, even to the dawning of the morning, until a star appears in your heart.
The priest shall offer burnt offerings and meal offerings on the altar; and the priest shall make atonement for him, and he shall be clean.
All the vessels of the tent, and the lamps of it, and the lamps of the court, shall be of brass.
Yahweh of Armies, my king, my God, the sparrow seeks his own house, and the owl seeks his own son's death, even in your altar.
That we may believe in this, that we may receive it all.
Therefore I will mourn for the vine of Sibmah, and for the mourning of the Jezreelites; and I will chastise you with tears, Heshbon and Jerealeh; for the cry of your harvest and of your grain comes quickly.
Throw them into the midst of the furnace, and there they shall weep and gnash with their teeth.
Woe to you who are satisfied! For you are hungry! Woe to you who are stretched out! For you are weeping and weeping.
So the surface of the ground became like clay, And the appearance of everything like the appearance of a carpet.
So my anger is exalted, and I am comforted when my wrath is turned away from them; and when my wrath is turned away from them, they shall know that I, Yahweh, speak with zeal.
They sacrificed their sons and their daughters to the demons,
I have returned in the image of God, and have declared to those who have hope that I would preach the Good News of the Gentiles, that I should not turn aside from doing that which I have done, or that which I have done.
For many are disobedient, even those who speak deceitfully, even the circumcision.
This is the high priest which I have spoken, who sits on the right hand of the throne of God in heaven above.
Arise, go to Zerubbabel in Sidon, and dwell there: and behold, I have commanded a widow to feed you in the land.
The angel of Yahweh appeared to him in the midst of the burning of the wood: and when he saw the wood burning, behold, it was not burned with fire.
The word of Yahweh came to Zechariah the prophet, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo, in the twenty-first month, which is the twenty-first day of the month Seba, saying,
Therefore let's not feed one another with wickedness and deceit, but let's sacrifice unleavened bread of pure and truth for a sacrifice.
Jehoiada was old and full of days. He died, and was one hundred thirty years old when he died.
The greatness of the kingdom, and the dominion, and the dominion of the kingdoms, shall be given to the highest of the peoples; and his kingdom shall be an everlasting kingdom, and all who have dominion shall serve him.
They gird themselves like a thorn, They drink like water, But they will burn like rotten grass.
He said to him, Stretch out your hand. When he had stretched out his hand, he went out immediately as if he had stretched out another hand.
There were chambers toward the south in the wall of the court, and in the uttermost part of the gate, and in the uttermost part of the house.
He lived in the hill country of Ephraim, in Ramah, and in Bethel, under the oak of Debir: and all Israel went to him, and judged him.
Out of the tribe of Issachar, Zion with its suburbs, and Dabir with its suburbs,
The captain of the guard called Jeremiah, and said to him, Behold, Yahweh your God has spoken, to bring this evil on this place.
I made a covenant with you when you came forth out of Egypt. Don't be afraid, seeing my Spirit is among you.
He who doesn't give a freewill offering, but gives a freewill offering, is like a wind, and there is no rain.
their camels were four hundred thirty-five; and their donkeys were six thousand one hundred twenty.
The first living creature was like a lion, and the second like a young bull, and the third like a man, and so the third lived as an eagle.
They sacrificed on the mountain, and burned incense on the tops of the mountains, and under the oaks, and under the mighty oaks, and under the strong oaks; for their darkness was good: therefore your daughters have committed adultery, and your brides have committed adultery.
Jesus stood before the governor. The governor said to him, Are you the King of the Jews? He said to them, You say.
Smite, weep, and shed tears. Turn your hands into mourning, And joy into groaning.
Then all those who sat in the midst of the assembly looked at him, and behold, his face was like the face of a god.
As for the prophets, my heart is grieved within me, and all my bones are broken. For Yahweh and his holy word, I am as one who sins, as one who is put to the test.
When the officers have preached to the people, then they shall set the captains over the army to lead the people.
Sing to God, the whole earth!
The cry of Heshbon and Jerealeh came to Jahaz. Therefore Moab cried out with the cry of the armor, and their heart trembled.
There passes a man from there, and behold, he is dead; and I can't find anything in my mouth.
If I say that I will forget my murmurings, Or that my laughter will be glad;
They brought up the ark of Yahweh, and the tent of meeting, and all the holy vessels of the Tent: and the priests and the Levites brought it up.
You shall count all the men of the congregation of Israel by their fathers' houses, who shall go out to war from twenty years old and upward, all who are able to go out to war in Israel.
As much as you love men, so much more you love men.
But if evil comes on us, on the sword, and on the famine, and on the pestilence, and on the famine, and we stand before this house, to cry to you before you in times of trouble; for your name is in this house, and you will hear our cry for salvation.
then hear you from heaven, and from your dwelling place, and do according to all that the Gentiles ask of you; that all the peoples of the earth may know your name, and the fear of you, and of your people Israel, and that they may know that I have made this house holy by your name.
There is none like him who is able to catch him. Who then is able to stand before me?
The apostles departed from the wisdom, from the joy of the heart; for they were found worthy to be reproved for the name of the Lord.
Moses said to Yahweh,
No, but in all these things we trust in our God, and have a perfect faith.
Samson was thirsty, and cried to Yahweh, and said, Though you have done great salvation in the hand of your servant, don't I now seek to die, and fall into the hand of those who are uncircumcised?
Ahijah was over the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and over the treasures of the holy things, among the Levites.
The woman conceived, and bore a son, and when she saw that she was a young child, she put him in the womb three months.
But the Lord God didn't dwell in the house where he lived, as the prophet said,
Aaron ran to the assembly according to the word of Moses: and behold, the plague was in the people; and he gave them incense, and made them to sin.
Bezik in the plains of the wilderness for Reuben, and Rabbath in Gilead for Gad, and Coran in Bashan for Manasseh.
For a strong city is become a desolation, And a desolate house is like the wilderness. The bulls will eat grass there, And there they will lie down, And the branches of the trees will be eaten.
All the people, even he who was with him, went to the city before it, and encamped in the north of Ai: and there was a valley between it and Ai.
You shall come to the land which Yahweh your God gives you for an inheritance, and shall dwell therein;
There was no ephah among them, neither was there a sword nor a sword hidden according to their divisions.
There came a prophet to Ahab king of Israel, and said, Thus says Yahweh, Have you seen a great multitude? behold, today I will deliver them into your hand, and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Yahweh said, Take away my inheritance, Babylon; for you rejoice and are glad; for you gird up and gird down like a calf that treads on grain, and roar like a strong horse.
Don't deceive yourself, for God is a reprobate. He shall receive according to the fruit of his labor.
You shall not take the recompense of the man who fled to the city of refuge, and give him to die before the priest, and to dwell in the land.
Kill them, Lord, and crush their speech; For I have seen violence and divisions in my city.
For he will cause you to sin, and not sin, according to your word.
But the righteous shall rejoice, and they shall rejoice before God; and they shall rejoice continually.
He said to them, See what you hear. Whatever you measure, God will measure to you, and it will be multiplied to you.
I command evil against you, Yahweh of Armies, because of the wickedness of Israel and Judah, to burn incense to Baal, to provoke me to anger; and you shall be repaid for your doings.
As he has exalted himself, so shall he afflict him; for he has said in his heart, I am a queen sitting in the king's seat, and I am not a widow, and I will not be hurt.
Let the heavens sing; for Yahweh has built them; the deep places of the earth a voice of gladness; the mountains a voice of singing: so shall the forest and all the trees of it be; for Yahweh has redeemed Jacob, and he will be glorified in Israel.
Have patience, that you may know the will of God, and receive the promise.
All the women of the land were not as beautiful as the daughters of Job; but their father gave them inheritance among their brothers.
A voice of a horse, A voice of a chariot, A shouting of horses, A shouting of chariots;
They brought him to the high priest, and the chief priests, the elders, and the scribes gathered themselves together.
Don't you know? Don't you remember that I gave five thousand men to eat bread, and that those who left to eat wood?
But there is a thing that will testify against me, that I have cried among them, saying, I have been judged this day for the resurrection of the dead.'
He became great, and great, and great, until he became great.
The people answered Joshua, and said, We will serve Yahweh our God, and will obey his voice.
Amaziah struck the Edomites in the valley of salt a hundred thousand; and he took Shelah, and called him Jothar, to this day.
He said to them, Is it better for the Sabbath to do good or to do evil? Or for the life of a man to save, or for the life of a man to harm? They held their peace.
The house which Solomon built for Yahweh was sixty cubits long, and twenty cubits broad, and thirty cubits high.
He builds a house like a man, and digs deep. He puts the foundations on the rock. When the flood comes, it covers the house, and the house is not shaken; for the house is established.
If you will not listen to me, and keep the Sabbath as a holy day, then you shall enter into every gate of Jerusalem on the Sabbath day: and I will set a fire in every gate; and the fire shall devour the palaces of Jerusalem, and shall not be devoured.
Then he passed by a great wheat field on the Sabbath day, and his disciples were hungry, and drank of wheat.
When he turns away from the first vow, he makes himself guilty.
I give thanks to the strength of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has shown me faithfulness, that I should come and serve him.
For we shall all die, as water falls on the earth, and it shall not be gathered again. But Yahweh doesn't take the life of man, but he has ordained that the souls of the dead should not be driven out from him.
When you command a man for his iniquity, you shall destroy his desire as a pestilence; for the sons of men are vanity. Selah.
You have shown loving kindness to the loving one. You have shown loving kindness to the perfect one.
Yahweh, my rock, and my Redeemer, receive before you the word of my mouth, and the thought of my heart.
Who is God, other than Yahweh? Or a rock, other than our God?
When Saul saw it, he knew that Yahweh was with David, and that Michal the daughter of Saul loved him also.
He made the ephod of gold, and of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen.
But Yahweh, who brought you up out of the land of Egypt with a mighty hand and with an outstretched arm, fear him, and worship him, and sacrifice to him.
Yahweh, you see that this is a small thing, for you have spoken of the house of your servant to a long time. Yahweh God, you have dealt with me as with the wisdom of honorable men.
Why do you tremble, my soul? Why do you cling to me? Look to God. I will praise him still, for he is the glory of my face, and my God.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Go, and tell the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, saying, Did you not receive instruction, nor obey my voice?
The way of the wicked is an abomination to Yahweh; But he who seeks righteousness will love him.
There shall be no more a voice of Yahweh heard, as in that day, because Yahweh has fought for Israel.
I said to the wicked, You shall surely die: if you don't warn him, nor warn the wicked, and cause him to depart from his evil way, to save his life; that wicked man shall die in his iniquity; but I will take his life out of your hand.
He entered again into the synagogue, and there was a man with a broken hand.
There was a river, and the springs of water were in it; and it made the city of Yahweh glad, the sanctuary of the Most High.
Man walks from his way, and walks in deceit. There is none who does good, and there is none who doesn't draw a sword.
It is better to dwell on the corner of the housetop, Than with a weary woman to dwell in a narrow house.
But if we haven't waited, we have come the second time.
You shall put on linen garments when they go in to the door of the house: you shall not put on linen garments when they go in to the door of the house, nor when they walk in the house.
It happened, when the heavens were set on fire, that Yahweh looked down from the cloud and from the pillar of fire, and saw the army of Egypt, and struck their pillars.
Yahweh has given me two tablets of stone, which Yahweh has written with a pen: and the writing on the top of it is according to all that Yahweh has spoken to you in the day of the assembly, on the mountains, and in the midst of the fire.
Who can condemn his generation? For his life has been fulfilled on the earth.
I take a little water, and give it to you to wash your feet, and lay it down under your hands.
You blind are a companion of the lioness. The little lioness is taken by you, and the camels are swallowed up.
Pharaoh shall do so, and shall set a ruler over the land. In the seventh year, in the year of rejoicing, he shall take the portion of the land of Egypt,
Aaron is dying, because he can't enter into the land which I give to the children of Israel; because you have transgressed my commandment in the waters of Meribah.
The king set it in the plains of the Jordan, between Succoth and Zeruthon, in the land of clay.
I will restore your body, and it shall heal your wounds; for they have called you a fugitive, says Yahweh: It is Zion, and no one comes to inquire of it.
I am the vine, and you are the branches; he who dwells in me, I will dwell in his, and will yield to him fruit abundantly; for if he is with me, you shall not do anything.
They gathered together all the people, the elders, and the scribes, and took Styphania, and delivered it to the council of the righteous.
These four men, whom the great men of Gath bore, were in the hand of David, and in the hand of his servants.
Every year, on the Passover, his father and his brothers passed through Jerusalem.
Your bows are gone forth. All the oaths of these tribes are true. Selah. You have divided the earth by the river.
This is the way which Yahweh your God commanded you: do it; that you may live, and be blessed, and that you may be long in the day that you shall inherit the land.
But you, son of a prostitute, he has divided you to all his possessions. When he comes, you shall kill the fattened bull for him.'
They all marveled, saying, All his works were good, and he made the deaf to hear, and the mute to speak.
Jacob lifted up his eyes, and saw Esau coming, and four hundred men with him. He divided the children, and gave them to Leah, and to Rachel, and to the two handmaids.
I will keep your statutes. Don't forsake me utterly.
All the Levites who were numbered of them, even Moses, Aaron, and the princes of Israel, by their families, by their fathers' houses,
For he has established your doors, And blessed the children of your midst.
They took him, and brought him to Annapolis; for he was a high priest of the people, and the elder of the high priest of Caiaphas that year.
I will take the silver of Samaria, and the great silver of the house of Ahab, and will put them on the walls of Jerusalem, so that seven pots shall be set before Jerusalem; and seven pots shall be broken.
Elisha said to him, What shall I do to you? You tell me; and what shall be your house? He said, Your handmaid's house has a stock of oil, and there is nothing in it.
As you lived in these dreams, so did you walk in them.
There is the heaven of heavens, and there is the earth; but the light of the ear is not like the light of the earth.
Even so, my eyes are still on them, and I will not destroy them, neither will I destroy them in the wilderness.
His border went down to the river Canaan, on the south side of the river, in the midst of the cities of Manasseh: these cities were Ephraim's; and the border of Manasseh was on the north side of the river, to the sea.
For they have set a snare in a pit, where there is no shelter, And a pit to destroy my life.
Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you entered into a man's court for a man's sake, and he went from sea to sea, but when he entered into it, you made him a more evil man than you.
It happened in the second year of Darius, in the ninth month, that the word of Yahweh came to Zechariah the prophet, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo, saying,
They speak proudly, But everyone who works iniquity is a liar.
I cut off the Amorites from before them, and they were great as cedars, and mighty as oaks; but I destroyed their fruit on the top of it, and broke down their roots on the bottom of it.
Thus did the captivity: and Ezra the priest, and certain of the heads of fathers' houses, were appointed by their fathers' houses according to their families; and they did this thing in the tenth month, on the first day of the month.
That they may hear the song of thanksgiving, And speak of all your marvelous works.
Serve Yahweh with a joyful heart. Sing praises before him.
Therefore love the stranger; for you also lived as strangers in the land of Egypt.
They said, We will not drink wine; for Jonadab the son of Rechab, our prophet, commanded us, saying, You shall not drink wine, you, nor your seed forever:
But Jesus didn't give the priesthood to another, for he lived.
They divide my garments by lot. They divide my garments by lot.
You have been released from sin, and have become bondservants of righteousness.
I testify that he has labored diligently for you, and for the Greeks, and for the Greeks.
Don't give to the animal gentleness. Don't forget the life of the poor forever.
As for man, his days are like grass. His fruit is like the flower of the field.
He made the lampstand of pure gold, and the base of the lampstand, and the pillars of it, and the cups of it, and the branches of it, and the flowers of it, of beaten work.
A man shouts for a multitude of oppressors, And he cries for the oppressors of violence.
Yahweh answered the angel who spoke with me with good words and with comfort.
Behold, I will show them this, says Yahweh; and I will show them my arm and my might. They shall know that my name is Yahweh.
But Job said to her, Why do you speak like these foolish women? Didn't we receive good from Yahweh, and not evil from him? He didn't sin from his mouth in all this.
The sword is delivered into the hand, and into the hand. It is in its place, and into the hand of the slain.
Samuel answered him, I sacrifice to Yahweh for peace. Cleanse yourselves, and sacrifice with me. Samuel cleansed Jesse and his sons, and called them to sacrifice with me.
Give to man, and you will receive; and give to you a measure of the fruit of your covenant: lift him up, and shake him, that he may be filled, and fall into your garments; for whatever measure you give to man, they shall return to you.
I know, Yahweh, that man's way is not his own; Neither can he who walks in it put his own foot wrong.
and thirty-five thousand four hundred.
Now the life of my father is with the life of this child. I am going to my father my servant, if the child isn't with us,
In the day of rain there is no water, Neither is there a woman who has a blemish.
He made a belt of fine twined linen, and blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
He put it in a ring, and put the power and the understanding in a ring.
So the waters were mixed with frankincense, and mixed with frankincense. All these were in the golden oven.
They went out, and came into the city, and found all that Jesus had said. They prepared the Passover there.
They will tell you, At the end of the day certain men will be revealed who do ungodly deeds, and will despise the faith of others.
The old man lifted up his eyes, and saw men walking in the street of the city, and said to him, Where have you come from? Where have you gone?
Don't please the wicked, Yahweh. Don't let their counsel fail, that they may be proud. Selah.
It happened, when the day of Israel's death was near, that he called Joseph his son, and said to him, If I have found favor in your sight, put your hand on me, and swear to me with loving kindness and truth, and don't bury me in Egypt.
Adonijah was afraid because of Solomon, and arose, and broke down the horns of the altar.
Jesus answered them, I will give him bread. The man was he. He gave him a loaf of bread, and gave it to Judas the son of Simon of Caleb.
The brother whom we love, and the faithful minister, Titus, will inform you of my matters and of my thoughts.
Then they divided them by lot, and took Jonah. They said to him, Tell us now, for who is the cause of this evil? What are you? Where are you from? Where is your place? Who is your father's?
For he who made no sin confessed to us, that we might be reconciled to him, and that we might establish a righteousness with God.
Now I tell you what I will do to my vineyard. I will tear it down, and it will be swallowed up. I will tear it down, and it will be trodden down.
Behold, the words which you shall speak shall be long; and when they long shall be long, they shall know that there was a prophet among them.
His bones are full of the strength of his youth; But he shall fall with him on the ground.
All the sons of Eleazar, and all the sons of Ithamar, were according to their families by their fathers' houses: they didn't divide the land among them, but made it prince in the sanctuary, and prince in God's presence.
Saul said to Jonathan, What have you said to me that you are dead? Jonathan said, Most assuredly I have put a little honey in my hand, and have spied it. Will I therefore die?
This is love, that we love one another according to the commandment of God, which you heard from the beginning.
When I brought forth your fathers out of Egypt, you came to the sea, and the Egyptians carried their chariots and their horsemen, and pursued your fathers to the Red Sea.
He made poles of acacia wood, and overlaid them with brass.
Those who were gathered together with the Gentiles, and those who were gathered together, and those who were gathered together, and those who were gathered together, and those who were gathered together, and those who were gathered together, and those who were gathered together, and those who were gathered together, and those who were gathered together, and those who were gathered together, and those who were gathered together, and those who were gathered together, and those who were gathered together, and those who were
He was full of grace and power. He did great wonders and signs among the people.
Then they brought sackcloth with them, to bring the sackcloth before him.
The princes of Moab arose, and went to Balak, and said, Balaam will not come with us.
Then Jesus went with his disciples to a place called Gad Samson. He said to his disciples, Sit here, until I come and pray there.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: Thus shall you tell the king of Judah, when he has sent you to me to inquire of me, saying, Behold, the army that came out to help you, the army of Pharaoh, shall return into the land of Egypt.
I write to you, Titus, who is my true son in our faith. Grace to you and peace from God our Father and Christ Jesus our Savior.
One of his servants answered the king, and said, Send us five horses left over, which are left in the city: behold, they are left in the city as the children of Israel; behold, they are destroyed as the children of Israel; and let us see.
His dominion is great, but not from his own dominion; and he shall do exceeding destruction, and prosper, and shall do according to his own will; and he shall destroy the rulers and the holy people.
A certain man's name was Eliezer; for Moses said, The God of my father helped me, and delivered me out of the sword of Pharaoh.
Her branches shall be broken, and her women shall burn them; for the people are foolish: therefore their God will not be merciful to them, neither will he be gracious to them, who created them.
If the pomegranate hasn't grown in its place, and hasn't been borne in its place, the priest shall pronounce him clean.
Yahweh did according to his will in heaven, and in the earth, and in the sea, and in all the depths of the deep.
I will enlarge the nations, and all the nations shall come, and I will fill the house with glory, says Yahweh of Armies.
I will be to him a Father, and he will be to me a son; and I will not leave my loving kindness from him, as I did to a king from the way before me.
When he saw a fig tree by the way, he sat down, and said, There is no fruit in the tree, but a sycamore tree. He said to the tree, You shall no more produce fruit from now on. The fig tree dried up immediately.
Then Jesus called the multitudes and his disciples to himself, and said to them, If anyone desires to follow me, let him leave his cross, and follow me.
I will make Jerusalem a heap of dust, and a dwelling place for the wild donkeys; and I will make the cities of Judah a desolation, and no man shall dwell therein.
All the loving kindness and the truth which you have shown to your servant, even the youngest, I haven't gotten. I took my rod, and passed over this Jordan, and am now two great men.
Joshua rose up early in the morning, and went out, he and all Israel with him, from Shittim, and came to the Jordan: and before he had passed over, he slept there, until he had passed over the river.
Samson said to them, This time I have hurt the Philistines, and they have not sinned against me.
On Mount Zion shall flee, and shall be sanctified; and the house of Jacob shall possess it.
It happened on one of those days, that Eli slept in his own place; and his eyes were closed, and he could not see.
Therefore the promise is by faith, that the promise may be preserved in the peace of God for all the children of Abraham, not only those who are circumcised, but also those who are bound to the faith of Abraham, our fathers.
It happened in the first month, on the first day of the seventh year, in the first day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Pharaoh prepared his chariot, and led his people away together.
God said to him who was clothed in linen, Go in, and take the cherubim in the midst of the wheel of the way, and take the two sticks full of the coals of fire from the cherubim, and lay them on the wall. Then my eyes were on him who went in.
You shall take a wife, and other shall be with her; and you shall build houses, and shall not stand in them; and you shall plant vineyards, and shall not eat of their fruit.
Saying, Where is the promise of the Lord? All our fathers are dead, but all things are new from the foundation of the world.
They came to Philip the Bethsaidite, who was in Galilee, and begged him, saying, Sir, we want to see Jesus.
The lord said to him, I tell you, I will increase him who is dead, and all that he has left of him will I take away.
Samson struck them with great violence, and burned their dead bodies. He went down to dwell on the stone of Etam.
One man has faith in a spirit, and another has healing in a spirit.
Prepare you yourselves, and prepare you yourselves, you, and all the army that is with you; and you shall be their captain.
Yahweh preserves all those who love him; But he will destroy all those who do evil.
Don't you remember that four thousand of you ate seven loaves of bread, and you sat on the sand that was left over?
When we had sat by the river of Babylon, we remembered Zion; and our eyes fell on it.
For the Levite has no portion nor inheritance among you: he shall eat of it, he, and the foreigner, and the fatherless, and the widow, who dwell in your gates; so that Yahweh your God may bless you in all that you do.
When they were disappointed because of their hope, they were dismayed, and came to the end.
Then Gideon brought the people down to the water. Yahweh said to Gideon, He who eats and drinks, as the lion does, let him stand alone; and he who drinks and goes down to drink, let him stand alone.
Every vow, and every swearing of the covenant, he shall afflict himself; and his husband shall establish him, and his wife shall take him away.
When Jesus was angry, one looked at them, and was grieved because of them. He said to the man, Stretch out your hand. He stretched out his hand, and it went out.
Yahweh spoke to Moses the same day, saying,
He is a snare in the waters. Their weight is cursed on the earth. He doesn't turn again to walk in the vineyards.
He will die in his youth. Their life will be as a child, and will be stricken with evil.
For Israel has forgotten to build their lord, and to prepare; and the house of Judah has built strong cities: and I will send a fire on them, and will burn their camp.
When Jesus, the Lord, had made an end of speaking these words to them, he was taken up into heaven, and sat on God's right hand.
You are afflicted. I will put a hyssop on your head, and a blue stone on your foundations. I will make you a rest from the whirlwind.
When you cry with a loud voice, that your gathering may save you, the wind shall sweep them away, and the breath shall blow them up; but he who trusts in me will possess the land, and will inherit my holy mountain.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: I will judge you, house of Israel, according to all that you have done: turn you from all your iniquities, that sins not consume you.
Those who were speaking with him marveled at his understanding and his answer.
and he was king in the plains of the Jordan between Succoth and Zalethon, in the land of clay, and he made clay tablets of clay.
He measured his length twenty cubits, and his breadth twenty cubits, before the house: and he said to me, This is the most holy thing.
Saul was very angry, and didn't delight himself in this word: and he said, Give ten thousand to David, and ten thousand to me, but leave me only the remnant of the kingdom.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and serve him; and you shall swear by his name.
She cried with a loud voice, Woe to you! Woe to Babylon! Now this city is become a dwelling place for mighty men, and for all the snares of evil spirits, and for all the animals of abomination and affliction.
But if a man doesn't believe in his heart, he will not receive it with joy. He who comes near to God must believe in his presence, and that he will reward those who seek him.
Nevertheless I didn't forsake them, nor abhor them, when they were in the land of their enemies; but I destroyed them utterly, and rebelled against my covenant which I made with them; for I am Yahweh their God.
Take heed to yourselves; for they shall deliver you up to the council, and you shall be struck in the synagogue: and you shall stand before the magistrates and the kings for my cause, and shall be witnesses against me.
Then you shall lift up your face without blemish; and you shall stand, and shall not be afraid.
As he was sitting on the Mount of Olives, looking toward the temple, Peter, James, John, and Andrew asked him secretly, saying,
Egypt is full as the Nile, and its waters are as the rivers flowing. His words say, I will go up, and I will cover the land. I will destroy the cities, and the inhabitants of it.
Pharaoh said to him, What lack have you here, that you should return to your own country? He said to him, I lack nothing, but let me return.
But I will bring back the captivity of the children of Ammon, says Yahweh.
You have made your base in the garden of Eden, in the house of God, of every precious stone, of ruby, and of golden, and of purple, and of purple, and of purple, and of purple, and of scarlet, and of scarlet, which you sacrificed to you in the day that you were made.
Moses went up into the cloud, and was on the mountain forty days and forty nights.
If you love one another, then all the people will know that you are my disciples.
There shall be no night nor the light of the lamp, nor the light of the sun; for the Lord God will shine on them, and they shall reign forever.
and the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mixed with the fourth part of a hin of oil, for a meal offering.
There is Assyria, and all his people; and their graves are round about him; they are all slain by the sword.
As for all the wicked neighbors whom I have caused to perish, even all the children of Israel whom I have given to me, thus says Yahweh: Behold, I will drive them out of their land, and I will drive the house of Judah out of the midst of them.
The princes, being angry with Jeremiah, struck him, and put him in the prison of Jonathan the scribe, because they had made him a prisoner.
He will judge the world in righteousness. He will judge all men in righteousness.
and the food, and the perfume, and the oil, and the honey, which I have given you, which I have given you, you shall set before them for a sweet savor; most assuredly you shall do it, says the Lord Yahweh.
The Lord said, It would be better for us, if we didn't turn aside into the cities of the Gentiles, which are not of the children of Israel, that we should pass over to Gibeah.
From thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who enters into the service in the Tent of Meeting shall number himself.
The angel cast the pomegranates into the earth, and the vines into the earth, and the grapes into the winepress of God's wrath.
Yahweh your God will also gather you from there, and bring you again from there, you who are driven away, and you who are in heaven.
When I speak of a nation or of a nation, To establish and to establish;
If he accepts you, the peace which you have blessed will be theirs. If not, take the peace which you have blessed.
He said, Beware, don't be deceived, for many will come in my name, saying, I am the Christ,' and, The hour is near. Don't follow them.
It happened after this, that Moab and the children of Ammon came together, and the Midianites to fight against Jehoshaphat.
Yahweh said to him, Take me three young bulls, three male goats, three male rams, three male lambs a year old, one male donkey, and one female donkey.
They said one to another, Didn't we bring bread, and he said the same thing?
He who commits iniquity is the devil, for the devil has iniquity from the beginning. The work of the Son of God is to destroy the work of the devil.
You shall strike every strong city, and every beautiful city, and shall cut down every good tree, and shall bind all the springs of water, and shall stone all the good fields.
You have thrown forth a great famine. You have thrown down those who rise up against you. You have thrown forth a great wrath. You have burned them like grass.
They came very far from the way which I commanded them; and they brought down for themselves a bull, and worshiped it, and sacrificed to it, saying, This is the god that brought you up out of the land of Egypt.
God is our refuge and strength, And help in the midst of our troubles.
Besides Jesus, they were not saved, because there was no name given among men in heaven, that we might be saved by that name.
Your eyes are the light of your body. If your eyes are gold, your whole body shall be light; but if your eyes are purple, your whole body shall be darkness.
The fugitives' strength was tested, and they stood in the shadow of Heshbon: but the fire went out of Heshbon, and the flame went out of Sihon, and consumed all the border of Moab, and all the head of the laborers.
I, Daniel, have seen the vision, and have sought to understand it: and there will be before me a man who will appear like a man.
My brothers, don't swear by heaven, or by earth, or by any thing: it is not he who says it, nor is he who says it; that God may not judge them.
I brought them into the hands of the peoples, and gathered them together to a place where there was not a man left: and they shall know that I am Yahweh their God.
Please don't be far from me, Yahweh. Please come near to help me, God, my strength.
It happened in the morning, that Pharaoh's heart was troubled, and he sent to bring all the mighty men of Egypt, and the magicians; and Pharaoh told them what he dreamed, and there was no one who could tell Pharaoh's dream.
Simon Peter answered him, Lord, who are we to follow after you, because you have spoken of eternal life?
See if I have done any evil thing. Lead me in a way that leads to eternal life.
Hear, it is the voice of my beloved. Behold, he comes. He dances on the mountains, He dances on the bars.
It happened in the tenth year, in the seventh month, on the seventh day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
A voice shall be heard on the ends of the earth, for Yahweh will be with the nations; and he will deal with all those who are uncovered; and he will deliver them up to the sword, if it be the wicked, says Yahweh.
He had seven sons and three daughters.
But I will rejoice in one of those things which are done by men.
(Now Hannah cried in her heart, but her lips were stiff, and she didn't hear: therefore Eli became drunken.)
You shall not stand among those who flee among them: you shall not deliver the remnant of them against the enemy in the day of their calamity.
His servant's seed shall inherit the land, And those who love him shall dwell in it.
The rest of the families of the sons of Kohath, their cities, were ten cities with their suburbs.
Can a man profit from God? Yes, a wise man profites himself.
It happened, when Rachel had conceived Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, Send me away, that I may return to my place and to my country.
and the gold and the silver which the king and his servants pleased to offer, to give to the God of Israel, who dwells at Jerusalem;
You shall teach them to keep all my commandments which I command you; and you shall remember that I am with you until the end of the world.
He showed him all that was in him in his heart, and said to him, The king hasn't slain my head with the sword; for I am a prostitute to Yahweh from my mother's womb; and if Yahweh thresh me, my strength shall depart from me, and I shall be broken as another man.
So shall he who is holy be clothed with white, and I will not blot out his name from the book of life; but I will utterly deny his name before my Father and his angels.
All your brothers greet you. Greet each other with a holy offering.
Israel said, Why do you tell the man that you are a brother, seeing you do so to me?
You will break them with a rod of iron, Like a rod that spits out fire.
If I go up into heaven, there you are. If I lie down in Sheol, there you are also.
It happened, when Ramah heard a voice, and wept bitterly, and Rachel wept for her sons and for her daughters, that she would not be comforted, for they were all gone.
The brothers of Joseph, when they saw that his father loved him more, hated him, and spoke pleasant things with him.
Ahimelech said to the king, Who is among your servants who is worthy of David? He is the king's son-in-law, and he is your counselor; and he is honorable in your house.
Is the man whose field is to be cultivated continually? Or is he who sifts his ground continually?
David took Ahinoam the Jezreelite, and they were all his wives.
Moses brought the people out of the camp to meet God, and they stood on the mountain.
You shall kill him on the north side of the altar before Yahweh: and Aaron's sons the priests shall sprinkle their blood on the altar round about.
His daughter's name was Seerah, who built Beth Horon, and Beth Horon, and Uzselah.
He said to me, You great lover, Daniel, understand what I have said to you. Arise, for I have sent to you. When he spoke to me, I stood up straight.
Joram took all the chariots, and passed over to Zil, and rose up early in the night, and struck the Edomites who surrounded him, and the captains of the chariots: and the people fled, and went every man to his tent.
The great and the honorable are the first, And the prophets who teach lies are the last.
Be strong, that God may consider you an abomination, a lowly man, and a faithful witness of the truth.
that I may be glorified in the day of Christ; for I am not a liar, and my labor is not in vain.
Solomon built the cities which Hiram had given Solomon, and made Israel to dwell therein.
Give thanks to Yahweh with harps, And praise him with ten songs.
He called all the chief priests and the scribes of the people together, and said to them, Where is Christ born?
Arise, sword, against my shepherds, and against him who is with me, says Yahweh of Armies: strike the shepherds, and the flocks shall be scattered; and I will turn my hand, and strike the little ones.
When all Israel saw that the king didn't listen to them, the people said to the king, What portion have we in David? We have nothing to do with the sons of Jesse: return, Israel, to your tents, David; and the children of Israel returned to their tents.
Now therefore choose you out of the tribes of Israel twelve men, out of every tribe one;
They said to Joshua, We are your servants. Joshua said to them, Who are you? From where have you come?
Remember, Yahweh, how I have walked before you in perfect heart, and in truth, and in the good that you have seen. Hezekiah wept bitterly.
For one man's disobedience, all men are sinners; and for another man's obedience, all men are righteous.
The money that is redeemed from the house of the people shall be Aaron's and his sons'.
He is feared by men of godliness, and by the house of God, who sacrifices to the poor and needy, and prays continually to God.
He had a son, Saul by name, a mighty man of valor, and a good looking head; and there was none like him in Israel: and he had a higher head than all the people.
Samuel said to Saul, Why have you troubled me, and brought me up? Saul said, I am afflicted to the end. For God has not departed from me, neither has he answered me with prophets, or with dreams. Please come, that I may do.
But he said to them, Come after me, and go out to those who are dead, and bury them.
The word of Yahweh came to Jonah the son of Amittai, saying,
I will make this house like Shiloh, and will make it a sign to all the nations of the earth that curse it.'
But if these are in my heart, they are hidden from my face.
But David brought him from Kiriath Jearim to the place prepared for him; for he had pitched his tent for God in Jerusalem.
Come, let us walk in the way of peace, both in darkness and in the shadow of death.
I lifted up my hands toward heaven, and said, I tell you my eternal life:
A fool is wise if he holds his peace, But he who doesn't hold his peace is wise.
but Solomon was made king.
So the field and the caves of the field were given to Abraham for an inheritance from the Hittites, for a burial ground.
But his heart was lifted up, and his holy place lifted up, so that he walked in pride; and he broke down his throne, and took away his glory.
Jacob took the green trees, and the palm trees, and the sycamore trees, and the olive trees, and the pomegranates; and he covered the innards with white, and made the branches of the innards white.
He who blesses Yahweh will inherit the promised land. He who curses him will perish.
There is great fear of the wicked. God is in the midst of the righteous.
He delivered their livestock to hail, And their flocks to lightning.
It happened in those days, that after two full years his horn came out for the plague, and he died; and his people didn't burn his offerings, as they burned his fathers.
Therefore, beloved, you all have obeyed me when I was with you; but now I am not with you: obey, and be afraid, and tremble, until you have delivered yourself.
He traveled from Babylon on the first day of the first month, and on the fifth day of the same he came to Jerusalem; for the hand of God was kindled on him.
Go, gather together the elders of Israel, and tell them, Yahweh, the God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, has appeared to me, saying, Most assuredly I have listened to you; and I have seen what they have done to you in Egypt.
But he who hates his brother or his sister lives in darkness. He lives in darkness, and doesn't know his fortunes, because the darkness has blinded his eyes.
These are the boards of the tent of meeting, the bars of it, its pillars, its troughs, all its vessels, and all its service:
Therefore the first priests, and all those who went in to the house of Ashdod, didn't tread the first stumbling block until this day.
I give you my full attention, lest my labor in the midst of you fail.
This is Yahweh who sat on my throne, Who has subdued me by the peoples.
He said, If you will listen diligently to the voice of Yahweh your God, and to do that which is right in the eyes of Yahweh, and listen diligently to his commandments, and to keep all his statutes, then you shall not find my affliction which I have caused to happen to the Egyptians; for I am Yahweh who heals you.
He made the altar of burnt offering of acacia wood. Its length was five cubits, and its breadth five cubits; and the height of it was three cubits.
Thus says Yahweh: As I have brought this great evil on this people, so will I bring on them all the good that I have promised them.
I shall die in this land, and I shall not pass over the Jordan; but you shall pass over to the good land.
Pharaoh said, I will let you go, and sacrifice to Yahweh your God in the wilderness; but don't go far; but pray to me.
These are the statutes and the ordinances, which Yahweh, the God of your fathers, gives you to walk in all your days in the land which Yahweh your father gives you to possess it:
Their kings and their princes shall go into captivity together, says Yahweh.
Job answered,
The wicked shall be brought to Sheol. The nations that don't remember God shall do the same.
For Yahweh your God is with you, and he will fight for you against your enemies, and will save you.
But you shall not build a house; but the son of your seed shall build a house for my name.'
The wind came out of Yahweh, and blew the sand from the sea, and fell on the edge of the camp about a day's journey, and on the edge of the camp about a day's journey; and all the campers died round about, and you were about two cubits away.
Hiram king of Tyre sent messengers to David, to build him a house, with cedar wood, and with dust and water.
Yahweh is my light and my salvation. Who am I afraid of? Yahweh is the strength of my life. Who am I afraid of?
You shall eat no blood; so shall you do that which is right in the eyes of Yahweh; and you shall be blessed, you, and your seed after you.
Beloved, don't believe any spirit. Test him, that he is not of God, for many false prophets have appeared on this earth.
The cloud arose out of the tent, and behold, Milam was leprous as snow. Aaron saw Milam, and behold, he was leprous.
Cry aloud, you shepherds! Lay your hands on the head of the flock! For the day of your slain and of your dispersed is come. You will fall like a man's kneading.
For I say this, every man has his own interpretation, and he says, I am Paul's; and he says, I am Apollos'; and he says, I am Peter's, and he says, I am Christ's.
For Yahweh is he who made the heavens, and he is God, who sits on the earth and works them out, and strengthens them; he is not vanity, but he has made them to dwell in. Thus says he, I am Yahweh, and there is none else.
Paul, who was crucified for Christ Jesus, and wrote to Philip, our beloved brother Timothy,
You have sown iniquity. You have redeemed iniquity. You have eaten a lying fruit. For you have trusted in your own ways. You have trusted in many mighty men.
Moses and Aaron fell on their faces before all the congregation of the children of Israel.
Why do the nations prophesy? Why do the peoples devise vain things?
You know that when he sought to be blessed, he was rejected by his father, because he didn't seek wisdom to change his father's heart, so that he cried out with tears, but could not be blessed.
Be dismayed, ship of Tarshish, for Tyre is laid waste, and there is neither house, nor man to enter in. This news shall be known to them from the land of Kittim.
But the Jews said, He said, You can't go to the place where I am going.' Shall he go to trial?
He who strikes the young man and the virgin, He who strikes the shepherd and his flock, He who strikes the farmer and his great bull, He who strikes the governor and his ruler.
I will bring you into the wilderness of the Gentiles, and there I will examine you.
The high priest said, Are these things so?
For the Lord heard the voice of the chariot and the voice of the horse, the voice of a great army, among the army of Syria. They said together, Behold, the king of Israel has bought the kings of the Hittites, and the kings of Egypt, to fight against us.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were fifty-one thousand three hundred.
It happened, as soon as he went up into the great land, that all the foundations of the prison trembled, and all the prison gates were opened, and the backs of the criminals trembled all the time.
The seven priests who bore the seven horns of the ram went before the ark of Yahweh steadily, blowing brass; and the armor carried them before them; and after the ark of the covenant of Yahweh the priests went, blowing brass.
Most assuredly I tell you, it isn't until the end of the earth that the law is broken, and the law's stumbling block is made.
The king of Egypt said to them, Moses and Aaron, why do you let the people bear their burdens? go, do the work which you ought to do.
having received the Holy Spirit, knowing that before he had seen Christ, the promise of the Lord,
Don't let a father's son provoke his son or his daughter to anger, that they don't perish.
He made the hin of a sweet savor, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Behold, they go away from evil; the Egyptians shall gather them, and the Moabites shall bury them: and they shall bring forth a snare out of their purses, and out of their cloaks shall they bring forth a snare.
I am a Jew who was born in Damascus, in the city of Jerusalem, a disciple of Gamaliel, and a ruler of the kingdom that is here this day, to teach our fathers the law with all his heart and with all his soul.
When he had commanded the twelve, he departed from there, and went into the city, teaching and preaching the Good News.
Now there was a certain servant of the centurion whom he had appointed, who was sick and was about to die.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Take your rod, and stretch out your hand on the waters of Egypt, on their rivers, on their streams, and on all their wells, that they may become blood; and there shall be blood on all wood and stone in all the land of Egypt.
David said to the servants who were with him in Jerusalem, Arise, let's flee; and if we don't flee, we can't escape Absalom: let's hurry and go, lest he hurry to pursue us, and to destroy us, and to kill the men of the city with the edge of the sword.
Know therefore that the word of God concerning salvation has been preached to the Gentiles, and they will hear and receive it.
Woe to you, nations, when your king is a child, And your princes rejoice in the morning.
He took him by the hand, and gave him thanks. This was a Samaritan.
Your lips are like a pomegranate, And your mouth is beautiful. Your lips are like open pomegranates in the womb.
Is it according to your commandment, that the high one dies in the high place?
You fathers, don't provoke your children to anger, but strengthen them in the Lord's commandments and in his precepts.
It happened after this, that Jeroboam didn't depart from his evil way; but he set up a high priest out of all the people, and whoever desired to be priest over the mountain, he set him.
Then I will establish your throne, as I made a covenant with David your father, saying, Your seed shall rule over Israel forever.
You shall not eat the bread of a robber, nor buy his good wine.
Every creeping thing that creeps, and walks on its feet, is an abomination to you.
Isaiah said, Take a piece of fig bread. They took it, and sat on it, and the king was well.
Jesus answered them, The seasons and the days are the commandments of the Father, which you don't know.
until Yahweh gives peace to your brothers, and to all who have given you it; and they shall receive the land which Yahweh your God gives to them beyond the Jordan; and you shall return every man to the land which I give to you for an inheritance.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
If a man doesn't keep one portion of the law, he has not kept all the law.
For those who are circumcised and those who are not circumcised are without reproach. Those who are circumcised obey the commandments of God.
They answered before the king, Daniel, the thief of the captivity of the children of Judah, he has not taken away your supplication nor your supplication, but he prays a day and a half.
To him who created the light, For his loving kindness endures forever.
This is the history of Noah's generations. Noah was righteous, and perfect in his generation. Noah went with God.
and he spoke to him concerning these things, saying, The Hebrew servant, whom you brought to us from abroad, comes to me to make mention of me;
It happened in those days, when Mordecai was sitting at the king's gate, that there were in the king's guard two men who kept the gate: Benthon and Teresh, who were angry, and plotted against king Ahasuerus.
Pharaoh said, Behold, the people of the land are very many, and you will call them to nothing.
He drove out the nations before them, And measured the land of the Gentiles with cords for an inheritance, And gave the tribes of Israel tents for the Gentiles.
Grace be with you, Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
Yahweh said to Moses, When you go up into Egypt, do that which is right in your hand, and show it before Pharaoh: but I will harden his heart, and he will not let this people go.
The young ladies of Zion are purer than milk, and whiter than milk, and their flesh is finer than precious stones, like the light of a sapphire stone.
As for Jehoiakim king of Judah, say, Thus says Yahweh, You have burned it, saying, Why have you written in it, saying, The king of Babylon shall surely destroy the land, and cause the inhabitants of it, and the livestock, to die?
Yahweh said to Joshua, Arise, why do you fall this way on the earth?
Then his disciples came and asked him, Who is the greatest in the Kingdom of Heaven?
For your arrows have taken away my flesh. Your hand has held me securely.
He went with him, and great multitudes followed him.
He overlaid the house with gold, and the cords, and the snuffers, and the walls, and the doors, with cherubim.
For thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will bring out the inhabitants of this land at this time, and will make them sick, and will make them fat.
that your days may be multiplied, and the days of your seed, in the land which Yahweh swore to your fathers to give them; as the days of the heavens that cover the earth.
Rehoboam went to Shechem; for all Israel came to Shechem to make him king.
Go, inquire of Yahweh for me, and for the people, and for all Judah, the words of this book; for Yahweh is angry with us, because our fathers didn't listen to the words of this book, nor do all that is written concerning us.
If they are ashamed of all that they have done, you shall write before their eyes all the plagues of this house, and its appearance, and its outward place, and its outward place, and its outward appearance, and its outward appearance, and its outward appearance, and its outward appearance, and its outward appearance; that they may do according to all their plagues, and according to all their outward appearance.
So they took every man his censer, and put fire in it, and put the censer on it; and Moses and Aaron stood at the door of the Tent of Meeting.
They have given me a savior, I and your spirit. Honor such a man.
Woe to you! For you are a tomb to the prophets who were slain for your fathers!
Therefore I tell you, don't wait for your life to eat and to drink, or for your body to put on anything. Isn't your life more precious than food? Isn't your body more precious than clothing?
There shall be on the earth a nation like your people Israel, whom Yahweh has redeemed to be his people, to give you a name exceeding great and mighty; for you have driven out your people from before your people, whom you have redeemed to come out of Egypt.
David said to Solomon his son, Be strong and of good courage; don't be afraid, neither be dismayed; for Yahweh God, my God, is with you; he will not leave you, nor forsake you, until all the work of the house of Yahweh be accomplished.
Many of the multitude prophesied about him, saying, He is a good man. Others said, No, but he stirs up the multitudes.
I have made Saul king for the sake of his return, because he has turned away from following me, and has not kept my commandments. Samuel prayed to Yahweh all night with a great heart.
The children of Benjamin didn't drive out the Jebusites who lived in Jerusalem: and the Jebusites remained in Jerusalem with the children of Benjamin to this day.
Others tried to deceive him, asking him to do signs out of heaven.
He fell at his feet, and rose up before the sun, and didn't know it. He said, Let no man know that a woman is come to the threshing floor.
Now we know that you know all things, and don't let anyone ask you. For this cause we believe that you are from God.
He said to them, Go and tell the donkey, Behold, today and tomorrow I will cast out demons and worms, until the third day.'
You came down on Mount Sinai, and spoke with them out of the sky, and gave them a righteous law, and a righteous law, and good statutes, and commandments;
Thus shall you tell the prophet, What has Yahweh answered you? What has Yahweh said?
Then the king of Israel called a ruler, and said, Go, call Micaiah the son of Imlah.
From the rising of the sun, and from the going down of the sun, it shall be known that there is none else besides me: I am Yahweh, and there is none else besides me.
All your enemies have opened their mouth to you. They have lifted up their hands, and lifted up their mouth, and said, We will swallow him up. This is the day that we hoped: now we have found it, and we have seen it.
All these things are abominations of poverty and affliction.
He brought Aaron's sons, and Moses sprinkled some of the blood on their right ear, and on the thumb of their right hand, and on the big toe of their right foot: and Moses sprinkled the blood on the altar round about.
They were numbered by their fathers' houses, according to the number of their males: and the number of those who were numbered of them from a month old and upward was six thousand two hundred.
The temple of God opened in heaven, and the temple of God saw the ark of his covenant; and there came down lightning, and a roaring of thunder, and a great snare.
Immediately they looked around, and didn't see any, but Jesus was with them.
For Damascus was the head of Syria, and Rezin the head of Damascus: in sixty-five years Ephraim shall be destroyed, so that it shall not be a nation.
On the seventh day the priest shall examine him; and if it spreads on the skin, the priest shall pronounce him unclean. It is leprosy.
If there be a recompense, they shall stand and judge; and they shall judge according to my judgment; and I shall keep my statutes in all my feasts; and I shall keep my Sabbaths holy.
He returned with his father and his mother to Nazareth, and bore them. His mother wrote all these words in her mind.
We will not have possession with them on the other side of the Jordan any more; for our possession is on this side eastward of the Jordan.
Most assuredly, I love to speak with the Almighty. I love to walk with God.
Yahweh, the God of Israel, how is this done in Israel this day among a tribe?
For when they went into the valley of Eshcol to see the land, they made Israel to burn it, and they didn't want to go into the land which Yahweh gave them.
On the south side, according to their divisions, was the great day of the camp of Reuben: and Elizur the son of Ziduur was prince over the children of Reuben.
But Hezekiah and the inhabitants of Jerusalem humbled themselves, because they were proud, so that the wrath of Yahweh didn't come on them in the days of Hezekiah.
If the free man pursues after him, they shall not deliver the slain man into his hand; for he has slain his neighbor wrongfully, and doesn't hate him at all.
and it was told me that Saul was dead, and that he had taken him for a good news, and I killed him in Shechem; for I had given him for a news story.
You shall make a covering of fine linen for them, and you shall feed their nakedness: and you shall go from waist to toe.
You have made us a prey among the nations, And made all the peoples to shake their heads at us.
Therefore Solomon sought to kill Jeroboam; and Jeroboam fled to Egypt, and came to Sishak king of Egypt; and he lived in Egypt until Solomon died.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: The time has not yet come for this people to speak concerning the house of Yahweh.
The Moabites were slain there at that time about a thousand men of valor, all of them mighty men of valor. There was not a man who escaped.
Yahweh is my rock, and he is worthy to be praised. He has measured my hand to the battle, To the snares of my teeth.
Son of man, prophesy, and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh concerning the children of Ammon, and concerning their deeds: Thus shall you say, A sword, and a swift sword, have come forth to kill, and to make them like lightning to devour.
Joash slept with his fathers, and was buried with the kings of Israel in Samaria: and Jeroboam his son reigned in his place.
You shall take of every offering a wave offering to Yahweh for a wave offering; and it shall be for the priests who offer the blood of the peace offerings.
The ship traveled many days, and came into the sea of Canaan. Because the wind was strong, we believed in the side of Canaan, and went over from Samonah.
The Gileadites, and all the princes of Gilead, said one to another, Who shall go first against the children of Ammon? The man shall be chief of all Gileadites.
But the men didn't listen to him; and he brought out his young man to them outside; and they fought with him, and made him a reproach all night, and let him go until the morning light.
Peter brought them into the house, and let them stay all night. On the next day Peter went with them, and some of the brothers of Joppa followed him.
It happened on the next day, that Moses entered into the Tent of the Exodus; and behold, the rod of Aaron, the son of Levi, was broken, and bald, and bald, and became bald.
David reigned over Israel forty years; and he reigned seven years in Hebron, and thirty-three years reigned he in Jerusalem.
David inquired of Yahweh; and Yahweh said, Don't put your trust in anyone; but turn your ear toward them, and strike them with your right hand and with your left.
For every sinner who enters into the world dies, and all those who enter into it will die; for all will sin.
For whoever forgets God's servant, his path is the same. He who is ungodly, his hope is gone.
The sky was opened, and many peoples were dead, and their bodies rose up.
David went into the house of God in the days of Abiathar the high priest, and ate the bread of the altar, and gave it to those who were present; but the bread of the sacrifice was not eaten by any man other than the priest, according to the law.
and their meal offering of fine flour mixed with oil, three tenth parts for each bull, three tenth parts for each ram, one tenth part for each ram.
All the people glorified Temurod, and the truth testified about him. We testified about him, and you know that our testimony is true.
Hear this word, if you understand it. Turn your ear to the voice of my words.
Let my tongue sing to your promise, For all your commandments are righteous.
The angel said, You shall not lay your hand on this child, neither shall you do anything to him; for now I know that you fear God, and that you will not give me your son, even your firstborn.
He also argued with the Hebrews, who prophesied with him, and they conspired against him to kill him.
I will clothe your yoke with it, and I will gird up your waist with it, and I will give your dominion into his hand; and he shall be a father to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and to the house of Judah.
They sailed to the other side of Capernaum, but Jesus didn't come to them until the evening.
The father said to them, Where is he going from here? for his son saw the way of the man of God, who came from Judah.
He said, Hear now, I am with you. Blessed are those who keep the words of this prophecy.
Moses turned and went down onto the mountain, and took in his hand two arks of a covenant: and the two arks were written, and the writing of the one ark was written.
Yahweh is great, and worthy to be praised. His statutes are without blemish.
My dwelling place is taken away from me, as the tents of sheep; and I have bound up my life with this man; and he will break me from the beginning even to the end; and Yahweh has determined to redeem my life from morning to evening.
Jesus answered them, Be you in the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your soul.
Azariah the priest brought in after him eighty men of the mighty men of God.
Saul said, Take a pledge between me and Jonathan my son. He took a pledge against Jonathan.
Put away my reproach, which you have brought forth. For the snares of your hands I am about to be consumed.
Then the captain of the army found a ship that was coming from Aristarchus, that he might open to Jedaliah; and he called us to be captain of the ship.
The children of Israel slept in tents, according to their armies, according to their camps, according to their great days.
Therefore the children of Israel didn't eat the root of the tumult to this day; for the man ate the root of the tumult of Jacob.
Hezekiah commanded in the house of Yahweh that they should prepare grain. So they prepared.
What do you think about him? Whose seed is he? They answered him, The seed of David.
For I am in Christ Jesus. Therefore I am glorified in God.
and fifty-three thousand four hundred.
So if you don't forgive your brothers with all your heart, neither will my Father deal with you like this.
The waters ceased from the earth one hundred fifty days after, and the waters ceased.
Then justice will dwell in the wilderness, And righteousness in the fruitful field.
As Jesus Christ our Lord has shown me, I know that the days of my departure are near.
The king answered, I know that you are liars, for you know that I have forgotten the dream.
that he should suffer, and rise from the dead, that the light of salvation may be preached to the Jews and to the Gentiles;
Do good, brothers, and don't wait.
The Egyptians pursued after them; and all the horses of Pharaoh, and the chariots of it, and the horsemen of it, and all the army of it, pursued after them by the sea toward Pharaoh Philioth, over against Baal Zephon, in the place where the children of Israel encamped.
This was the second year of king Darius, in the sixth month, in the twenty-fourth day of the month.
They shall bring to this city the glory and honor of the nations.
For you know that anyone who commits sexual immorality, or commits adultery, or commits adultery (this is an idol), can't become a people of Christ, nor of the Kingdom of God.
They can't obtain from you the testimonies which they testify against me.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: I will bring many against them, and will cause them to be cast down and to be cast out, and to be cut off.
Balak took Balaam, and brought him up to the hill country of Sophia, and went up to the top of Pisgah, and built seven altars, and offered each one of them a bull and a ram.
So you also received the teaching of Nikkei.
Moses commanded the children of Israel according to the word of Yahweh, saying, Let the tribe of the children of Joseph speak.
He took his father's or his mother's things, and said, This is not sin; but this man is a mighty man.
Therefore we say, Now let us build ourselves an altar, not for burnt offering, nor for any sacrifice;
Save from Yahweh. Blessed be your people. Selah.
saying, If you are King of the Jews, save yourself.
Now, brothers, I have come to you without pretense, neither with beauty, nor with wisdom, to proclaim the word of God to you.
He hurried, and poured out the water of the chamber into the trough; and he ran to the well, and drew water, and gave to all his camels to drink water.
Moses commanded them the way by which they went, according to the commandment of Yahweh: so they went their way.
When you walk, you shall not stumble. When you run, you shall not stumble on anything.
I will stretch out my hand, and strike him with all the wonders that I will do in Egypt; and he shall go with you.
The captain of the guard took Shelaiah the high priest, and Zephaniah the second priest, and the three doorkeepers;
Another angel came out of the temple, and cried out from the top of the cloud, saying, Take up your cymbal, for the time has come, and all the work of the earth is finished.
He cried with a loud voice at the entrance of the gate, and at the entrance of the gate, and at the entrance of the gate,
It will happen at that time, that the mighty people will be afraid, even the bright people who are from abroad, who divide the land to tread on, and their land will be divided, and they will offer an offering to Yahweh of Armies, even to Mount Zion, where Yahweh has set his name.
They shall go forth to see the dead bodies of those who rebel against me; for their plague shall not die, neither shall their fire extinguish; and all those who have them shall abhor them.
Be glad in Yahweh, and remember his holy name, and praise, you righteous.
Beware of him, and listen to his voice before him, and don't disobey him; he will not forgive your disobedience, because he has come in my name.
When you say, It is,' you shall say it, It is,' and when you say, It isn't,' the rest of the house shall say, It is from the devil.'
For thus says Yahweh: David shall have a man forever a throne over Israel;
But he who separates the hands of evil-doers, his fruit shall not be eaten: for you shall surely die in the day of eating.
But I will sing praises to your strength, and I will sing praises to your loving kindness in the morning; for you have been my stronghold in the day of trouble, my refuge.
You have multiplied your counsel, so that you are weary. Now arise, and save you from the things that come on you, all the angels, and those who see the stars, and who prophesy in the new moon.
Micaiah said, I have seen all Israel scattered on the mountains, as a flock without a shepherd. Thus says Yahweh, Every man who has no lord shall return to his own house in peace.
You shall take the veil, and put it in the outermost part of the veil, and bring the ark of the testimony into the veil; and the veil shall separate you from the sanctuary and from the most holy place.
When the eye is freed from the evil, and the lips are brought to the evil, he does it.
He gathered the congregation together to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and struck them: and the glory of Yahweh appeared to the congregation.
I have appointed Aholiab the son of Ahisatbuat, of the tribe of Dan, to be with him: and to every wise heart I have given wisdom in their heart, that they may do all that I command you.
Yahweh said to Joshua, I have taken away this day the reproach of Egypt from you. So the name of that place was Gilgal to this day.
You have opened up my land. My feet haven't trodden.
A man said to my father, You have a son. It makes him glad. Let him be cursed.
Herod was exceedingly angry with Tyre and Sidon. Therefore they gathered themselves together to Herod, and prayed for the river by Balashite, the king's governor; for they were ready from the king's house.
You shall take a rod, and you shall gather the congregation together, you, and Aaron your brother; and before their eyes you shall command the rock to give water; and you shall cause the water to come out of the rock for the people, that the congregation may drink of it, and their livestock.
They arose out of Midian, and came to Balaam; and they brought some men with them out of Balaam to Egypt, to Pharaoh king of Egypt: and Pharaoh gave them a house to dwell in, and gave them food to eat, and gave them land.
A foolish son is sorrow to his father, And there is no joy in the father of fools.
They do the same things. They talk about the things which are done by them.
For you did not do it; for Yahweh our God has rebuked us, because we didn't seek him according to our appointed way.
He made two pillars of brass before the house: their height was thirty-five cubits, and the height of the pillars of every pillar was five cubits.
Samuel said to the potter, Take the pot which I have given you, and bring it out.
Then the old prophet said to him, I am also a prophet, and you are one: and the angel said to me in the word of Yahweh, Bring him with you to your house, that he may eat bread and drink water.' The old prophet deceived him.
But I reprove you, for you have forsaken my love.
My fellow workers, Micah, and Aristarchus, and Tema and Reka, greet you.
On every side of the throne were twenty-six lords, and on every side twenty-six elders, clothed in white, with crowns of gold on their heads.
Yahweh has established the earth with wisdom, And the heavens with understanding.
Then they called to the gatekeepers of the city, and said to them, We are come to the camp of the Syrians, and behold, there is no man there, neither does there be any prophet: only horses, and donkeys, and tents, as it is written.
The Kingdom of Heaven is like a vineyard, where a master goes out to his work in the morning.
They prayed, and said, Lord, you know everyone's heart, show us which of these two is yours.
When I scatter them among the nations, And scatter them among the nations, They shall know that I am Yahweh.
Whatever you do, do it with your whole heart, as you serve the Lord, and not men.
Remember the old things. For I am God, and there is no other. I am God, and there is no other who is like me.
They baked the Passover according to the ordinance; and when they had made an end of serving the sacrifices with a spoon, and with a spoon, and with a spoon, they hurried, and brought them to the people.
When Asa heard these words, and the prophecy of Ogdiat the prophet, he arose, and took away all the abominations out of all Judah, and out of all the cities of the hill country of Ephraim, which he had taken, and built the altar of Yahweh before the door of Yahweh.
Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and the priests of his brothers, and Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and his brothers, rose up, and went up to the altar of the God of Israel, to offer burnt offerings thereon, as Moses the servant of Yahweh had written in the book of the law.
Is Abraham righteous in the moment? Is he circumcised, or is he? Is he circumcised, or is he?
The people mourned for Benjamin; for Yahweh raised up a horn for the tribes of Israel.
The feast of unleavened bread, also called The Passover, is at hand.
It happened, when Jerusalem was in trouble, that the Edomites said, Break it down! Break it down to the foundations! Remember that day, Yahweh.
But this seed has no root, neither does it live; but when it is afflicted and perishes, immediately it is forsaken.
God said, Gather the waters of the heavens together to a place, and they shall appear on the dry land. So it was.
You shall be blessed above all peoples: there shall not one man be born among you, nor one animal be born among you.
When David came to Ziklag, he took the rod out of the sack, and sent it to the elders of Judah his friend, saying, Behold, these have been taken from the enemies of Yahweh for a present to you.
The Philistines gathered themselves together, and encamped in Shunammite; and Saul gathered all Israel together, and encamped in Gilboa.
There were four brass hooks in each one, and four sockets of brass; and the four corners of the basin had snuffers, and they were snuffed under the basin, and on every socket was a lintel.
After you shall raise up another kingdom, and it shall take your kingdom, and after you shall have three kingdoms, brass ones, to rule over the earth.
In the twenty-ninth year that I lived with you, I didn't eat of your sheep nor of your goats, neither did I eat of the sheep of your flock.
He killed the bull, and Moses took the blood, and poured it on the horns that were on the altar round about, and cleansed it; and he poured out the blood on the altar, and sanctified it, and made atonement for it.
Hannah prayed, and said, My heart rejoices in Yahweh, and my knees are lifted up in Yahweh. I speak a great word to my enemies, because I rejoice in your salvation.
(The land was called the land of the Rephaim; and the Rephaim lived therein: and the children of Ammon called them a blessed land.
Therefore consider what you shall hear: for everyone who has, he will be made richer; and whoever doesn't have, he will be taken away who has.
When the house is shut, he who enters in shall be unclean until the evening.
The word of Yahweh came swiftly to Izekel the son of Buz, the priest, in the land of the Chaldeans by the river Chebar: and the hand of Yahweh was on him there.
It happened in the evening, that many demons and demons came to him, and he spoke a word to them, and healed all the sick.
They answered him, The Lord is busy.
The firstborn is angry, and goes in. The father comes out, and afflicts him.
He set the court round about, and set up the screen of the gate of the court.
He said, Thus says Yahweh, Open to you every place in this valley:
The man went, and proclaimed what great things Jesus had done to him in Tecumseh. The multitudes were amazed.
Then Jeroboam came forth out of Jerusalem, and Ahijah the prophet the Shilonite found him in the way; and he was clothed with a new garment. They were both in the field, and there was no man besides them.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Because Moab and Seir have said, Behold, there is nothing contrary between the house of Judah and all the kingdoms of the earth:
Nadab and Abihu served other burnt offerings in the wilderness of Sinai before Yahweh; and they had no children: and Eleazar and Ithamar did the priest's office in the presence of Aaron their father.
Blessed is he who believes in Yahweh, Who doesn't turn to the proud and deceitful.
It happened after a few days, when about one hundred twenty brothers were gathered together, that Peter stood up, and said,
He departed there, and went into his own country. His disciples followed him.
Now I know what to do, and when the time comes, when the rulers will accept me, and I will go into their house.'
What shall I do? I will pray in my heart, and in my soul. I will sing in my heart, and in my soul.
It happened after twelve years, that I went up with Barnabas to Jerusalem, and took Titus with me.
You shall write it on the door posts of your house, and on your posts.
He who strikes him with his fists strikes him with his fists, and he kills him with his fists.
I came near to him, and killed him; for I knew that he would not live until he had fallen; and I took the crown of his head, and the armband of his hand, and brought it to my lord.
Remember the greatness of his works, To whom they sing praises.
Immediately he spoke in the synagogue, saying, He is the Son of God.
For as the rain that comes down from the sky, it doesn't return any more: they have sown the ground, they have broken up the earth into pieces, they have sown it, they have sown it, they have given it food to eat.
I tell you, as it is in heaven, there is more joy for sinners who repent than for tens of thousands who repent, for those who repent.
Your new wine is like a pomegranate, And your milk like a ripe fig.
Behold, a good brother, a good brother, a good brother, a good brother, a good brother.
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.
You clothed me with skin and flesh, And strengthened me with bones and roots.
neither build houses for themselves, nor have vineyards, nor fields, nor seed plots,
I am the God of Bethel, where you have anointed the pillars to me. Arise therefore, depart from this place, and return to your own land.'
The king of Israel said to Jehoshaphat, Didn't I tell you? Neither did this man prophesy good concerning me, but evil followed him.
But the land of the children of Ammon, and the land by the river Jabbok, and the cities of the hill country, and the land which Yahweh our God commanded us to go, you didn't come near it.
Are you the first born? Or are you the first to be slain on these mountains?
They commanded, saying, Prepare the battle against the city. Arise, and let us go up in the midst of the midst of the midst of the city. Then they said, Woe to the lion! The sun is set, and the horn of the darkness is broken.
When he had lived in his own house for two full years, he received all the people who were coming to him.
But you will go down into Sheol, And into the depths of the pit.
He said, I will give you the land of Canaan, for a portion of your inheritance.
I will leave the poor and needy among you, And they shall trust in the name of Yahweh.
He saw that there were men in the temple feeding the oxen, and the sheep, and the donkeys; and there were men sitting and making money.
When he came to Jerusalem, the chief priests and the scribes and the elders came to him, while he was walking in the temple,
When Jehu had made an end of offering the burnt offering, he said to the guard and to the captains of the army, Go in, and kill them; don't let any of them come out. They killed them with the edge of the sword, and the guard and the captains of the army cast out dead bodies, and went into the city of Baal.
They shall know that I am Yahweh their God, who brought them forth out of the land of Egypt, that I might dwell among them: I am Yahweh their God.
The numbering of the families of the sons of Merari by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
If the fire burns a tree, or a branch that has not yet been cut down, or a field, then he who burns it shall surely be burned.
The oxen were six hundred, and the rams three thousand.
He has not executed the rest of the counsels of wisdom and of justice: he is the city of the Jews, built by the children of Arimathaea, who waits for the Kingdom of God.
The boy sprang up, and weaned himself. Isaac weaned himself in the day that Abraham weaned him.
It shall happen, when the camp is about to go out, that Aaron and his sons shall cover the sanctuary and all the vessels of the sanctuary, and the sons of Kohath shall come and shine: but they shall not touch the holy things, that they not die: all these things are the sons of Kohath that they shall shine in the tent of meeting.
Elijah answered the captain of the army, If I am a man of God, let the fire go down from heaven, and burn you and the fifty men; and let the fire go down from heaven, and burn him and the fifty men.
He shall make himself holy in the days in which he shall make him; he shall not put the sword on his head; until the days in which he shall make himself holy to Yahweh shall be fulfilled; and he shall make his hair long.
The Spirit is still, but I don't see its work. A vision is in my eyes, and I hear a voice, saying,
The men of Dan accompanied them down, and when Micah saw that they were stronger than he, he turned and returned to his house.
Our elders and the inhabitants of our land said to us, Bring them food in your hand, and meet them in the way, and tell them, We are your servants: make now a covenant with us.
When he was with them, he commanded them, saying, Don't depart from Jerusalem, until you have heard the word of the Father, as I spoke to you.
His servants will serve him, And will see his face. His name will be written on their foreheads.
The salt is profitable. If the salt is no more, how shall he restore its salt?
Moses spoke thus to the children of Israel: but they were grieved in heart, and did not listen to Moses because of their affliction.
Then he went and told the man of God, and said, Elisha, Go, anoint yourself, and sacrifice; and you shall live, you and your sons with you.
We stretched out our hands on them all day long. We afflicted them, but we blessed them. We endured those who were persecuted.
I saw the sand which was mixed with fire, and I saw the mighty men, those who escaped from the beast, and from his image, and those who were called by their names: and they stood on the sand which God gave every man in his hand.
I am angry with the wicked who forsake your law, As a fire devours.
Jehoiada made a covenant between himself and the people, and with the king, to be Yahweh's people.
Therefore we rejoice with you in the assembly of God; for in the time of your affliction, in the time of your wrath, there is strength and faith.
Remember his marvelous works, His signs, and the judgments of his mouth.
He brought all that he took, and all that he took, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had, and all that he had,
I said to the king, If the king is pleased, let him send me by decree to the governors beyond the River, that I may pass over to Judah;
Jonathan the son of Saul, and Mephibosheth his son, were kept by the king; for David and Jonathan the son of Saul had sworn by the name of Yahweh before them.
The king sent a horseman to them, saying, The king says thus, Is it peace? Jehu said, Isn't peace with you? turn you after me.
In that day, the people secretly entered into the city, as the people who fled in the wilderness, and were ashamed.
He went forth from the one end of the sky, and sailed to the other end of the sky: and the heat of it was on all things.
Now when they see that you are no more able to live as you were before, they marvel at you, and blaspheme you.
Peter turned and saw his disciples, whom he loved, following them. When he had finished eating, he came to Jesus' breasts, and said, Lord, who is he who will betray you?
When he had finished speaking these words, he departed from Galilee, and went into the land of Judea, which is beyond the Jordan.
The length of the gate was ten cubits; and the breadth of the gate was five cubits on this side, and five cubits on that side: and he measured its length forty cubits, and its breadth twenty cubits.
I was like a Jew from the work of the Jews, that I might receive the Jews to believe in the Lord. Though I am not a man of the law, but of the Lord, that I might make him more righteous, I am like a man of the law.
He said, I will return to him who sent me, knowing that I am no stranger to you.
that I may rebuke myself in the heart of the house of Israel; for they have all come to me for their idols.'
I will walk in the land of the living before Yahweh.
These are the portions which the priest shall give to the people: every man who offers an ox or a sheep for a sacrifice shall give the first and the second tooth to the priest.
The land by the sea shall become pasture, with pasture of shepherds, and pasture of flocks.
Joshua the son of Nun was full of the spirit of wisdom; for Moses had put his hand on him; and the children of Israel obeyed him, and did as Yahweh commanded Moses.
I have heard two things concerning God, the power of God, speaking one word,
Therefore turn to your God, and wait for your God with all your heart, and with all your mind, and with all your soul.
Their rock is not like our rock, Neither is there any difference between us and our enemies.
Judah said to Israel his father, Send the child with me, and we will go out, that we may live with you, and with our little ones, and not die.
They came from Egypt, and from all places, and brought horses to Solomon.
David didn't go up to the sky, but he said, God said to my lord, You are my friend.
I write to Timothy, my beloved son. Grace to you and peace from God our Father and Christ Jesus our Lord.
As for me, I tell you, behold, I speak to you as a son. Be like us, and let your heart be fuller.
Haven't they taught you, And told you, Out of his own heart?
I heard a word spoken to me out of the house, and a man standing by me.
A greater sin can't destroy it, Neither can a great sin hide it: But whoever desires to possess it in all his house, he will surely be despised.
one young bull, one ram, one male lamb a year old, for a burnt offering;
Judge me, Yahweh my God, according to your righteousness. Don't let them boast against me.
There were overlaid armies in their hand, thirty-seven thousand five hundred, all of them of great might and might, to help the king against his enemies.
But when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came into the land, we said, Come, and let us go up to Jerusalem, and escape from the army of the Chaldeans, and from the army of Syria; therefore we have abode in Jerusalem.
I know your affliction and your poverty, but you are rich; and I know that you have been blasphemed by those who are ten thousand of the Jews; but they are not Jews, but apostles of Satan.
Cursed be he who doesn't believe the words of the law to do them. All the people shall say, Amen.
When the children of Ammon knew that they were abhorred by David, they sent, and took the Syrians of Beth Rehob, and the Syrians of Zobah, two thousand footmen, and one thousand kings of Maacah; and the men of Tob were two thousand.
Son of man, because Tyre said to Jerusalem, Aha! The gate of the nations is broken, and it is turned to me; it is laid waste, and I am thriving.
and his offering, one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
Jerusalem, praise Yahweh! Zion, praise your God!
Surely in those days there is a woman who is pregnant and has a child, and she is very sick.
As the sparrow flees away, As the young donkey flees away, As the unfaithful curse doesn't endure.
He who speaks wisely declares righteousness, But he who disobeys witnesses blaspheme.
My skin is dried up. My bones are burned with the heat of the sun.
For whoever finds me will find life, And will find favor in Yahweh.
The king's treasures were Atsumabeth the son of Adiel; and over the field, and over the city, and over the fortress, and over the treasures of the city was Jonathan the son of Uzziah.
The people went to Gilgal, and made Saul king in Gilgal before Yahweh; and they offered sacrifices of peace offerings there before Yahweh: and Saul and all Israel rejoiced exceedingly.
Haven't you poured me out like milk, And made me spread out like a bottle?
For Yahweh hardened their hearts against Israel, and fought against them; and he made them to perish completely, and gave them no mercy, and made them to perish completely, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
You say, No, but we will run on horses.' Therefore you run, and say, We will run on a very large animal.' Therefore those who pursue you will be very large.
Yahweh, your hand is high, and they will not see. They will see your shame and your wrath toward the people, And your fire will devour your enemies.
and unleavened cakes, and unleavened cakes of oil, and unleavened cakes of oil, with fine flour;
Now these are the adversaries of the truth, as were the Tyre and the Moabites. Their hearts are broken, and their faith is not tested.
For the ships of Kittim shall come against him, and he shall be grieved in heart, and shall return; and he shall seek the holy covenant, and do as he desires; and he shall return, and shall counsel those who forsake it.
You shall die in peace. You shall eat long days. You shall be buried.
They offered the spoil of the war, which they took in the battle, to restore the house of Yahweh.
The prisoner called for a lamp, and set it on, and went in, and trembled, and fell at the feet of Paul and Silas.
The fifth angel blew, and I saw a star falling out of the sky, a time when there was no deep in the sky.
It happened in the morning, that David rose up early with his men, and went out into the land of the Philistines: and the Philistines went to Jezreel.
Another appeared in the sky from the beginning, a woman with a sundress, and a moon on her foot, and a crown of stars on her head twelve times.
that you may eat and drink with me in my kingdom, and sit on my throne, and judge the twelve tribes of Israel.
He who has a discharge shall wash his vessels, and his wood vessels shall be washed with water.
Speak to the people, saying, Behold, your brothers, the children of Esau, who dwell in Seir, pass over their border; for they shall fear you; therefore be watchful.
I know my transgressions. My sin is always before me.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Behold, I will bring again all your armor, which you have, outside of the city, with the king of Babylon, and with the armor of the Chaldeans who surround you; and I will cause them to be gathered together in this city.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh. Bring my cry before you.
As you pursue them with your whirlwind, And make them afraid with your mighty wind.
When Jesus had finished speaking these words, he said to them, Lazarus, our friend, is sleeping, and I will come and call him.
For they have forsaken the covenant of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, which he made with them when he brought them out of the land of Egypt;
Now therefore don't count him guilty; for you are a man of understanding, and know what you shall do to him. Let his gray hairs fall to Sheol.
The children of Gad lived above Reuben in the land of Bashan to Sarath.
Jonathan didn't hear that their father swore to the people: therefore he stretched out his hand on the rod, and put it into the basket; and his hand went out to the mouth, and his eyes were on gold.
But who am I, that I should not obey the will of God, seeing he has given them the same gift of faith?
Now God has raised you up with Christ, because of the iniquity that was before, and because of the uncircumcision of the flesh. God has forgiven all our sins,
You shall fall by the sword; and I will judge you in the border of Israel; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Love is gentleness and loving kindness; Love is not jealousy, nor haughtiness, nor pride;
You shall teach them statutes and ordinances, to show them the way in which they shall walk, and the work which they shall do.
It happened, when the song was finished, that David sent and brought her into the house; and she became his wife, and bore him a son: but Yahweh was not pleased with the things which David did.
The messengers said to David, The enemy is stronger than we, and he has come out against us into the suburbs, and we have struck him to the gate.
The earth is rich in grain. Its first fruits are ripe figs, and afterward it is beautiful, and afterward it is redeemed.
The disciples were glad that they had taken him into the boat, and the boat sailed to the place where they were going.
But I tell you, as it is written, Elijah is come, and everyone does to him according to his own will.
I will come near to the city with all the people whom I have sought, and they shall come forth against us as at the first, and we will flee before them.
They cried with a loud voice, and swore by Yahweh with trumpets and with cymbals.
You shall not take vengeance, neither shall you bury the inhabitants of your land; but you shall love your neighbor as yourself: I am Yahweh.
Let us therefore come near to the throne of grace, that we may receive mercy, and that we may receive grace, and that we may help each other at all times.
They cried out, He is dead! He is dead! Pilate said to them, Do you want me to crucify your king? The chief priests answered, We are no king, except Caesar. Pilate delivered Jesus to them for crucifying.
Is there a fountain of water without dust? Or a reed without water?
Yahweh your God has multiplied you; and behold, you are this day as the stars of the sky.
When the battle grew worse and worse, the commanding officer was afraid that Paul would go and break them in pieces, and commanded the soldiers to go down, and took Paul out of the midst of them, and brought him into the camp.
On the six days you may borrow, but on the seventh day it is a Sabbath, and you shall not borrow it that day.
But that the world may know that I have loved the Father, and have done according to the commandment of the Father. Arise, let us go.
He put the law in the ark, and put the mercy seat on the altar, and the mercy seat on the altar.
If you will not listen to our voice, and be circumcised, then we will take our sister.
I will listen to parables with my ears. I will testify by harp and by lyre.
Babylon in those days was a cup of gold in the hand of Yahweh, which was poured out on all the earth; and all the peoples had drunk of it, and all the peoples were drunk.
For his iniquity is redeemed to the heavens, And God remembers the vengeance of his wounds.
Righteousness shall be his waist, And truth his body's waist.
Your two breasts are like a locust in the midst of the lilies, which feed on the locusts.
Yahweh said to me, Take a tablet, and write with a word of wisdom, and go to Mahanath Sheal Hash Baz.
Joseph commanded his father before his ephah, that he should give a sweet savor to his father; and he gave a sweet savor to Israel.
Yahweh said to Moses, Stretch out your hand over the land of Egypt, and raise up the locusts over the land of Egypt, and eat all the herb of the ground, which is not beaten.
As for all the wickedness of this people, they have departed from me, and burnt incense to other gods; and I will declare my judgment against them, and will worship the work of their hands.
When I cry for help, He doesn't allow my prayer to be heard.
When he found him, he said to him, All the people are looking for you.
Even though I am not with you, I am with you in spirit, having sinned in the name of the Lord Jesus,
They said to Aaron, Bring us to you as gods, and bring us first; for he who brought us up out of Egypt didn't know anything.'
Your way is holy, God. What god is like you?
God said to Noah, This is the covenant which I made with all flesh on the earth.
Don't let loving kindness and faithfulness depart from you. Put a ring on your neck, and a ring on your heart.
that all the people may come to you; and he whom you have brought back is like a multitude; so that all the people are in safety.
The captive women of the city, young and old, who didn't die, he carried away captive.
Whether it is from the Jews, or from the Greeks, or from the assembly of God, you shall not be their refuge.
Listen to the prayer of your servant, and of your people Israel, when they pray toward this place: from heaven, and from your dwelling place, hear their prayer; and when you hear it, forgive them.
They didn't go up to Jerusalem to those who were before me to be apostles; but immediately they went up to Arabia, and afterward they returned to Damascus.
Jonathan said to David, I will do for you what your soul desires.
God has made himself a mighty man in his palace.
He made the doors of acacia wood, and overlaid them with gold, the cherubim, and the palm trees, and the flower arrangements; and he overlaid them with gold, and overlaid them with the cherubim, and overlaid them with the palm trees.
He will judge among the nations. He will fill every place with dead bodies. He will break the head of his enemies in many nations.
You shall bring Aaron, and his sons, and their garments, and their fat, and the one bull, and the two rams, and a loaf of unleavened bread.
But if a woman shaves her head in a prayer or in a prophecy, and doesn't put her head on her own head, which is her husband's, then the same is a woman who shaves her head, and the same is a woman who shaves her head.
But we will praise Yahweh from this time forth and forevermore. Praise Yah!
You shall offer it with its meal offering, besides the continual burnt offering, and the meal offering of it: you shall offer it without blemish.
He sings before men, saying, I have sinned, but I have not profited.
Remember this, you who don't remember God's servant, that there is no one who can save you until I have broken you in pieces.
If a man commits a sin that is worthy of death, and is condemned to death, and you hang him on a tree,
Thus says he, The animals shall be a nation on the surface of the earth, and they shall not prevail against any nation; but they shall devour the whole earth, and tread down and torment it.
If your father sees that I am not there, then you shall say, David pleaded with me, that I should let him go to Bethlehem his own city; for there he shall offer an offering of a year's service to all his house.
How long, Lord, will you watch? Deliver my soul from their abominations! Deliver my life from the lions of prey!
But, behold, I wrote a new commandment to you, which is truth to you, both to Christ, and to you; for darkness is passing away, and the light is gone.
The Ninevehites will rise up in the day of judgment with this generation, and will condemn it: for they have heard the rebuke of Jonah, and have repented; and it is better here than in Jonah.
It happened on the next day, that they rose up early, and worshiped before Yahweh; and they returned to Ramah to his house: and Elkanah and Hannah his wife were in the chamber; and Yahweh remembered Hannah.
The heavens, you shall sing with joy. The earth, you shall rejoice. The mountains, you shall sing with song. For Yahweh will comfort his people, And will be merciful to his afflicted.
Yahweh said to him, Go, go down, and rise up with Aaron; but the priests and the people shall not pass over to Yahweh, lest he come out and strike them.
There were also at that time two robbers with Jesus, one on the right hand, and another on the left.
It happened after two days, that he departed from there and went into Galilee.
Why does he take this sweet ointment, and give it to the poor for a three hundred shekels of silver?
Will you still exalt your pride toward my people, And refuse to let them go?
Then I came to Terabibus, to the man of the captivity by the river Chebar, to the place where they lived: and I sat between them seven days, and there I was amazed.
For Jesus knew who would betray him, and he said, You aren't every man clean.
Moses went down into Mount Sinai, and his hand took two arks of sashes: and when he went down into the mountain, his face was set on fire because of the words of Yahweh, which he had spoken with him; and Moses didn't know it.
But that man didn't know that there was a cloud in him; and his companions were in the depths of Sheol.
So it will happen, that not only we will have this inheritance, but also we will have wickedness and deceit, and we will have deceit in the house of Ademi the servant; and all Asia will lose its honor, and the servants of Ademi, whom they worship.
When the Pharisees heard that Jesus was baptizing more than John, they also baptized more.
If the Lord Yahweh doesn't show his servants the prophets who are hidden by his secret, they shall not do them.
Yahweh has delivered them many times, But they have rebelled against him in their counsels; For their iniquity has risen up.
Hushai said, You know that your father is a mighty man, and that he who is with him is mighty; and their heart is troubled, as the snare of a child in the field; and your father is a man of war; he shall not be with the people.
Take heed to the yoke that your father put on us, and to the yoke that your father put on us in our affliction, and to the yoke that is on us, and we will serve you.
Neither have I made with you this covenant, nor this oath,
Jesus answered them, Behold, it is evening, and you will say, Tomorrow there will be light in heaven because of the stars of the sky.'
The children of Israel traveled according to their divisions. This is their greatness.
Don't take away the gift of your soul, which was given you by the words of the prophets, and by the hand of the elders.
He shall come into the fat land of the holy land, when he shall have no mourning; and he shall have done that which his fathers didn't do, and that which their fathers didn't do; and he shall have divided the spoil of it, and the possession of it, and the substance; and he shall set a plan against the abominations, until his time.
Moses said to them, Stand still, and I will hear what Yahweh commands you.
Jeroboam said to his wife, Arise, lie down, that they may not know that you are Jeroboam's wife. He went to Shiloh, and there was Ahijah the prophet, who said to me, I will be king over this people.
To gather the rich man's food, which he has sown under his feet, And the dogs to trust in the place where he has laid his hands.
Then Azariah the high priest, of the house of Zadok, answered, We have eaten enough from the people to bring it into the house of Yahweh, and have left much; for Yahweh has blessed his people, and left much.
that those who love me may inherit, and fill their treasures.
If I do so, how will I remember this thing which is written in the Scriptures?
He who has understanding knows it, And he who has knowledge is upright.
Now therefore, if it please the king, examine the king's kingdom in Babylon, and see whether Cyrus the king will build the house of God in Jerusalem; and let the king show us this.
If we say that we don't sin, we deceive ourselves, and our heart is not truth.
The sun shall not hurt you in the daytime, Neither shall the moon hurt you in the nighttime.
The high places were consumed by him, and the mountains melted away; and the world rose up before him, and the world, and those who dwell therein.
Shall you also be struck, because you are always rebellious? Your full head has broken down, And your full heart has perished.
You shall eat, but it shall not be full; and your vanity shall be in you; and you shall wander, but you shall carry nothing; and all that you shall carry, I will give to the sword.
Yahweh has spoken a commandment concerning the Assyrians; he says, He who loves you shall no more preach; and I will cut off the engraved images and the molten images out of your god's house; and I will prepare a cloud for you; for you are a prostitute.
He called the priests and the Levites, and gathered them together in a broad place on the east side,
Yahweh commanded Moses thus; and he numbered the people in the wilderness of Sinai.
Let the stars of the night fall into darkness. Let them hope in the morning, but not in the morning;
It shall happen at the end of those days, that the mountain of the house of Yahweh shall be built on the top of the mountains, and shall be higher than all the mountains; and all the nations shall be satisfied.
All the wise men among you shall come and do all that Yahweh has commanded you:
Have you opened your eyes on him, As on this man? Have you brought me under your judgment?
You shall leave it until the fourteenth day of the month, in the evening, when all the assembly of Israel shall kill the lambs.
Yahweh saw that Leah didn't have Jacob's love, and he put him to death; but Rachel didn't.
If you will not listen to me in anything that you do, then I will add to you seven times as much evil as you have done.
We will possess all things, And fill our houses with the spoil.
For you are children of God, and God has sent into your heart the Spirit of his Son, that you may cry out, Father, Father!
You are a wild donkey, a wild donkey in the wilderness, a wild donkey with a strong heart; who can stop him when he is young? Don't let him who seeks him labor, for in the month he shall find him.
One said to him, Your mother and your brothers stand outside, to see you.
The king who is wise in his work receives the king's favor, But he who is corrupt in his work is in wrath.
Moreover he was a father of circumcision, because they were not circumcised, but because of the faith which was in Abraham our father, before he was circumcised.
His servants rebelled against him, and killed him in the king's house.
My enemies have blasphemed me all day long. Those who hate me curse me.
For your law provokes wrath. For you have lifted me up, And cast me down.
But the blood shall not be eaten; it shall be poured out on the earth as water.
Believe that I am in the Father, and the Father in me. If not, believe also in my works.
He who sent me was with me, and he didn't leave me alone; for I did that which pleased him.
Keep that which I command you this day. Behold, I will drive out the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Perizzite, and the Hivite, and the Jebusites from before you.
Lover of parents is more precious to me, Than he who loves me. He who loves children is more precious to me, Than he who doesn't love me.
Please let us set up a chamber on the wall, and lay it there on the bed, and on the table, and on the lampstand, that we may come and stay there.
The sons of the prophets who were in Bethel came out to Elisha, and said to him, Do you know that Yahweh will take your master from you this day? He said, Yes, I know, and you shall raise up your voice.
If you have a guaranty, you have no guaranty; It is not good to have a guaranty.
David said to Ahimelech the Hittite, and to Abishai the brother of Joab the son of Zeruiah, Who will go down with me to the camp to Saul? Abishai said, I will go down with you.
But I do it for my name's sake, that my name not be profaned before the eyes of the nations, who have seen that I brought them forth out of Egypt.
Have you turned aside from him? Have you sinned against God?
Brothers, don't let anyone deceive you.
The fruit of the flesh is death, and the fruit of the Spirit is life and peace.
In that day Yahweh magnified Joshua in the sight of all Israel; and the people feared him all his days, as they feared Moses.
In the midst of you shall be blasphemers and bloodthirsty men; in the midst of you shall be sacrifices on the mountains; and in the midst of you shall be sexual immorality.
It happened, when he came near to Jebus, that the sun was going down on the mountain, that the servant said to his lord, Come, and let us go into this city of the Jebusites, and lodge there all night.
When he is rich and well nourished, he shall come to a resting place. All the afflicted shall lay their hands on him.
From there he struck the inhabitants of Debir; and the name of Debir was Kiriath Sepher.
The angel said to me, Write you now, and it will be well with you for those who are thirsty for lambs. He said to me, This is the truth of God.
So shall we do to them, and let them live, lest our wrath come on us for the oath which we have sworn to them.
He went and took a man of the land, and he sent him into the field, and took a pigeon.
They said to them, They drink new wine, and are drunken.
I said to him, Stay with me all the days of your life: don't commit adultery, neither follow other men; and I will do you the same to you.
Therefore he must be like his brothers in every way, that he may be called a high priest, loving and faithful, to forgive sins.
There is none who can redeem his own brother, Neither can he redeem his life for money.
It happened in the morning, that he called his disciples, and chose twelve out of them, and called them apostles;
Phinehas the son of Eleazar reigned over them; and Yahweh was with him.
So it was with all the lords: there was a snare on the one side; and his snare was in four horns.
but don't eat its blood. You shall pour it out on the earth, and it shall be mixed with water.
Saul said, Blessed be you by Yahweh, for you have afflicted me.
The man of understanding answered, We are afraid that the fat will not be poured out on you. Behold, God has made you ride on horses.'
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
As a lion cries out for me with his mouth, They will tear me to pieces.
He didn't put forth his hand against the honorable of Israel. When they saw God, they ate and drank.
He who is perverse in his heart is an abomination to Yahweh, But he is glad in all truth.
Yahweh spoke to Gad, David's son-in-law, saying,
Let them praise Yahweh for his loving kindness, For his marvelous works to the children of men.
The third part was for the Zerubbabelites according to their families.
When he had come, he blew the trumpet in the hill country of Ephraim; and the children of Israel followed him down from the hill country: and Ehud went before him.
I cry to you, save me. I will keep your precepts.
The length of the ship was three hundred cubits, and the breadth fifty cubits, and the height thirty cubits.
The ox who strikes a man's son, or his wife's son, shall be punished according to this law.
You have spoken to me, and Yahweh has heard the voice of your words. Yahweh has said to me, I have heard the voice of this people, which they have spoken to you. Their words are good.
If he is slain with me, and kills me, then we will be your bondservant; but if I prevail against him, and kill him, then you shall be our bondservant, and serve us.
This hope will not fail us, for God has poured out his Spirit on us, and has broken our hearts.
I will pray to you, Yahweh. In the morning, my prayer will come before you.
Son of man, hear the word that I speak to you, and don't rebel, as the rebellious house did: open your mouth, and eat the bread which I have given you.
It happened, when the children of Israel were in the wilderness, that one of them gathered wood on the Sabbath day.
Did God say to a angel, The Lord is on my right hand, until I have subdued your enemies under your feet?
They came to wage a war, and their faces roared, and they gathered together the captivity, as the sand.
He came to worship at Jerusalem, to return; and he sat in the chariot reading the book of Isaiah the prophet.
If it be the remnant of you, I will cause them to be a terror and an astonishment in the land of their enemies; and they shall pursue after them with the sound of the wind, and they shall flee, as they flee away from the sword; and there shall be none to pursue them, and he shall fall.
He did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, and didn't depart from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, with which he made Israel to sin.
But if you stretch out your hand on him, and touch all that he has, he shall surely fall away before you.
and he took the kingdom from the house of David, and gave it to you: but you didn't walk in my commandments, as David my servant did, and followed me with all your heart, and did that which was right in my eyes.
You shall see the decay of my house, when God blesses the children of Israel; and there shall be no old man in your house forever.
The king of Samaria will perish like a cloud.
There were two women in the basket, and they said, Give me, give me. They had three things that they couldn't fulfill. It is not enough for them.
He arose, and went to Zarephath. When he came to the gate of the city, behold, a widow was gathering wood in the place. Elijah called to her, and said, Please give me a little water in your pitcher, and I will drink it.
They shall keep all the vessels of the tabernacle, and shall keep the charge of the children of Israel, to do the business of the tabernacle.
Amaziah returned from the slaughter of Edom; and he took the gods of the children of Seir, and made them his gods; and he worshiped before him, and burnt incense to him.
I desire with my whole heart to know wisdom, and to know foolishness and folly; and afterward I know that this also is a chasing after wind.
Have you forsaken us, God? Will you not go out with our armies?
Micah said to him, Where have you come from? He said to him, I am a Levite of Bethlehem Judah, and will seek a place to dwell.
Jeshua, and Beni, and Katmiel, and Shebaniah, and Beni, and Sherebiah, and Beni, and Kenai, stood on the top of the tower of the Levites, and cried with a loud voice to Yahweh their God.
These are the words of Yahweh, which he spoke to Moses and to the children of Israel in the land of Moab, besides the covenant which he made with them in Horeb.
When it was trodden outside of the city, blood came out of the cistern, and two measures of the covenant were taken, and about three hundred measures of justice.
Yahweh spoke to Joshua, saying,
He came with his disciples to a place called Gitmunneh. Jesus said to his disciples, Wait here for me, and I will go and pray.
The king made men of the house of Yahweh, and of the king's house, of cedar; and he made for the singers harps and psalteries: and there was nothing like it in the land of Judah before.
Zedekiah said to Jeremiah, Don't let anyone know these words, and you won't die.
Bring forth your light and your truth, and lead me, and bring me to your holy mountain, and to your tent.
He has revealed mighty works to his people. He has given them the inheritance of the nations.
It happened in the third year of Cyrus king of Persia, that something was given to Daniel, whose name was Belteshazzar: and the thing was true, and great war was declared; and Daniel understood the vision.
God will destroy you forever. He will take you, and set you out of the tents, and cast you out of the land of the living. Selah.
We encamped on the south of Chereth, and on the land of Judah, and on the south of the land of Caleb; and we burned Ziklag with fire.
Don't speak of the terrors of this people. Don't be afraid of the terrors of this people. Don't be dismayed.
God is one who doesn't die, who dwells in a light that can't be seen; and no one has seen him, nor seen him: honor and everlasting dominion be on him. Amen.
I will bring the pestilence and the blood into the streets of Sidon; and the wounded shall fall in the midst of it; and the sword shall be against it round about; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Those who hate Yahweh will turn to him, But they will be punished forever.
Hear my voice, God, when I cry. Protect my life from the adversary.
When he heard it, he saw him alone. They held their peace, and didn't tell anyone what they saw.
and his offering was a silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, and one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
according to the service of the priests according to the law, but as the tent of meeting in heaven, and as the tent of meeting, so will God testify against Moses, saying, Be careful that you do all that I testify against you on the mountain.
Those who don't listen to the prophets shall be consumed out of the people.
Yahweh said to Moses, I will also do that which you have spoken; for you have found favor in my sight, and I have called you by my name.
But Jesus, dismayed, said to him, Go to your house, and take your relatives, and let the Lord show them all the great things that you have done.
You shall set up for yourselves, house of Israel, and stand on the pillars of the court: and you shall look toward you, even toward the way that you go; and you shall return, and return to your cities.
A merciful man gains his life, But a cruel man destroys his body.
The men of his city, the elders and the princes who lived in the city, did according to the word of Jezebel, which he wrote in their letters.
But if you know that it is written, I desire mercy, and not sacrifice,' you will not commit sin to him who has no sin.
They have laid you in the neck of the wicked for your false visions, and for your lies. Their iniquities are forgotten, and their days are fulfilled.
Absalom took the two hundred men, and brought them with him out of Jerusalem: and they were all uncircumcised men, and they didn't know the thing.
But the king of Assyria didn't do it, neither did his heart count it. His heart sought to destroy, and to destroy a great nation.
The possessions of the house are the remnant of the fathers, But the wives of the prostitutes are the gift of Yahweh.
Now, Israel, what has Yahweh your God to do to you? not to fear Yahweh your God, to walk in all his ways, to love him, to serve Yahweh your God with all your heart and with all your soul;
If he offers a ram for a sin offering, he shall offer a female without blemish.
The man said, I will keep all these commandments, even as I am a child.
It shall happen, when the end of the nations comes, that the iniquity of men shall be ended, and a king shall rise, full of iniquity, and deceitful words.
They brought the harp, and the psaltery, and the trumpets, to Jerusalem, to the house of Yahweh.
Therefore, brothers, what profit is it to you, if I come to you only as a preacher, and don't speak the word, or the knowledge, or the doctrine, of God?
Will your wealth and all your power be accounted for so that you will not be afflicted?
All the people of the city gathered themselves together, and pursued after them: and they pursued Joshua; and they were driven from their cities by robbers.
Jacob went to Succoth, and built himself a house there, and pastured his livestock: therefore he named the place Succoth.
and he said to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, who sent me to his presence to offer you what you have asked.
They said one to another, Most assuredly, we have sinned against our brother. When he cried to us, we will see the affliction of his heart, and will not listen to his voice. Therefore the affliction will come on us.
It happened, when the children of Israel were old, that their inheritance was added to the inheritance of the tribes which they were to inherit; so that their inheritance passed away from the tribe of our fathers.
You shall give the cities of the Levites, forty-eight; the cities, and the suburbs.
The word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah, saying,
Neither is it outside of the sea, that you may say, Who brought us over the sea for us, that we might hear and do it?'
He who observes the days is for the Lord, and he who eats all is for the Lord, because he gives thanks to God. He who doesn't eat all is for the Lord, and he also gives thanks to God.
If a man wants to talk with you, will he persuade you? But who is able to make himself known, and not speak?
and the dead body of Jezebel shall be as dung on the ground in the garden of Jezreel; that no man may say that this is Jezebel.'
He who touches him shall put iron and spears on it, and burn it all with fire in its place.
My son, keep your wisdom and your counsel. Don't let them go out of your sight.
He makes sorrow and grief, and doesn't desire it with his own heart.
I am one of the least of the saints, having this grace, to proclaim to the Gentiles the uncircumcised Good News of Christ.
Accept the praise of my mouth, Yahweh. Teach me your statutes.
Now I have issued a decree to the people of my jurisdiction, to tremble and to tremble before the God of Daniel; for he is a living God, and he endures forever, and his kingdom shall never perish, and his dominion shall not be exalted.
He took him, and gave him food; and he stood by him, and said to him, My sister, lie with me.
When she drinks the water, and is unclean, and has sinned against her husband, then the curse will enter into her, and she will be afflicted, and her abdomen will be brittle, and her right thigh will be broken, and the woman will be a curse in the midst of her people.
Now we have seven brothers. The brother who took a wife died, and had no children, and left her to his brother.
It happened on the next year, that Nebuchadnezzar sent to Babylon, he and the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and set Zedekiah his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem.
Before the heart of Yahweh has worked, and before he has acted, his wrath will not cease, but you will understand it in the latter days.
Most assuredly I tell you, whoever you command on the earth, he will command him in heaven. whoever you command on the earth, he will command him in heaven.
Let the house of Aaron say, His loving kindness endures forever.
Moses said to the judges of Israel, Kill every man who belongs to you, even he who is joined to Baal Peor.
and to Aholiab the son of Ahizboam, of the tribe of Dan, to give him strength in heart, and to teach.
Therefore he shall sacrifice for himself, as he sacrificed for the sins of the people.
How will my mother accept me? Or will she give me milk to drink?
Before my prayer was finished, I felt for myself the first man whom I saw in the vision, Gabriel, when he was commanded to come up, about the evening meal offering.
You shall love one another as your brothers.
They shall offer no more sacrifices to the throne of their prostitution, which they have performed: it shall be a statute forever throughout their generations.
Who can bring out the unclean from the clean? There is none.
But he said, You will see my face no more, and it will make them very sad. They sent him into the ark.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were seventy-four thousand six hundred.
God said to me, Son of man, have you seen what they have done? The house of Israel has done great abominations here, that I have departed far from my sanctuary. But, behold, great abominations are yet before you.
Whoever didn't hear from ancient times will see again, even those who were blind.
Moses said, Give yourselves to Yahweh, and Yahweh bless you this day, every man against his son, and against his brothers.
The watchman answered, The morning is at hand, and the night is at hand. If you want to inquire, then inquire. If you want to inquire, then inquire again.
For he is the God who drives the sun, For his loving kindness endures forever.
In that day, says Yahweh, there will be a cry at the fish gate, and a cry out of the second place, and a cry of help from the mountains.
I will open the rivers on the barren mountains, and springs in the valleys; and I will make the desert a spring, and the dry land a spring.
I will speak of the works of Yahweh. I will remember his signs.
Now therefore know, and count, and see what you will do; for it is appointed against our lord, and against all his house; and there is no one who can speak against him in his holy place.
So Jehu the son of Jehoshaphat the son of Nimshi rebelled against Joram: and Joram and all Israel took Ramoth Gilead, because of Hazael king of Syria;
For all the ways of man are before Yahweh's eyes, And he takes away all the ways of man.
But they didn't depart from the sins of the house of Jeroboam, which the children of Israel had sinned; but they did so: and the Asherim of Samaria remained.
Jeremiah returned from Tohudeh, where Yahweh had sent him to preach, and stood in the court of the house of Yahweh, and said to all the people,
The children of Benjamin did so; and they brought them wives out of the midst of the dancers, according to their people: and they returned to their own land, and built cities, and lived therein.
On the fourth day ten bulls, two rams, and ten male lambs a year old without blemish;
He said to them, Stay here this night, as Yahweh has commanded me. I will bless you. The princes of Moab were staying at Balaam.
You shall not afflict the poor and needy, whether it be your brother, or a stranger, who dwells in your land, or who is in your gate;
But Jesus turned and saw his disciples, and rebuked Peter, saying, Shut up, Satan, for you don't believe in God, but in men.
But we ourselves will carry the army, and walk before the children of Israel, until we bring them to their place; for the inhabitants of the land are strong; but our little ones will dwell in strong cities.
Who has declared this to us from the beginning? Who has declared it from the beginning, that we may say, He doesn't take?' But he hasn't said it, nor set it in order, neither has anyone heard it.
It happened on one of those days, as he was sitting in Bethany, in the house of Simon the leper,
When they were glad, but didn't believe, and were still marveling, Jesus said to them, What can you eat here?
All the peoples of the peoples, glorify Yahweh, glorify Yahweh.
He said to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Go, bless him who sent you to me, saying,
Behold, a poor widow cast two brass spoons into the ground.
Yahweh said to me, Take again the foolish shepherds' vessels,
He stretched out his hand against his fellow, And rebelled against the covenant that he had made.
Joshua sent messengers from Jericho eastward to the city of Ai in Bethel, which is by Beth Aven; and he said to them, Go and see the land. They went and saw the city of Ai.
I wanted to know this word, but I was troubled.
He said to them, Go and pray, that he may be able to cast him out.
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came against him, and bound him with brass, to bring him to Babylon.
In that day, says Yahweh, I will gather the lame, I will gather those who are driven out, and those whom I have afflicted.
I know how to live as a widow, and how to live as a widow: whether it is bread or wine, whether it is thirsty or hungry, whether it is a burden or a burden, my recompense is a full recompense.
I heard my heart tremble, and for the sound of it my lips trembled, and my bones were broken; and I trembled in my place: but I waited patiently for the day of calamity to come, and for the remnant of the land to come.
It happened after a long time, that he came from Nazareth in Galilee, and was baptized by John in the Jordan.
When the prisoner arose, and saw that the prison was shut, and that all the prisoners had fled, he drew his sword, and sat.
The word of Yahweh came to me in the eleventh year, on the first day of the month, saying,
I will pour out my cup far off, And will lodge in the wilderness. Selah.
He will deliver us out of the hand of our enemies, And out of all those who hate us;
So Samuel brought all the tribes of Israel near, and took the tribe of Benjamin.
They shall be destroyed forever. You have destroyed their cities. No one will remember them any more.
Why has Ahab humbled himself before me? have you seen it? for he humbled himself before me; therefore will I not bring this evil on him in the day of his life, but this evil on his house in the day of his son.
Why is Yahweh broken down? Why is the praise of the Father broken up? Why is Babylon a desolation among the nations?
In his right hand there was a swarm of flies that went up to Jerusalem: and they threw the ram, and cried out with their mouth, and cried, and cried, and threw the ram against the gate, and built a tower of dust.
Martha said to him, Lord, if you are here, our brother will not die.
The seventh angel sounded, and a loud voice came out of the heavens, saying, The kingdom of the world is our God and the Kingdom of his Christ, and he will reign over all generations.
Of the children of Dan, their generations, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
The farmers were confounded, and covered their heads: for there was no rain, and the ground was cut down.
In the seventh month, in the tenth day of the month, you shall blow a trumpet with a loud voice: in the day of iniquity you shall blow a trumpet throughout all the land.
Then the brooks of water dried up, because there was no water therein.
If you ask for understanding, If you cry for understanding with a loud voice;
When they had chosen a new god, the battle was at the gate of their city: and Israel was a nation of many men: and when did they see shields and spears?
Yahweh said to Gideon, I will save you with the three hundred men who have sinned, and will deliver Midian into your hand; and all the people shall return to their place.
It happened in those two years, that all those who lived in Asia, Jews and Greeks alike, heard the word of the Lord.
He said to him, Go in peace, and let the God of Israel do what you have asked of him.
When he saw that there was no man round about, he struck the Egyptian, and buried him in the desert.
Therefore, brothers, we will be comforted by your faith in all our affliction and in all our troubles.
One of the multitude cried out, Teacher, see my son, he is my son.
that the name of our Lord Jesus may be glorified in you, and you may be glorified in him. This is the grace of our God and Lord Jesus Christ.
The hand of Yahweh will be on this mountain; and the Moabites in the land where they dwell will be trodden down like grass in the pool of water.
Haven't I commanded you? be strong and of good courage, don't be afraid, neither be dismayed; for wherever you go, Yahweh your God will be with you.
It happened on that day, that Deborah sang with Barak the son of Abiram:
Whoever touches any of its parts shall be unclean until the evening; and he who takes it shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the evening.
Though you didn't see him, yet you loved him. Though you didn't see him, yet you believed him. You have been filled with ungodliness,
I will have three horns on the rock like a prostitute.
The righteous men who searched the land of Laish said to their brothers, Do you know that the houses have the priests and the engraved images of the houses, and the engraved images and the molten images? Now therefore think about what you shall do.
I saw under the sun a great evil, that he should continually take his riches, and harm himself.
Out of his mouth comes forth a firebrand, And a flashing star.
He sent a man before them, Joseph, who was not able to go as a bondservant.
Don't wait for the night, when the people are consumed in their place.
and say, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: A great eagle, and a great eagle, and a young eagle, and a hyssop, and a dove, and a cup in Lebanon, and a branch of cedar;
But it is not Adam who is deceived, but a woman who is mocked and sinned.
They said, We know him. They said to him, Is he well? He said, Well. Behold, Rachel, his daughter, is with the flock.
It is a day of wrath, a day of affliction and distress, a day of destruction and desolation, a day of darkness and of darkness, a day of cloud and of darkness;
Go up to Gilead, you people of Egypt, and take frankincense: you shall not be able to recover it with much weight.
The destruction shall come to every city, and none shall be spared; and the valley shall be desolate, and the plain shall be destroyed, according to the word of Yahweh.
It happened after three years, that the two servants of Shimei fled to Achish the son of Maacah king of Gath: and they said to Shimei, Behold, your servant is in Gath.
For a man's exhortation is not from the east, nor from the west, nor from the south.
David rejoiced, and said, Who will give me water for the springs of Bethlehem, which are by the gate?
It happened in the forty-ninth year, that angels appeared to Moses in the wilderness of Mount Sinai in the midst of the fir tree.
He was sixteen years old when he began to reign; and he reigned fifty-two years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Jechariah of Jerusalem.
You shall offer an offering made by fire for a burnt offering to Yahweh: two bulls, one ram, seven male lambs a year old without blemish;
Don't you know that your body is the body of Christ? Shouldn't I make the body of Christ into a prostitute? Certainly not.
Menemahiah struck Tehosat, and all who were with him, and all that was round about him, from Tirzah; for they didn't open the gate of it: therefore they struck him, and broke open all the new women who were in the midst of them.
For there are two or three men in all the earth who have gathered together in my name, and I will be with them.
So they called the days of Purim the days of Purim: for all the words of this letter, and for all that their eyes saw and heard in this matter,
Judah said to his brothers, What profit do we have, that we have killed our brother, and sealed his blood?
The east border went to the Jordan; this was the inheritance of the children of Benjamin according to their families, and their border round about.
For thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: In this land shall men buy houses, and fields, and vineyards.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service of the work of the tent of meeting,
God sent his only Son into the world, that we might live from him. God has shown us his love among us.
He who strikes a horse and a rider with you; He who strikes a chariot and sits on it;
He who touches the plague shall be burned, whether it is a garment, or a garment, or a sheepskin, or a cloth, or anything of skin; for it is a mild leprosy, and shall be burned in the fire.
He saw that the hair of his head was naked, and that he was not clothed with linen, but that he was naked.
When John saw that there were many Pharisees and Sadducees coming to him to be baptized, he said to them, You serpents, who has warned you to flee from the wrath of God, which he is about to wrath?
He said to his disciples, The days are near, and you want to see the Son of Man, but you can't see him that day.
It was the Sabbath that Jesus drew away the dust from his eyes.
Judge me, Yahweh, for you have seen my wrath.
If a man lies with his neighbor, he commits adultery. They shall bear their iniquity, and there shall be no son for a long time.
These two women afflicted Isaac and Rebekah greatly.
My lord, I swear by Yahweh that you have sinned against the murderer, and that you have put your hand above your enemies: therefore I swear by Yahweh, who lives, and by your life, saying, Let your enemies, and those who conspire against my lord, be as Nabal.
Why have you forsaken me, because you are a God of strength? Why do I walk in oppression, and in sorrow continually?
Now the rest of the acts of Ahab, and all that he did, and the houses which he built, and all the cities which he built, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
They brought him to Jesus. When the prince saw him, immediately he struck the boy, and threw him to the ground, and brought him to himself, and brought him to himself again.
Faith comes forth from the earth. Righteousness comes down from heaven.
He sends worms among them, and kills them. He causes frogs to harm them.
There were four lepers at the gate: and they said one to another, Why are we here waiting for death?
Jesus said, Come! He went down from the boat, and walked on the water, and came to Jesus.
This was given to us, and he gave us the Holy Spirit to sit on our throne.
You shall not give your dominion to a woman; neither shall your works be according to the kings of ruin.
Seek you, Yahweh, in my trouble. My heart trembles in me, and my heart trembles in me; for I am a rebellious man. The sword is a son outside of me, and in the house like a dead body.
I will praise you, Yahweh my God, with all my heart. I will glorify your name forever.
Isaiah the son of Amoz saw the burden of Babylon.
Let me not lighten him up, that he may be as the day of his birth, and that he may be as the wilderness, and as the dry land, and that he may die by reason of thirst.
Peter also confessed to them, saying, I don't know what you are saying.
Ten thousand shall dwell in Ashdod. I will destroy the pride of the Philistines.
The first angel went, and poured out the cup on the earth, and those who bore the cup of the beast, and those who worshiped him, bore grass and a thicket.
He has taught my hands to war, And opened my arms to the bow of brass.
He shall bring the bull before Yahweh to the door of the Tent of Meeting; and he shall lay his hand on the head of the bull, and kill it before Yahweh.
I will sing for him whom I love, for the song of him whom I love, concerning his vineyard: and he whom I love shall have a vineyard, on a very good hill.
and out of the city he took a captain of the guard, and seven men who stood before the king continually in the city, and the scribes of the captains of the army, and the number of the people, and of the people who were found in the city, sixty men.
and if he desires to offer an offering made by fire to Yahweh from the herd or from the flock, a burnt offering, or a sacrifice of any kind, a vow offering, or a joyful offering, or a sweet savor to Yahweh at the appointed time;
Abraham was circumcised that day with Ishmael his son.
David came and took their father's sheep in Bethlehem, in the place of Saul.
Now therefore, if you will surely listen to my voice, and keep my covenant, you shall be my own treasure among the nations; for all the earth is mine.
and we didn't listen to the voice of Yahweh our God, to walk in his law, which he set before us by his servants the prophets.
Let their mouth be exalted to Yahweh, And their hands be slain with the sword that covers the earth;
saying, Don't touch my anointed one, And don't do evil to my prophets:
As if a man kisses a man with his mouth, So is he who answers with wisdom.
Yahweh is great, and will be greatly praised, In our God's city, In his holy mountain.
Samaria was a great famine; and they surrounded the city, so that there was a donkey whose head was eight hundred shekels of silver, and whose snare was one hundred fifty shekels of silver.
So I will sing and praise your name forever. I will keep my vows day and night.
It will happen in that day that there will be a living water out of Jerusalem, half of it to the east, and half of it to the west: so shall it be for the height of it, and so shall it be for the summer.
If they buy the inheritance of other tribes of Israel, their inheritance shall pass over to the inheritance of our fathers, and shall be added to the inheritance of their tribes which they shall inherit: so shall the inheritance of our lot pass over to us.
A fool's son is a calamity to his father. A wife's baldness is like a pool of water.
There came out of the camp of the Philistines a great multitude, whose name was Golat the Gittite, and whose height was six cubits and a half;
I turned and looked, and saw all the oppression that was under the sun: and behold, the oppressors cried out, and there was no comfort; for they were not comforted, because they oppressed them.
It happened on the third day, that Esther put on the queen's robe, and stood in the king's court, and over against the king's house: and the king reigned in the king's court, and over against the gate of the king's house.
He took Agag king of Amalek alive, and struck his people with the edge of the sword.
They baked unleavened bread without blemish out of Egypt with the green herb, that they might not bear, neither prepared food for themselves, because of the famine, which was out of Egypt.
So David overthrew the Philistines with cords and stones, and struck them; but David's hand didn't fall with a sword.
Therefore I tell you, whatever you pray, believe that it has been done, and that it will be done.
You took my silver, and gave me no bread to eat; my silver, and gave me no water to drink; and I walked after you.
The king Jehoiakim sent to Egypt, even Elnathan the son of Achor, and certain men, to Egypt.
Naomi came again, and Ruth the Moabitess, her daughter-in-law, who had come from the land of Moab, with her: and when they came to Bethlehem, it was the time to gather the barley.
Come and fight with me. You have seen what I did before, and you have heard what I did now.
Be careful that you don't do good in the sight of men, that you may not receive the reward of your Father.
Jacob did so. Laban took Rachel, his daughter, and gave her to him as wife seven days after the feast of Leah.
Listen to the prayer of your servants, Lord, and to the prayer of those who delight in the fear of your name. Make your servant prosper this day, and find favor in the sight of this man. Then I was king.
It happened on the next day, that he was going to Galilee, and found Philip, and said to him, Follow me.
It happened in the fourteenth year of king Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, in the fifth month, on the seventh day of the month, that Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard of the king of Babylon came to Jerusalem;
He took the twelve, and said to them, Behold, we are going up to Jerusalem, and all that the prophets have said concerning the Son of Man is fulfilled.
David feared Yahweh that day, saying, The ark of Yahweh shall come to my place.
His bones are like brass, And his bones like iron.
When Elisha the man of God heard that the king of Israel had torn his clothes, he sent to the king, saying, Why have you torn your clothes? let the man come to me, and he shall know that there is a prophet in Israel.
He destroyed the pillars, and took the Asherim, and filled them with bones.
The birds of the sky, and the fish of the sea, and all the living creatures of the sea, were his.
From the days of John the Baptizer even to this day, the Kingdom of Heaven is a mighty enemy, and those who are mighty are taken with vengeance.
He went to Ophrah to his father's house, and killed all the sons of Jeroboam, his brothers, seventy men, on a rock: but Jotham the youngest son of Jeroboam remained, because he had fled.
The heart of the Holy One will understand knowledge. He who speaks from the tongue will speak and understand.
God has revealed the prophets, that they may know that their service is not for themselves, but for you. Now the Spirit, which is sent out of heaven, has spoken to you through the angels of the Good News, and the angels wait eagerly for it.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
I have not sought the money of a man, nor the garments of it;
The glory of Yahweh went up out of the city, and he lodged on the mountains that were beyond the city eastward.
The mouth of the righteous stirs up many, But fools die for lack of understanding.
The women said to Naomi, Blessed be Yahweh, for he has not forsaken you this day, so that you have no relatives. Let this child be a hero among the children of Israel.
Their heart is like oil, But I love your law.
God will not take away his wrath. He has made Rahab to lie down under him.
As the valley of the scattering, As the field by the river, As the cedars of Yahweh, As the cedars of the waters.
He came again, and saw them sleeping, because their eyes were dry. They didn't know what to say to him.
The light was in darkness, but the darkness received the light.
Therefore I apologise to you in the name of the Lord, and don't repeat that which is done to the Gentiles, which is vanity and a desolation,
Out of the tribe of Dan he gave Jericho with its suburbs, Gibbethon with its suburbs,
He sat down, and called for him. When he came to him, Jesus said to him,
For you say, Where is the king's house? Where is the habitation of the wicked?
The sucklings will be fed with milk, And the sucklings with frankincense: So the wrath of one who stirs up wrath will be burnt up.
The natives and the foreigners are one in the midst of you. They walk in the same way.
Moses said to Yahweh, So the Egyptians shall hear; for you have brought this people up out of the midst of them with your power.
It happened, when Ishmael his son was circumcised, that he was thirteen years old.
When they heard that he was raised, and that he was seen by Mary, they also believed.
In the midst of the nations he speaks of his glory. In the midst of the peoples he speaks of his marvelous works.
Then Uzziah was angry, and took a censer in his hand to burn incense: and when he was angry with the priest, before the priests who were by the altar of incense in the house of Yahweh, his head was swollen with leprosy.
Malachi burned on his head, and tore the green clothing that he had put on, and walked on his head with his hand, and went on and on.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
You shall not touch him with your hand, but you shall stone him with stones, or stone him with a stone: neither man nor animal shall touch him, and he shall not live: but when the sound of the trumpet is heard, they shall go up to the top of the hill.
In the twenty-ninth year of the reign of Jeroboam king of Israel began Asa to reign over Judah.
and set him on the high places of the earth, and ate the fruit of the field; and made him to drink wine from the rock, and oil from the fire;
The lord said to his servant, Get out of the way, and get by the lanes, and entice men in, that my house may be full.
Blessed is he who is grieved for sin, For they will be comforted by God.
For I will pray for you well for the house of Yahweh our God.
For if it is done right, you will receive a good name, and will be able to speak the word of Christ Jesus.
They have ears, but they don't hear. They have ears, but they don't hear.
When they came into Samaria, Elisha said, Open, Yahweh, the eyes of these men, that they may see. Yahweh opened their eyes, and they saw, and didn't count them, that they were dead in the city of Samaria.
Absalom fled. The watchman's young men lifted up their eyes, and saw, and behold, a great multitude came from behind him, from the way of the mountain.
Behold, I will make you a new vessel for the grain, and it shall be built; and you shall strike the mountains to the ends of the earth, and shall make the mountains a desolation.
The altar for the burnt offering shall be a table of stone, four cubits long, and four cubits broad, and a cubit high: and on it shall be the burnt offering, and the vessels for the burnt offering.
The law of the children of Israel is according to the priesthood of the Levites: if any man be perfected by this priesthood, he shall not make any more a priest to be ordained, other than Melchizedek, as Aaron has ordained.
As he sat on the throne of frankincense, he saw all the people casting away money, and many rich people casting away money.
There shall be no man in his place forever and ever. The Arabians shall not set tents there, neither shall the shepherds cause the flocks to fall there.
You shall not take the life of the man who kills him because of iniquity, but shall surely put it to death.
For the house of my God have I been strong, and have prepared silver for silver vessels, and brass for brass vessels, and iron for iron vessels, and wood for wood vessels; and a horseshoe, and precious stones, and precious stones, and stones of all kinds, and stones of all kinds.
Ahaziah was forty-two years old when he began to reign; and he reigned one year in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Athaliah the daughter of Omri.
He said to them, Behold, fear of Yahweh is wisdom, But escaping from evil is understanding.
He is a whirlwind and a whirlwind; he doesn't know anything; he stirs up wrath on you, and on the burnt offering.
He spoke to the locusts, from the cedars of Lebanon to the oxen that rose up on the wall; and to the animals, and to the birds, and to the creeping things, and to the peoples.
A wise man searches knowledge with his whole heart, But the mouth of fools delights in foolishness.
He gave to the king one hundred talents of gold, and many spices, and precious stones. The spices which he gave to the king had not been as the spices which Sheba gave to Solomon.
If your brother goes into poverty, and dwells with you, and doesn't give himself to you, let him not serve you as a servant.
You shall bring no gold, nor silver, nor brass, into your yoke.
Yahweh's works are great. All that he does shall be gladly done.
So you will be our glory in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ, and we will be your glory.
When Joab saw that they had set the battle in array before him, he chose the army out of all the army of Israel, and set them in array against the Syrians.
Those who were round about him begged him that he would depart from them, because they were afraid. He sailed back.
I spoke to the priests and to all the people of the land, saying, Thus says Yahweh, Don't listen to the prophecies of the prophets which they prophesy to you: for they say, Behold, the vessels of the house of Yahweh shall not return from Babylon; but they prophesy falsely to you.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Joram his son reigned in his place.
You will receive the testimonies which you need, that he has spoken through me, and that he is not hidden from you, but mighty in the midst of you.
Abimelech went up against the city all the day, and took the city, and killed the inhabitants of it, and broke down the city, and crushed it with salt.
It shall be on Aaron's head, that Aaron may bear the iniquity of the children of Israel, which they have sinned in all the holy offering. It shall be on Aaron's head continually, that they may be accepted before Yahweh.
They took all their goods, and all their money, and all their children, and all their women, and all their household goods.
I tell you, God will be steadfast in his justice. But when the Son of Man comes, will he see it in the world?
They girded with sackcloth in the streets. They wept every man in his house, and in the broad place where they were. Their eyes remained open.
On the right hand he works, and I don't see him. On the left he hides himself, and I don't see him.
Therefore a father shall kill a son to eat in the midst of you, and a son shall kill a father to eat: and I will judge you in the midst of you; and I will scatter all the remnant of you in the midst of the earth.
For to him who is disappointed in me and in my words, the Son of Man will also be disappointed in himself, and in the glory of the Father and of the Holy One.
Blessed is Yahweh for his Kingdom. Blessed is the people whom he has chosen for his inheritance.
He took the pomegranates out of the field, And left the grapes of the wicked.
Now concerning the resurrection of the dead, don't you read the words which God spoke to you,
Therefore all the wealth of the Moabites, and all their wares, shall pass over the brook.
The offering of the rest of the people was twenty-two talents of gold, and two thousand talents of silver; and the offering of the priests sixty-seven talents.
We will take one hundred men out of all the tribes of Israel, and one thousand out of one thousand, and one thousand out of one thousand, and will measure the people, and will bring them to Gibeah of Benjamin, when they come to them; and they shall do to them according to their reproach which they have done among the children of Israel.
and in the midst of Moab and of the children of Ammon, and in Edom, and among all the Jews of the nations, when they heard that the king of Babylon had left out all the Jews who were left, and had appointed Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, the son of Shaphan, to rule over them.
I tell you, if two of you come with one accord to pray on the earth, my Father will surely sustain them.
It happened in the twenty-ninth year of king Altasias, in the ninth month, in the first month, that it happened, that I gave a supplication to the king; and I had no sorrowful sorrow before the king.
The scepter will be turned away from me. I have rejected all evil things.
You shall not uncover the nakedness of your father's brother; he is your father's nakedness.
A voice says, Lift up, lift up, prepare you, and cut off from my people the way.
When Saul had eaten enough, he arose and stayed some days with the disciples of Damascus.
Absalom pressed him; and the king gave permission to Amnon, and to all the king's sons.
Abimelech went to Tephseh; and he encamped in Tephseh, and took it.
Then they made on the top of it the work of a skillful workman, and the turban of it, and the turban of the ephod with it, of gold, and of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
All the saints will greet you.
If it is not good for you to serve Yahweh, then you shall choose today what you shall serve, whether the gods which your fathers served beyond the River, or the gods of the Amorites who lived in their land? As for me, and for my house, so shall we serve Yahweh.
One saw it, and said to Joab, I saw Absalom's ark in a tree.
I speak to the Gentiles, for I am a disciple of the Gentiles. I am righteous in this regard from my own hill.
Then the army of the king of Babylon stayed at Jerusalem; and Jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the guard in the house of the king of Judah.
For many of Ephraim and Manasseh and Issachar and Zebulun were unclean; but they ate the Passover, and didn't observe the way.
As a woman who is pregnant, she trembles, And cried in her affliction. So we are before you, Yahweh.
The Son of Man will come with his angels in the glory of his Father; and he will reward and punish everyone according to his work.
Abimelech pursued after him; and he fled before him; and many fell down, even to the gate of the city.
They came near to the house of Micah, and heard the voice of the young Levite; and they went in to him, and asked him, Who brought you here? What did you do there? What did you do there?
David said, Will the men of Keilah deliver me into the hand of Saul, me and my men? He said, They will deliver you into his hand.
Jethro was glad because of all the good things that Yahweh had done to the children of Israel, and because he had delivered them out of the hand of the Egyptians.
Therefore will I give their wives to other men, and their fields to other men for an inheritance; for from the least of them even to the greatest of them they will play the prostitute, and from the prophet even to the priest they will commit adultery.
Thomas answered him, My lord, my God!
When the time comes, it is revealed through the word of faith. By the commandment of our God and Savior, I will proclaim this Good News.
Then I washed you with water, and washed your flesh with blood, and anointed you.
The sluggard says, There is a lion outside. If I go into the street, I will kill him.
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came, while his servants encamped in the city.
In the second year of Joash the son of Jehoahaz king of Israel Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah began to reign.
They have made the earth desolate. The earth is desolate, and they cry to me. The whole earth is desolate, because there is no man.
and the linen garments, and the holy garments of Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, that they might minister as priests;
The grain that they brought back from Egypt was eaten. Their father said to them, Go again, bring us a little food.
I have seen your life this day. Yahweh see my life also, and deliver me from all my affliction.
Now therefore, behold, I am, and I have no God. I have died, and I have lived. I have wounded, and I have afflicted, and none has been delivered out of my hand.
I will not utterly destroy you until the time comes, says Yahweh.
Hear my words, you islands. Listen, you peoples, far off. Yahweh has called me from the womb. From my mother's womb he has called my name.
Therefore I turned and dreamed for the labor that I labored under the sun.
In the thirty-eighth year of Asa king of Judah began Ahab the son of Omri to reign over Israel; and Ahab the son of Omri reigned over Israel in Samaria twenty-two years.
We have trusted in you to strike our enemies. We have trusted in your name to tread down those who fight against us.
The thing fulfilled the word which was spoken by Jeremiah the prophet, saying, They took the thirty pieces of silver, the price of the eunuchs for his sake.
Edom shall be a terror and a trembling, says Yahweh; and everyone who passes by it shall be amazed; for all the evil that he has found shall be a reproach to him.
But thanks be to God, for though you were bondsersvants of sins, now you have obeyed that which was preached to you with all your heart and with all your soul.
Six years shall you till your fields, and six years shall you till your vineyards, and you shall bring forth your yield.
When they were cut off for this cause, suddenly there stood beside them two men in white linen garments.
Then sent Horam his son to king David, and greeted him, and blessed him; for he was stronger against Hadarezer than against him (for he was stronger against Hadarezer and against Tou in battle). Horam brought the vessels of gold, and of silver, and of brass.
I, Yahweh, have called on you in righteousness, to take hold of your hand, and to keep you, that you may be a shield between you and the people, a light to the nations;
Now I tell you, don't form men, and let them go; for whatever they devise, and what they do, shall fail.
Put away the wicked from before the king, And his kingdom shall be established in righteousness.
You shall fear Yahweh your God, and serve him; and you shall be with him, and swear by his name.
If I am afraid of the multitude, Or of the divisions of the fathers' houses, So that I will not go out alone;
For the Romans didn't receive, nor keep, the ordinances of the law.
It happened on the next day, that the Philistines came to the slain men, and found Saul and his three sons dead on Mount Gilboa.
He who was clothed in his garment was full of bread and blood. His name was The land of God.
Then the palms of the king's hands were opened, and the writing was written on the king's desk, and on the lampstand; and the king saw the writing on the palms of his hands.
You shall remember that you were bondservants in the land of Egypt: therefore I command you to do so.
If you will listen to the voice of Yahweh your God, The blessings of this blessing shall come on you, and shall be on you:
that you may be filled with the fullness of the love of Christ, which is in him who raised up the knowledge of the world.
On this side were the faces of man, and their faces toward the right hand; and on that side the faces of lions, and their faces toward the left: so was the house round about.
If your people go forth into the battle against their enemy, in which you have sent them, toward the city which you have chosen, and toward the house which I have built for your name, to pray to you;
The Jews sought Jesus in the midst of the feast, and said to him, Where is this man?
Behold, the word of our Lord is a sign of salvation, which Paul, our beloved brother, spoke in the wisdom of God, when he wrote to you.
He made the ten brass in such a way, which was according to their names, their patterns, their patterns, and their appearance.
Yahweh will reign over the whole earth. Yahweh will be known in that day. His name will be known in that day.
He is not the God of the dead, but of the living, for everyone lives for the Lord.
Leah conceived, and bore a son. She named him Reuben, because he said, Yahweh has seen my affliction. Now my husband loves me.
Many of my brothers are more confident in the Lord, and more confident in the word of God, because of my imprisonment.
For they plotted against you to harm you, But they didn't succeed.
The offering is for a man to open his mouth, And to bring him before a great man.
I will offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving to you. I will call on the name of Yahweh.
Trust in a strong faith, and be strong against him; for you know the affliction of the sisters of the whole world.
So all the elders of Israel came to the king to Hebron: and David made a covenant with them in Hebron before Yahweh: and they anointed David, and made him king over Israel, as Yahweh had spoken by Samuel.
When you saw Nahash the king of the children of Ammon coming against you, he said to me, No, but we have determined to have a king over us; and Yahweh your God is your king.
Most assuredly I tell you, there will be famine in the days of Elijah three years, and great famine in all the land; and there will be many in Israel at that time.
Joseph brought Jacob his father in, and stood before Pharaoh: and Jacob blessed Pharaoh.
I will bless those who bless you. I will punish those who curse you. In you all the peoples of the earth will be blessed.
Isn't it you who eat and you who drink, that you don't eat and you drink?
then shall your heart be lifted up before Yahweh; for you have heard the words of his mouth against this place, and against the inhabitants of it; and you shall lift up your soul before me, and you shall weep before me, and I have heard your words, says Yahweh.
So you yourselves have established that you are the seed of the children of those who have been slain by the prophets.
You have covered my feet with your knees. You have shown me all my ways. You have commanded my steps.
When they had entered into the city, they drew near, and heard them, Peter, John, James, Antoleh, Philip, Thomas, Bartholomew, Mattai, James the son of Arphaius, Simon the son of Seloth, and Judas the son of Jacob.
My God, I will sing praises to you on the altar. I will sing praises to your faithfulness. I will sing praises to you on the altar of the Holy One of Israel.
They said to him, You are the disciple of the man, and we are Moses' disciple.
He said, Blessed be I. You have set me in the land of the South. Give me the springs of water. He gave him the springs of water, and the springs of water.
Sarah was afraid, and confessed, and said, I have no hand. The man said, Yes, you have no hand.
Then the children of Benjamin came, and the children of Israel gave them the young lady of Jabesh Gilead, whom he had left to live; but they didn't have enough.
For I appoint a Lord for those who suffer for the Lord's sake, that you should appoint a Lord.
Jehoshaphat the son of Asa reigned in his place; and he was strong against Israel.
But he who confesses these things confesses not the Spirit of God, but the Spirit of the adversaries of Christ. You have heard that the Spirit is coming, and it is now coming on the earth.
He touched his hand, and immediately the sun was setting, and he arose, and waited for him.
The head of the beast is like a death, and his death shall be healed. All the people of the world marveled, and followed the beast.
He made the doors of the priest's office, and the great doors, and the doors of the court, and he overlaid them with brass.
The waters poured forth on the earth forty days; and the waters lifted up the roof, and covered the ark with vines, and the ark was on the earth.
and if you seek understanding as money, and seek understanding as hidden treasures;
The elders of his city shall call him, and tell him, If he remembers, saying, I will not seek him,'
When they were baptized, he also came to be baptized. When he prayed, the heaven opened to him.
and Ain with its suburbs, and Utha with its suburbs, and Beth Shemesh with its suburbs; four cities in all: they gave them out of these two tribes.
They also, two of the convicts, were taken, and put to death with him.
He who devises evil devises evil.
Laban and Bethuel answered, It is Yahweh's, and we can't speak to you good or bad.
So now I live, not as I am, but Christ in me, living in faith; and now I live, and Christ loves me, and has forsaken my life.
(For the half-tribe of the assembly were thirty-three thousand seven thousand five hundred sheep;
Jehoash king of Israel took Amaziah king of Judah, the son of Jehoash the son of Jehoash, in Beth Shemesh, and brought him to Jerusalem; and he broke down the wall of Jerusalem from the gate of Ephraim to the corner gate, four hundred cubits.
Isn't it written, The Christ is the seed of David, who came out of Bethlehem, the city of David?'
As Yahweh destroyed the nations before you, so will you be destroyed; because you didn't listen to the voice of Yahweh your God.
Rejoice in the Lord continually. Yes, I say again, rejoice!
For if a tree is cut down, there is hope, and it fails, and the branches of it aren't cut off.
He saves others, but he can't save himself. Now he reigns over Israel. Come down from the cross, and we will believe.
All that he touches that he has an odious spirit shall be unclean from his bed. All that he does shall be unclean from his work.
It happened in the ninth year, when the kings were gone out, that David sent Joab, and his servants, and all Israel: and they killed the children of Ammon, and overthrew Rabbah: and David lived in Jerusalem.
Hezekiah turned his face to the right hand, and prayed to Yahweh, saying,
When I come to you, don't chastise me for you; for I will surely chastise those who do the things which are written in the book of the testimony.
We said to my lord, A child can't go out from his father, but if he goes out from his father, he shall surely die.'
Don't let my heart turn away from evil, That I may die in deeds of iniquity, and that I may not eat of their good things.
Let each one of you be separate, that the teaching of Christ may be made known to you.
Say to the wise, You are my sister. Call wisdom your close kinsman.
Simon Peter rose up in the boat, and threw out the net, and filled it with fish, even the first fish was one hundred fifty-three; and though the fish were plentiful, the net was not broken.
Thus says Ben Hadad, Your silver and your gold are mine; and your wives and your sons and your daughters who are beautiful are mine.
There is no one who lives solely for himself, nor who dies solely for himself.
These vessels were taken by Mitletat the king of Persia, who was over the chambers, and numbered them, and delivered to Sheshbazzar the prince of Judah.
You shall break down their altars, and break down their pillars, and burn their Asherim with fire; and you shall cut down the images of the gods which they have engraved; and you shall destroy their name out of the land.
The throne was six cubits high, and the throne was joined to the throne of gold. On the one side were palm trees, and on the other side two lions standing.
Shall the Lord strike Israel as those who struck him? Shall he be slain as those who killed him?
You, God, will cause them to fall into the pit of destruction. The slain and the iniquitous shall not live. If it is me, I will trust in you.
He struck the women of the city of the priests, the little ones, the nursing babies, the oxen, the donkeys, and the sheep, with the edge of the sword.
and say, Behold, the scorching heat!' and abhor him with a scourge, says Yahweh of Armies: and if you bring for a present the spoil of your hands, the lame and the sick, shall I receive it from your hand? says Yahweh.
Jeremiah said to them, Thus shall you tell Zedekiah:
He has given us our inheritance, The glory of Jacob, whom he loves. Selah.
I know that you have a true faith, which is more abundantly in your mother, in Loew, and in your mother, in the daughter-in-law, and I know that you also have this faith.
You shall tell them, This is not according to the word of Yahweh their God, but according to the uncircumcised people: the truth passes away, and is broken out of their mouth.
Wisdom dwells in the heart of the understanding. The innermost parts of fools are seen.
He shall lay his hand on his head, and kill him before the tent of meeting. Aaron's sons shall sprinkle the blood on the altar round about.
The second, and the third, sought the brother.
Enclose me, that I may escape from the wrath of the wicked, From the wrath of the unrighteous.
Who has given him the land? Who has set the whole world in order?
Let him live forever. They will give him the gold of Sheba. They will pray for him continually, And praise him all day long.
Who is the King of glory? Yahweh of Armies, he is King of glory. Selah.
You despise my holy things. You persecute my Sabbaths.
Now therefore, say you, Go, tell your lord, Here is Elijah;' and he shall surely kill me.
Immediately the commanding officer and the captain of the army came to the people; and when they saw the captain and the army, they bowed their hands, and didn't beat Paul any more.
The poles shall be always in the ark, and they shall not be taken out.
Because they turned away from all the evil of other gods that they had done that day, therefore have I turned my face.
He sat on the throne in the day of the ark, and spoke to the people in a king's robe.
It happened on the seventh day of the month, that the priest Ezra the priest brought the book of the law before the council, that the south was yours, and that everyone who heard it had a hearing.
But Moses entered into Yahweh's presence, and spoke with him; and he lifted up his voice, until he came forth: and when he came forth, he spoke to the children of Israel the words which Yahweh commanded him.
Your servant loves the stones of Zion. He keeps the dust of it in his hand.
Immediately the snare of the fool is revealed, But the prudent conceals his own shame.
My soul has obeyed your precepts. I delight in your words.
Return you therefore, and weep before Yahweh: but Yahweh will not hear your voice, nor turn his ear to you.
How much less that Christ, through the Spirit of eternal life, gave his own blood without reproach to God? Isn't his blood sanctified in our hearts, that he may escape from death, and serve the living God?
When he had finished, he took it up, and put on his clothing, and went away. He went out, and was crucified.
Behold, a king shall reign in righteousness; and princes shall reign in justice.
I turned and looked, and behold, who spoke with me; and behold, seven golden lampstands.
For they have forsaken me, and have burned incense to other gods, and have provoked me to anger with the work of their hands: therefore my wrath has fallen on this land.
For he will deliver you out of the clutches of the donkey, And out of the pestilence of evil.
But he shall leave his roots on the earth, and bind them with iron and brass, and water them with the dew of the sky in the new grass of the field; and he shall be sown with the animals of the sky on the grass of the earth.
We are broken in pieces. We are put in prison. We are weary, we don't sleep, we don't eat.
As Babylon caused the slain of Israel to fall, so shall the slain of all Israel fall in Babylon.
Rehoboam went to Shechem; for all Israel came to Shechem to make him king.
Isn't he who circumcised the body, and who walked in the law, not guilty? For you have circumcised the body of the law, but you have not walked in the law.
Isaiah said this because he had seen the glory of Jesus, and had spoken concerning him.
He brought them to the border of the sanctuary, To the mountain which he had obtained with his right hand.
He made the boards for the tent, and on the south side twenty boards.
Their heart trembles at wickedness. They gather themselves together to battle.
For the king's words are high. Who will say to him, What do you do?
The disciples said to him, Rabbi, come to the Jews, that they may stone you with stones. Will you go there again?
Your enemies roar in your temple. They set their days in order.
The prophet said, My sleep is troubled. My sleep is glad.
There is good news from afar, Like water to the thirsty.
We know that God doesn't listen to the prayer of sinners, but if a man worship God, and do his will, God will listen to his prayer.
But he was snared and carried away; and his young ones were slain in the streets; and they were astonished at the honorable man of his; and all his stature was broken in pieces.
The captains of the people went out, and their captains with them, and said to the people, Thus says Pharaoh, I will give you no more grass.
It happened after Jeremiah, that Ishdan the Bethlehemite was judge over Israel.
Yahweh sent a messenger into the camp of the king of Assyria, and destroyed all the mighty men of valor, and all the princes of the army: and the king of Assyria returned to his own land in shame, and into the house of his god; and there his son who bore him killed him with the sword.
I stood up in the first year of Darius king of Macedonia, and strengthened him.
He shall dwell in the city, until he stands before the congregation to be judged; and until the high priest has died, then he who kills shall return to his own city, or to his own family, from where he fled out.
You shall not multiply the word that I command you, neither shall you diminish it, that you may keep the commandment of Yahweh your God, which I command you.
I will bless him, and I will give you a son to him. I will bless him, and he will be a mother to the nations. A king of the nations will come out of him.
Your cities shall be ensnared in the dust of our feet, and we shall stumble; but you shall know that the Kingdom of God is at hand.'
We cries like a harp, And call like a robber. We hope for justice, but they don't find it. We hope for salvation, but they are far from us.
Grace to us, mercy, and peace, from God our Father and his Son Jesus Christ, that we may live full of truth and love.
I command you, daughters of Jerusalem, the rams and the ravens of the field: Don't let him be wet, neither let him be afraid of my desire, until he has made an end.
The silver that was found in the house of Yahweh was poured out, and delivered into the hand of the laborer and of the laborer.
He went out again in the morning, and saw a man standing on a great path,
For the king's ships went with the servants of Hiram to Tarshish; and the ships of Tarshish carried gold, and silver, and jewels, and armor, and vessels, three years, and returned.
It happened, when Joshua was dead, that the children of Israel inquired of Yahweh, saying, Who shall go up first against us against the Canaanites, who fight against us?
There was a lame man at Lystra, who sat at all times on his knees, and could not walk.
He tore the tower of Penuel, and killed the men of the city.
I will show him my footstool. I will come to him as a king.
because they have persecuted you with a bribe in the matter of Bohol, and in the matter of Cozpah the daughter of Midian, their sister, with a bribe; and this Cozpah has persuaded you with a bribe in the day of pestilence, because the matter of Bohol has been uncovered.
When he had been slain, many witnesses showed him that he was alive. In forty days he appeared to the disciples, and spoke to them about the Kingdom of God.
If she said, I am not a vision, therefore I am not a body,' she would not be a body, because of this.
He came near, and gave them bread, and fish, as he gave them.
Joram said, Take a chariot; and he took it: and Joram king of Israel and Ahaziah king of Judah went out, every man with his chariot, and went out to take Jehu, and found him in the field of Naboth the Jezreelite.
They cast out many arks, and anointed many sick people, and healed them.
For he saw that Christ was more reproachful than the riches of Egypt, For he looked for the reward to come.
For I don't want to repeat the things that were done to you, except that Jesus Christ was crucified with him, and he was crucified with him.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Will your heart be strong in the day that I visit you? Will your hand be strong? Thus shall you do, says Yahweh.
He had two wives: the name of the one was Hannah, and the name of the other Peninnah. Peninnah had sons and daughters, but Hannah had no sons and daughters.
Then he commanded the children of Benjamin, saying, Go, hide yourselves among the vines:
Adonijah said to him, Come in, for you are a liar. You will surely be rewarded for your good deeds.
They gathered themselves together in the temple day by day with one accord, and proclaimed the feast of the Sabbaths, eating and drinking with a joyful heart, and praising God,
They answered him, Our fathers are Abraham. Jesus said to them, If you are Abraham's seed, you will do that which Abraham did.
I tell you that the camel is more abundantly than the rich in the Kingdom of Heaven.
If you offer an offering made by fire for a meal offering, you shall offer unleavened bread of fine flour, fine flour mixed with oil, and unleavened cakes of oil mixed with oil.
He sent also the young men of Israel to offer burnt offerings, and to offer peace offerings to Yahweh with oxen.
The ox went on his way toward Beth Shemesh, and went on his way, and went on his way, and roared; he didn't turn to the right hand nor to the left: and the princes of the Philistines came after them to the border of Beth Shemesh.
Then Adoni-Zedek king of Jerusalem heard that Joshua had taken away the city of Ai, and had destroyed it utterly, as he had done to the city of Ai and to the king of it, as he did to Jericho and to the king of it: and he heard that the inhabitants of Gibeon had made a covenant with the children of Israel, and lived among them;
All the land of Egypt shall be before you; and you shall cause your father and your brothers to dwell in the most pleasant place of the land; and they shall dwell in the land of Goshen: and if you know that there are among them more perverse men, then you shall cause them to rule over my livestock.
Remember them, my God, for they have broken the covenant of the priests, the priests the Levites, for their priesthood is defiled.
You will be hated by all men because of me.
I will set apart my people and your people; and this sign shall be in the morning.'
Touch your tongue, and don't speak evil. Touch your lips, and don't speak deceitful words.
But the Levites, who bear the ephah of the priesthood, even as all Israel are Abraham's sons, even as brothers, they shall be commanded by law to gather the tenth part of their portion out of the people, according to the law.
Then Judah was his sanctuary, And Israel his kingdom.
Jesus saw two ships sailing by the sea, and they departed from the ship, and were bathing.
Whether you go into a city, or into a sanctuary, you shall hear who among you will beg you, and go in there, and dwell there, until you are far off.
Oh that you would remember the prayer and the supplication of your servant, Yahweh my God, and would listen to the cry of your servant before you this day.
You sons of mighty men, give glory and strength to Yahweh, and to Yahweh.
You bought me neither silver nor oil of sacrifice, but labored with my iniquity, and wept with my iniquity.
Judas Iscariot, the son of Jacob, and Judas Iscariot, who betrayed Jesus.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who enters into the service in the Tent of Meeting shall number himself.
I will establish him in my house and in my kingdom forever; and his throne shall be established forever.
It happened, while he was still alive, that a lion came near by the way. When the lion came, he ate the seed.
Yahweh said to Joshua, Don't be afraid of them; for I have delivered them into your hand, and there shall not stand before you a man with them.
and all the sheep and the oxen, and the animals of the field,
Son of man, prophesy for it, and tell Gog, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: Don't you know the day of rest for my people Israel?
From the River even to the land of the Philistines, even to all the kingdoms that were beyond the border of Egypt, Solomon overthrew them: and in the days of Solomon's life they stood up and served him.
The wounds of a friend are good, But the kisses of a enemy are treacherous.
The idol will be utterly destroyed.
He said to them, What are you talking about with them?
Don't forsake me, Yahweh. Don't be far from me, my God.
Jesus answered them, You think that you don't know. You don't know the power of God.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: In the first month, on the first day of the month, take uncircumcised bulls, and purify the sanctuary.
Zedekiah the king commanded to put Jeremiah in the court of the guard, and to give him a bribe day by day from the house of bread, until there was no bribe in the city. Jeremiah remained in the court of the guard.
The king said to all his people, Behold, this people Israel is greater and mightier than we.
Then they poured out their sacks, so that they couldn't see every man's wealth in his sack; and when they saw their wealth, they were afraid, they and their fathers.
For you didn't circumcise the need of the saints, but multiplied the thanksgiving of God to many.
You shall dwell in one house wherever you go in, and you shall go out from there.
We are God's. He who knows God hears us, and he who doesn't know God doesn't listen to us. So we can discern between the Spirit of truth and the Spirit of righteousness.
He freed those who were afraid of death, and became bondsersers all the days of their life.
Let the king plead the cause of the afflicted, Save the poor, And lead the oppressed away.
You shall take a small portion of the treasury of it, and leave it on the earth, and you shall not shout against it.
You shall see, and be glad in your heart; and your bones shall be watered as a bare grass; and the hand of Yahweh shall be revealed to his servants; and he shall be angry with his enemies.
I will make you a desolation and a reproach among the nations that are round about you, and a sight to the eyes of those who pass by.
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
But the high places were not taken away: yet the people sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, the God of Abraham, concerning the house of Jacob: Jacob shall no more be ashamed, neither shall his face be changed.
As for us, it is a shame that we have not done this, but if anyone boasts, it is a foolish man speaking, and I don't speak.
Samuel took a lamb of a breast, and burnt it for a burnt offering to Yahweh: and Samuel cried to Yahweh for the children of Israel, and Yahweh answered him.
He took gold for every golden bowl of it, and silver for every golden bowl of it,
I will set a precedent for you to be mine; and I will set a precedent for you to me in righteousness, in justice, in loving kindness, and in compassion;
Ephraim has deceived me with deceit; and the house of Israel has surrounded me with deceit: Judah has established God, and has a faithful heart toward the Holy One.
His young men shall fall in the streets; and all his soldiers shall perish in that day, says Yahweh of Armies.
For we know that all things are still weeping and groaning, as the affliction of the flesh.
Hurry for me, Yahweh, for I am faint. Hurry for me, Yahweh, for my bones tremble.
Gilgal isn't it sinful? Yes, they are all lying men. They offer sacrifices of oxen in Gilgal. Their altars are like a rock of iniquity in the field.
Peter said to him, Your money is consumed with you; for you think that the gift of God is worthy to be bought for money.
It was in the heart of David my father to build a house for the name of Yahweh, the God of Israel.
You shall take water, and prepare for it. You shall establish your stronghold. You shall tread down the dust in the threshing floor.
He said to Lot, Where are the men who come to you? Let them go out, as we desire.
He said to him, Tell us, Who gave you authority to do these things? Who gave you authority?
I believe that the living will receive the favor of Yahweh, and will not be afraid.
This thing became a sin, because the people went to Dan, and worshiped before it.
All the gates of the court were toward the land that was left: one gate was toward the north, and one gate toward the south; and the land that was left round about was five cubits.
The king of Assyria took the children of Israel, and brought them to Assyria, and put them in Halah and Habool, and in the cities of Gozan by the river, and in the cities of the Medes.
As often as I see you, I give thanks to my God.
I have put my words in your mouth, and have covered you with the covering of my hand; and I have listened to you; and I have said to Zion, You are my people.
Put on shorts, and don't let the house be clothed.
and the hand went and took some, and went and ate; and when he came to his father-in-law, he gave them some, and they ate; but he didn't tell his father-in-law that this was the blood of the lion.
You know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, who, though he is great, works poverty for you, works poverty for you.
When he had gone out on the way, a certain man came and sat before him, and said to him, Good teacher, what shall I do, that I may have eternal life?
The young man who told him said, I have come to Mount Gilboa, and have seen Saul sitting by his spear, and chariots and horsemen following him.
The famine and the scorching heat destroy the iniquity. So is Sheol to those who sin.
Berel arose, and Nebo fell; and their idols fell on the animals and on the livestock: and the light of your days was turned into a snare for the weary.
Joseph said to them, What is this that you do? Don't you know that as I do, so are you a magician?
He took the best of the flock, and threw the wood on the poles, and set the poles on their sides, that they might lay the bones in the midst of the flock.
Yahweh God said to the woman, I will greatly increase your affliction, and you shall afflict your children; and you shall be a burden to your husband, and he shall rule over you.
They shall build houses, and dwell in them. They shall plant vineyards, and eat the fruit of them.
Moses and Yahweh were there forty days and forty nights: they didn't eat bread nor drink water: and he wrote on two tables the words of this covenant, which are ten parts.
You stood before Yahweh your God on Mount Horeb that day, and Yahweh said to me, Gather my people together; and I will cause them to hear my words, that they may live in the day of their birth, and to learn fear of me, and to teach their children.
For God judges righteously. He will recompense those who are afflicted with evil,
You know, Yahweh, the schemes which they shall use against me: don't forgive their iniquity, neither blot out their iniquity from before you; let them fall before you; punish them when you are angry.
Then his voice stirred up the earth, but now he says, I will not stir up the earth any more, neither will I stir up the heavens.
But if you don't walk in your own ways, you have nothing to boast about.
Who is he who teaches wisdom? Who makes him understand what he says? Is it he who stretches out his breast, and stretches out his thigh?
and of Nineveh, and of Levi, which is in the midst of Kalah; which is the great city.
Is this the thing which my lord the king has done, and you haven't told your servants: who shall sit on the throne of my lord the king, and make his word?
Let him therefore who speaks in a foreign language pray that he may have a spirit of knowledge.
As he was coming to Jericho, a blind man was sitting by the road praying.
Thus says Yahweh to this people: They desire vengeance, and have not swore to their feet; therefore Yahweh accepts them; and I will remember their iniquity, and will punish them for their sins.
The chief priests and the scribes saw the wonders which Jesus had done, and the children cried out in the temple, Hosanna! The children of David were very angry.
Sarah, my master's wife, bore me a son in her old age, and my master gave him all that she had.
In the midst of the nations he spoke of his glory, In the midst of the peoples his marvelous works.
Wisdom is before the eyes of the understanding, But the eyes of fools are on the ends of the earth.
In the days of Ahasuerus (this Ahasuerus was one hundred twenty-seven years old, from the end of the world even to the end of the world),
that the words of my servant may be fulfilled, and that the counsel of my angel may be fulfilled. As for Jerusalem, I say, A man shall dwell therein; and as for the city of Judah, I say, A man shall be built therein; and the desolate place I will raise up.
Joshua circumcised them; for all the men of war who were brought forth out of Egypt were in the wilderness, all the men of war who came forth out of Egypt.
Hold your peace in your hands, and be strong; for Saul your master is dead, and the house of Judah will anoint me king over them.
The mouth of the righteous is a spring of life, But violence covers the mouth of the wicked.
These are those who are sent by the Pharisees.
For all the children of God will be exalted above the world. Our faith will be exalted above the world.
There was a priest outside of the city, a Zerubbabel, who brought the bull, and the blood, and came to the gate of the city, that he might sacrifice with all the people.
When James and John, his disciples, saw it, they said, Lord, do you want us to call for a fire from heaven to devour them?
He shall change the lamps before Yahweh continually in the clean lampstand.
Is it lawful for a servant to keep his charge which he has commanded his lord?
Jesus set his God in order from the beginning, as Moses set in the house of God.
Philip went up from there, and preached to him the Good News of Jesus.
How can you speak good, you serpents, who know that they are evil? For whatever fills a man's heart, whatever comes out of his mouth.
For you, Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel, have portrayed your servant, saying, I will build you a house: therefore your servant has prayed this prayer to you.
Thus shall you say to them, Those who are not gods of heaven shall perish from the earth and from the air.
But he lay still in the stern, and his disciples called him, saying, Teacher, do we have no need for you?
The boy burned incense in his bowels; and he said, Why then have I seen such a thing as this? He went and inquired of Yahweh.
The elders of Jabesh said to him, Please allow us to stay seven days, that we may send to all the borders of Israel: and if no one saves us, we will go out to you.
This grace calls us to forsake the life of ungodliness, and the love of sin, and to pass through the wrath of righteousness and of godliness in this world;
Those who are great have wisdom, but those who are modest have justice.
Why are the temple of God and the idols set together? We are the temple of the living God. As God has said, I will dwell with my people, and walk among them. I will be their God, and they will be my people.
They have prospered all their days. A few days they have brought down Sheol.
Neither have I prayed for them, Neither have I prayed for the word which I preached to them,
Don't lie, and deceive; for you have redeemed your lords and your lords,
Jesus, perceiving it, said to them, Why do you despise this woman? For she did good for me.
The one cherub was five cubits long, and went out to the other side of the house: and the other cherub was five cubits long, and the cherub's wings.
No matter what it is, it shall not be feared by the enemy, that they may perish, and that you may be strengthened; for all this is the work of God.
Then I said, My strength has perished. There is no hope for me in Yahweh.
David said to him, Who are you? From where have you come? He said to him, I am an Egyptian youth, a servant of the Amalekites; for I was three days sick, and my master left me.
The Levites shall cry out to all Israel with a loud voice, saying,
Rehoboam lived in Jerusalem, and built fortified cities in the land of Judah.
Reuben answered them, Didn't I tell you, Don't harm the child by committing iniquity? but you didn't listen. Therefore the iniquity of his blood is poured out on us.
When Joseph's brothers saw that their father was dead, they said, Is it possible that Joseph hates us, and does to us all the evil that we have done to him?
They found songs, and no one made them bread, nor comforted them for the dead: they were sold, and no one made them drink of the cup of comfort.
Behold, there stood before him a certain humble man.
He cried to all the army of Israel, and said to them, What will you do? Am I not a Philistine, and you not Saul's servant? choose one of you, and bring him down to me.
Many years shall a man live; many years shall he rejoice; but only to the days of darkness; for many are the days of darkness. All that shall come shall be vanity.
Son of man, why do you prophesy such things in the land of Israel, saying, The days are long, and the visions are not fulfilled?
I will make him a desolation, and he shall be no more sown, neither shall he be cut down, nor shall he be cut down any more; and I will command the cloud to not fall on him.
He has given us this blessing, And has made all understanding sound,
Aaron was one hundred twenty-three years old when he died on Mount Hor.
God said, The heavens of the heavens shall have a light, that they may separate them day and night, and that they may be for a sign, for a sign, for a sign, for a day, for a year,
If a man has two wives, one whom he loves, and one whom he hates, then they shall bear him children; but the first is the wife whom he hates.
The sons of Asa, who sang and stood by them, kept every gate, as David, Asaph, Heman, and Jeduthun the king's son-in-law commanded: they shall not depart from their work; for their brothers the Levites had prepared for them.
David said to the men who followed him, Take swords every man. They took swords, and David took swords. There were about two hundred men who went up with David, and two hundred kept ten things.
When they go, I will cast my net over them. I will make them fall like a bird of the sky. I will mock them according to the word of their congregation.
But Zerubbabel and Eshai, and the elders of the house of Israel, said to them, We will build the house of our God, and you shall not hinder us: we will build ourselves for Yahweh, the God of Israel, as the king of Persia, the king of Cyrus, commanded us.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
On the seventh day you shall wash your clothes, and you shall be clean: and you shall go into the camp.
Jehoiada the priest took a reed, and put it in a reed of a reed on the side of the altar on the right side of the house of Yahweh: and the priest who kept the gate of the house of Yahweh put the money that was brought into the house of Yahweh into the reed.
My face is darkened by my tears. The shadow of death is in my eyes.
The priest shall offer the sin offering, and kill the man who is to be cleansed, and make atonement for his uncleanness, and kill the burnt offering.
For he who gives the sheep to my Father is better than all; and no one can take them out of the Father's hand.
It happened in those days, when the house of God was in Shiloh, that Dan's men took for themselves the engravings of Micah which he had made.
A day goes out to his father, And to those who are redeemed.
Jerusalem, Jerusalem, you have killed the prophets, and stoned the messengers who were sent to you, whom God had sent to you. I want to gather your children together, as a woman gathers her children together, but you don't.
Some of the Sadducees, who didn't believe, came to him, living as he was.
Yahweh said to Moses, Declare all the heads of fathers' houses of the people before Yahweh at noonday, that the wrath of Yahweh may be poured out on Israel.
But they rebelled against the angel of Yahweh, and defied his word, and blasphemed his prophets, until Yahweh's wrath was kindled against his people, and there was no remedy.
and those who were numbered of them, by their families, by their fathers' houses, were twenty-six thousand six hundred thirty.
The man said to him, What commandment? Jesus answered him, Kill no one, don't commit adultery, don't steal, don't be false witnesses,
Jesus answered them, Haven't I chosen twelve of you? There was also a devil among you.
For it is better for one to die for the righteous, Than for the good.
I will open my mouth and speak parables. I will speak ancient parables,
Bring to me your father, and all your household; and I will give you the good things of the land of Egypt; and you shall eat the little fish of the sea in the land.
Moreover they made strangers to inquire, from small to great, and their eyes were dim, and they didn't see; and they sought, and didn't find.
Jacob said to him, My lord knows that if a child is born prematurely, and a ram is born prematurely, and is driven away for a day, all the flock will die.
You labor in vain, because your land has not yielded its fruit, Neither has the tree of your land yielded its fruit.
Rejoice with him, you who love Jerusalem; rejoice with him, you who mourn for it; rejoice with him, you who mourn for it;
The elders of the congregation shall lay their hands on the head of the bull before Yahweh; and they shall kill the bull before Yahweh.
The nations shall be blessed, says Yahweh of Armies; for your land shall be a pleasant land.
It happened in the years of Jehoiakim, that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came up: and Jehoiakim served him three years, and rebelled against him.
and the children of the strangers who live as foreigners among you, and the children of those who live as foreigners with you, and the children of those who bore them in your land, you may buy from them, and they shall be your inheritance.
He commanded us to preach the Good News to all men, that he might be judge of both the living and the dead.
and all the house of Joseph, and his brothers, and the houses of his father, and their little ones, and their flocks and their herds, were left in the land of Goshen.
You don't know him, but I know him. If I say that I don't know him, I am a liar. I know him, and have kept his word.
As we have grown in your love, let the Lord increase the love of your neighbor and the love of all men day and night.
When he had made peace, he called his disciples, and rebuked them. When he had reconciled with them, he went out into Macedonia.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David: and Joram his son reigned in his place.
Yahweh was angry with Israel, and sold them into the hand of the Philistines, and into the hand of the children of Ammon.
The wages of a laborer are cut off, And the wages of a handmaid are cut off.
They kill widows and foreigners, And kill fatherless.
Joab the son of Zeruiah, and the servants of David, came out, and struck the pool at Gibeon: and they sat down, one on this side, and another on that side.
They poured out gold out of the ground, and weighed silver with their ear, and weighed silver for a signet, and they fell down, and worshiped it.
He enjoins all men, both small and great, rich and poor, free and servile, to keep them safe in the right hand and in the left.
Then his disciples said to him, Teacher, come and eat.
They took Aaron's garments, and clothed Eleazar his son: and Aaron died there, and returned to his father's house.
The voice said to him the second time, Don't defile the thing which God has cleansed him.
For with my groaning I eat food. I cry out like a flood.
The angel will cast him into a deep pit, and shut him up, and will shut him up with a whirlwind, that he may not return to the nations, until a thousand years are fulfilled; and after this he will surely be released for a while.
Take away your heart, and don't take away your clothes. Return to Yahweh your God, for he is gentle, merciful, not angry, full of goodness, and has repented of his evil.
Yahweh said, I have sown a vineyard. There is none like me among all the people. I have sown it in my anger. I have sown it in my wrath. Their blood has poured out on my garments. I have made all my garments unclean.
Turn your yoke, and come near to me.
But the firstborn shall be the son of the wife whom you hate, and shall divide the inheritance between them; for the firstborn is the beginning of his strength, and the firstborn is his name.
You shall not bond yourself with any animal; neither shall a woman stand before any animal; it is a holy thing.
For heaven and earth, and the earth, and the mighty things, can't break the love of God which is in Christ Jesus our Lord.
A good head is better than a bad one. The strength of the heart is greater than pride.
Balak did according to the word of Balaam: and Balak and Balaam offered up a bull and a ram on every altar.
The children of Israel did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and Yahweh made Eglon king of Moab strong against Israel; for they did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh.
the tabernacle, its tent, its cords, its hooks, its snuffers, its pillars, its sockets,
The Lamb went on his way, and took the scroll out of the right hand of him who was sitting on the throne.
saying, You, Christ, are a prophet. Now tell us, Who struck you?
Yahweh said to Moses, I will bring another evil on Pharaoh and Egypt, and he will let you go out of the land. When he let you go out of the land, he will drive you out from there.
Then I burned with fire your oxen which you swore to give, even your calf which you swore to give; and I made them ruddy and fine, and fine as dust; and I put the dust on the brook that flows down from the mountain.
As I desire, let him have a good cup, and let him bring me food to eat, that I may bless you before my death.
My son, offer my heart to you, And your eyes shall love my way;
Don't you, brothers, speak evil among yourselves. He who speaks evil of his brother or of his sister, he who speaks evil of the law, he who speaks evil of the law, he who speaks evil of the law. If you speak evil of the law, you are not a lawgiver, but a lawgiver.
They said to him, We see that this man despises our people, and he is a debtor to him, and he is a thousand times as the Christ, and he is king.
He reigned forty-one years in Jerusalem: and his name was Maacah the daughter of Absalom.
These are the words of Jeremiah the son of Hilkiah, the priest of Anathoth in Benjamin:
David ran, and fled to Ramah, and came to Samuel, and told him all that Saul had done to him: and he and Samuel went to Naioth.
Many of his friends will perish in their own time. One close relative will be nearer than a brother.
Don't the men of iniquity know? They devour my people as they eat bread. They don't call on God.
David sent messengers to the men of Jabesh Gilead, saying, Blessed be you by Yahweh; for you have dealt graciously with Saul your lord, and have buried him.
He blessed Abram, saying, Blessed be Abram, Lord of heaven and earth.
Their eyes are only on the prostitution. They have sinned without cause. They have a rebellious heart. They are greedy for gain. They ought to be cursed.
Therefore we know that God loves us. God is love, and he who loves his life lives in God's presence.
Will you set the four corners of the earth in order, that the wicked may go out?
When Jesus had finished praying, he stood up, and came to the disciples, and saw them sleeping because of their sorrow.
The watchman said, As Ahimaaz the son of Zadok flees before me, so he flees. The king said, He is a good man, and he has come for a good time.
All the acts of Asa which he did, from the beginning even to the end, were written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah and Israel.
In that day, says Yahweh, will I not cut off the wise from Edom, And the wise from Mount Esau?
In the day of my trouble, I sought the Lord. In the night, I lifted up my hands, and didn't pray. My heart would not be comforted.
Yahweh has repaid me according to my righteousness, And according to the purification of my hands has he repaid me.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Joshua called at that time the Reubenites and the Gadites, and the half-tribe of Manasseh,
He sanctified the Levites in Yahweh, and taught the children of Israel, saying, Put the holy ark in the house which Solomon the son of David king of Israel has built, and don't shine on your shoulders: now therefore serve Yahweh your God, and his people Israel.
One said to another, I have bought a field, and I must go and see it. Let it be known to you.'
I will stretch out my hand on Judah and on all the inhabitants of Jerusalem; and I will cut off from this place the remnant of Baal, and the name of Kamal, and the priests.
So your light shall go forth as the morning light, and your wound shall be healed; and your righteousness shall walk before you; and the glory of Yahweh shall be a shield after you.
Your sons and your daughters shall tremble in the wilderness forty years, and shall bear the iniquity of your prostitution until the destruction of your dead bodies in the wilderness.
I am the light of the world, when I am in the world.
The work of the wicked endures forever. Your judgments are in vain. He despises all his enemies.
This is not to say that we have our own possessions, but our possessions are of God.
The six hundred men of the Danites were in the armory, and stood at the door.
But there are some of the Jews who came out of Asia, who, if they wanted to kill me, should kill me before you.
For the children of Israel and the Levites shall bring their sacrifices, their new wine and their fat, to the chambers of the sanctuaries, the chambers of the priests, the porters, and the singers: so shall we not forsake the house of our God.
The five men who saw it went in, and took the engraved images, and the images of the ephod, and the images of the house, and the images of the altar: and the ephod and the six hundred men who were with him stood at the door.
Thus says Yahweh: Am I a God near, and not far off?
Josiah was eight years old when he began to reign; and he reigned thirty-one years in Jerusalem.
My love, your lips are like the honey of a cave, And your tongue will be filled with honey. The fragrance of your garments will be like the fragrance of Lebanon.
You shall give the fifth part to Pharaoh at the harvest, and the fourth part to you, for a seed of the field, and for food for you, and for the men of your houses, and for your little ones.
There was a man of Judah, Mordecai by name, the son of Jail, the son of Shimei, the son of Chesh, of Benjamin.
The sword shall come on Egypt; and the Ethiopians shall be afflicted when the slain of Egypt fall; and they shall take all his people, and break down his foundations.
Let your wrath be poured out on nations that don't know you, And on nations that don't call on your name.
King Solomon appointed servants out of all Israel, and they were three hundred thousand servants.
If from the counsel of the elders there are not two or three witnesses, they shall not be witnesses.
The deep says, It isn't with me. The sea says, It isn't with me.'
The fish of the river shall die, and the waters of the river shall be boiled up; and the Egyptians shall abhor the waters of the river.
The Lord commanded, and the good news of the woman prospered.
Aaron shall put his right hand on the head of the living goat, and shall declare on him all the evil of the children of Israel, and their disobedience, and all their iniquities, on the head of the living goat; and they shall send them into the wilderness.
Isaac lived in Rameses, when he had come from the way of Pharaoh Jehoiah.
The priest's heart was glad, and he took the priest's ephod, and the idols of the house, and the images of the engraved images, and went among the people.
Pharaoh awoke from his sleep, and he knew that he was dreaming.
Thomas also, whose name is Titus, is one of the twelve. When Jesus came, he didn't stay there.
The word of Yahweh tested him until he had fulfilled his promise.
Then Ezra the priest arose, and said to them, You have sinned: you have taken foreign wives, and have multiplied the sins of the children of Israel.
But the children of Israel trembled and prayed, thinking that they might be justified by the law, and not by God.
There was no end to all the work of Joseph's hand: for Yahweh was with Joseph, and he prospered in all that he did.
Now I tell you, brothers, concerning David the prophet, he is dead and buried, and his tomb is with us to this day.
Six days shall work be done; but the seventh day shall be a great day of rest, a holy day to Yahweh. He who works on the Sabbath day shall surely be put to death.
He shall kill the ram of the trespass offering, and the priest shall take a little of the blood of the trespass offering, and put it on the tip of the right ear of him who is to be cleansed, and on the thumb of his right hand, and on the big toe of his right foot.
I, Jesus, have sent my angel to these assemblies, to show you these things: I am the root of David, and the seed of his seed, the light of a glowing star.
Therefore whoever denies me in the sight of man, I will deny him in the sight of my Father.
Jehoshaphat said, Isn't there here a prophet of Yahweh, that we should inquire of Yahweh by him? The servant of the king of Israel answered, Here is Elisha the son of Shaphan, who has poured out the waters of Elijah's hand.
When Abner had come again to Hebron, Joab brought him to the gate of the city, pretending to speak to him; and he snared him there, and he died for Asahel his brother's sake.
Be strong and of good courage, for you will give this people the land for an inheritance, which I swore to their fathers to give them.
But Yahweh delights in him, and makes him afflicted; and his life shall be a sin offering, and he shall see his seed; and he shall increase his days; and the things which Yahweh delights in his hand shall prosper.
Moses listened to the commandment, and took a rod before Yahweh.
The woman took Joseph's garments, and put them on him, until his lord came.
His lord said to him, Well done, good and faithful servant. I will set you over many things, though you are little. Come in, and rejoice with me.'
They said to Baruch, Tell us now, With what do you write all the words that he has spoken?
They called to the king's scribe, and said, Peace be to the king Darius.
Wherever the wind is going, wherever it is going, there will be a voice to you, and you will not know where it is coming from, but where it is going. So is everyone who comes out of the Holy Spirit.
He traveled from Rameses, and passed through Bethel, and came to the place where they stayed between Bethel and Ai.
and you will send to you the vessels of his house, and you shall drink them, you, and your princes, and your stewards with you: and you shall praise the gods of silver, and of gold, and of brass, and of wood, and of stone, which you shall not see, nor hear, nor know: but you shall not glorify the God of your righteousness, who shall rule over your mouth.
Therefore hear, you afflicted and sinned, who didn't sin, because of this.
From now on, let no one despise me, for my flesh bears his wounds, and I am his servant.
If you will keep all the commandments which I command you this day, and will walk in them, and love Yahweh your God, and walk in his ways continually, then you shall make three cities besides this one, and three cities for your house.
It happened in that day, that Achish gave him Ziklag: therefore Ziklag was king over Judah to this day.
The kings of the earth, and the rulers, and the captains of the army, and the rich, and the mighty, and all the servants and the free, and all the officers of the earth, went up to the top of the hill and to the top of the hill.
My eyes shall not preserve you, neither will I afflict you; but I will repay you according to your doings; and your abominations shall be in the midst of you. You shall know that I am Yahweh.
His lord came and said to Pharaoh's daughter, Is it good that I come into the midst of the Hebrew women, and call a nurse, and gird you this child?
I saw, and behold, the cherubim on their heads, and the skies, were like precious stones, like the appearance of a throne.
Let them be as the snares of water. Let their arrows be broken when they are about to be cut off.
My soul trembles in me. When I sit still, the fire comes up, and I speak with it.
They appointed them elders in every assembly, fasted, and prayed, and delivered them up to the Lord of their faith.
No one who calls on my Lord, the Lord, will enter into the Kingdom of Heaven; but whoever believes in my Father, he will enter into it.
Thus says Yahweh to me, Go, stand at the gates of all the people, from which the kings of Judah go in and go out; and you shall stand at the gates of Jerusalem:
He brought silver and gold from Tarshish, and silver and gold from Uriah; all of them made of reeds, and of the hands of silversmiths; and blue and purple was for the garments; all of them marvels.
Now we have heard from the Son of God, and will proclaim this to you: God is light, and there is no darkness in him.
Hear with your ears the words of the wise. Receive my knowledge with all your heart.
Let them say to me, Woe to you, O man! For shame and destruction!
Those who desire to walk in Christ Jesus will be persecuted,
David took his horsemen, one thousand seven hundred, and two hundred footmen: and David cut off the chariots from his feet, but left him a hundred chariots.
The children of Israel said to Moses, Behold, we are dead, and we are destroyed, and we are destroyed.
Zedekiah the king sent Pashhur the son of Malchijah, and Zephaniah the son of Maaseiah the priest, to Jeremiah, saying,
It happened after this, that David struck the Philistines, and subdued them; and he took Gad and his incense out of the hand of the Philistines.
Thus says he, not because he cares for the poor, but because he is a thief, and because he keeps stealing his rule.
The children of Israel and the children of Judah arose, and cried, and pursued after the Philistines to the gates of Kahun and Ekron: and the Philistines who suffered wounds fell in the way of Shalaim to Gath and Ekron.
He also sealed us for a sign, and gave us the Holy Spirit for a bond in our hearts.
Ezra the scribe stood on the pillar of wood that they had prepared for this thing: and Mattaniah, Shemaiah, Ananiah, Uriah, Hilkiah, and Maaseiah stood on the right hand of him; and Petaiah, Mishael, Malchijah, Hashim, Hashtabanah, Zechariah, and Meshullam stood on the left hand of him.
He lay down on his bed, and slept until he slept, in the dream, and in the vision of the night;
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
You shall make shields of faith at all times, that you may destroy the fire of evil birds.
When I speak to you in the darkness, speak you out of the light. When I speak to you in the ear, prophesy out of the house.
When I sing to you, My lips will lift up their voice with joy, My soul with which you have redeemed me.
If there be a dispute among you, let it be divided. Let it be forgiven one another. As the Lord has forgiven you, so you also have forgiven one another.
The joy of a trumpet is gone, and the joy of a feast is gone, and the joy of a harp is gone.
I have made your gates of rubies, and the gates of your gates of rubies, and the border of your borders of rubies round about.
and for the sons of Aaron, the priests who lived outside of their cities, and for the names of the men who were written in every city, to divide the portion of them for the priests' males, and for all the Levites who were written in their fathers' houses.
You shall do as we commanded you, and shall be a living creature of peace, and shall be able to live in your own way as you work, and shall be able to live in your own way;
In the day of our king's banquet, the princes were sick because of the king's banquet. He held his peace with the sluggards.
They multiplied their power, and came every man to Zion to meet God.
He who kills hates the upright, But he who is upright preserves his life.
Therefore my harp is turned into mourning noise, My snorting into weeping.
The apostles and the believers who lived in Judea heard that the Gentiles also received the word of God.
Samuel anointed him with the oil of his horn, and anointed him among his brothers. The Spirit of Yahweh came greatly on David that day. Samuel departed, and returned to Ramah.
If you listen to the voice of Yahweh your God, and observe the commandments of this law, and turn your heart and your soul to Yahweh your God,
But our God did all that he desired in heaven and in earth.
It happened in the days of Josiah, that Baron Ekron king of Egypt went up against the king of Assyria by the river Euphrates: and Josiah went up against him: and when the king of Egypt found Josiah in Megdoon, he killed him.
Yahweh, you are my lamp. Yahweh will shine in my darkness.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Our fathers would not listen to him, but rejected him, that he might return into Egypt.
Now therefore, O king, accept my affliction with joy, and turn away your iniquities with righteousness, and put away your transgressions with compassion for the poor; that your peace may be extended.
and cut off the horns of its young lions, and brought them into the rams' dens, and put them in the cities of the horsemen.
It happened in the first year of king Cyrus, that Cyrus the king issued a decree concerning the house of God which is in Jerusalem, saying, Build the house, that it may be a place for the sacrifice, and that the foundations of it may be established: the height of it shall be sixty cubits, and the breadth sixty cubits;
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: If a prince gives his inheritance to one of his sons, it is his inheritance, and passes it on to his sons, they shall inherit it.
The Kingdom of Heaven was like a parable: ten virgins went out with lamps to meet the bridegroom.
Thus will I break down the walls of your blood, and will break them to the floor, so that the walls shall fall, and you shall perish therein; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Isaac was born eight days old. Abraham circumcised his son according to the commandment of God.
He gave the one thousand pieces of silver to his mother; and she said to him, I have given the money out of my hand to Yahweh for my son, that I may write a song, and sing a song; and I will continue to deliver it to you.
or the image of a bird in the sky, or the image of a creeping thing on the earth, or the image of a fish in the waters of the earth.
But of the tribe of Levi you shall not number; neither shall you number their portions among the children of Israel.
As it is written, God has hid their spirit from sight, and their ears from hearing, to this day.
Hear me, house of Jacob, All you who are left of the house of Israel: From birth you have brought me in, From the womb you have brought me in.
Son of man, set your face toward the mountains of Israel, and prophesy against them;
The woman is grieved when she bears a child, because her period is past. When the child is born, she forgets the pain of the child, because she rejoices that the child is born in the world.
All the people will hear, and fear. They will walk no more steadfastly.
The seven angels who were numbered of them came to me, one of them, saying, Come, and I will show you the great prostitution, which is built in the great city, which is to be judged by the river.
But as for the Jews, I believed in Caesar, but I didn't seek my own people.
Show me mercy, Yahweh. Make me strong again, that I may repay them.
The princes put it in the chamber of Elishama the scribe, and went in to the king into the court, and told all these words to the king.
Pharaoh said, Tomorrow. Moses said, Let it be according to your word, that you may know that there is none like Yahweh our God.
But the king of the children of Ammon would not listen to the voice of Jephthah, who sent to him.
He entered into Jerusalem, and entered into the temple, and looked around, and saw a sign. When it was evening, he went out with the twelve, and came to Bethany.
Jotham slept with his fathers, and was buried in the city of David: and Ahaz his son reigned in his place.
It happened at the threshing floor of Kidron, that Uzzah stretched out his hand over the ark, because the ox fell.
All our enemies have opened their mouths to us.
Blessed is he who cares for the poor. Yahweh will deliver him in the day of trouble.
In midst of you will be revealed the nakedness of your father; And in midst of you will be profaned the uncleanness of the month.
Whoever lives to believe in me will never die. Do you believe?
So the children of Israel prayed, and said, You are Yahweh, but you are Yahweh: you have made heaven and the heaven of heavens, and all the army of the heavens; the earth and all the things that are on the earth, the sea and all the things that are in it; and the army of the heavens worshiped you.
and they sacrificed to the graves of it, and burned incense to the graves of it, because they had obtained from them fat and beautiful portions, and goodly food.
But you, brothers, are not in darkness. That day will not come to you like a thief.
He hears in the field things which he can't speak, things which a man can't speak.
But if they refuse to listen, and every man departs from his evil way, I will bring their evil on them, for their wickedness which they have done.
But if you are of this world, the world will love you. But because you are not of this world, and I have chosen you out of the world, the world will hate you.
Don't be like them; for your need is known to the Father, before you ask.
God came to Balaam, and said to him, Who are these who are with you?
If the spirit of the dominion is against you, don't depart from your words, for the river doesn't allow great trespass.
He rebuked the sea, and dryed it, and made all the rivers dry; and Bashan and Carmel were destroyed, and the flower of Lebanon was destroyed.
You shall not go in to a drunken man with a drunken man.
So the king of Israel and the king of Judah and the king of Edom went on their way seven days: and the army and their livestock had no water to drink.
The bridegroom looked at him, and all the virgins slept.
Thus and thus says Yahweh: Who will entice Ahab, that he should go up to Ramoth Gilead, and die there?
The children of Gershon were numbered by their families and by their fathers' houses.
He who saves and mocks a man brings shame on himself. He who rebukes the wicked brings shame on himself.
Remember how you sowed me as the dust. Did you cause me to be thrown into the mire?
The Spirit entered into me, and made me stand. He spoke with me, and said to me, Go, shut yourself up in your house.
The children of Israel did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, and didn't remember Yahweh their God, to serve the Baals and the Ashtaroth.
For they were so many that they could not come near him, that they tore a piece of the wall that was over him, and threw down the stumbling block.
and from the rulers of the Good News, because you will receive them, and they will be rejected; therefore they are God's enemies; and from the rulers of the judgment, because God has proclaimed to their fathers the promise; therefore they are God's beloved.
As for the earth, it goes forth from it. Its surface is like a burning fiery furnace.
Though sin is sweet in his mouth, Though it is hidden in his tongue;
All the nations shall say, Yahweh is king. The world shall be established, and shall not shake. He will judge all the peoples according to justice.
I will make Judah my bow, and Ephraim my anchor on the bow: and I will raise up your people against the people of Javan, and will make you like the sword of a mighty man, Zion.
You shall command our own men to learn good things, that they may help those who need them, that they not lose fruit.
If you will keep all the commandments which I command you, and do them, and love Yahweh your God, and walk in all his ways, and keep his ordinances;
one male goat for a sin offering;
Yahweh, you will bless the righteous. You will hang him up with kindness like a shield.
Of the tribe of Zebulun twelve thousand, Of the tribe of Joseph twelve thousand, Of the tribe of Benjamin twelve thousand.
We had sailed many days, and our ships were very heavy because of the fasting. Then Paul hid himself.
They ate Jezebel in the field of Jezreel, and no one buried her.' The young men opened the gate, and fled.
You shall number for yourselves seven and seven days; and you shall number from the time of your first harvest with the thorns, and seven and seven days shall you number.
He said, Yahweh has sworn. Yahweh will fight with Amalek continually.
Have any said to God, I have been rebuked, and have not sinned?
The wall of the city was made of acacia wood. The city itself was made of pure gold, like fine twined linen.
There shall be habitation in it, and there shall be no curse any more; and Jerusalem shall be in peace.
When Jesus heard that John was taken into custody, he fled into Galilee.
This shall be a statute forever, and he who sends a man away to laundering shall wash his clothes; and whoever touches the laundering shall be unclean until the evening.
This is the appointed day of Yahweh. Let us rejoice and be glad in this day.
So Judah went, and Yahweh delivered the Canaanites and the Perizzites into their hand.
He said to another, Follow me! He said, Lord, let me go and bury my father.
I have sinned. Why am I laboring in vain?
You shall obey Yahweh your God, and fear him, and keep his commandments, and hear his words, and serve him, and be in peace with him.
Behold, Zion, the city of our feasts! Your eyes shall see Jerusalem as a quiet house, and as a tent of unleavened bread: its bars shall not go forth, nor its cords be broken.
saying, If Esau comes against this great one, then the other great one shall flee.
There you shall remember your ways and your doings, which you have profaned from them, and shall abhor yourselves for all your wickedness which you have done.
When you offer this to Yahweh for your life's sake, don't let the rich go out of it, neither let the poor go out of it, and everyone out of his good cup.
He built an altar there, and called his name Eliel Hohe, and Israel.
Saul's servants rebuked him, saying, So, so, says David.
For I am with you to deliver you, and to utterly destroy the nations from which I have driven you; but to utterly destroy you will I rebuke you, says Yahweh; and I will utterly destroy you, says Yahweh.
They desire to be high in the feasts, And high in the synagogues;
So the people went out to take the camp of the Syrians: and the fine flour was one shekel, and the barley one shekel, according to the word of Yahweh, both of them.
For the house of Israel and the house of Judah play the prostitute against me, says Yahweh.
Cursed be he who sits with him in the chamber. All the people shall say, Amen.
When you have fulfilled all these days, stand on your right hand, and bear the iniquity of the house of Judah; and I will give you forty days, day and year.
Brothers, concerning the Lord's coming and his coming, I will not write in a book.
The inhabitants of the city shall come to the city, and shall say, Let us hurry, and seek the favor of Yahweh, and seek Yahweh of Armies; and if it be me, I will also go.
He makes you humble, and makes you hungry. He feeds you with the manna that you didn't know, with which your fathers didn't know, that you may know that man doesn't live by bread alone, but by all the words of Yahweh's mouth.
Call thus, and I will answer; Or tell me, Answer me.
He has a cloud over the sky. He has prepared the waters for the earth. He has made the mountains swell.
Solomon answered him according to all that he asked him, and there was nothing that Solomon didn't know to tell him.
By the help of the Holy Spirit, you also are made a dwelling place for God.
Thus shall you do, as you have done this day, says Yahweh, to make atonement for you.
For I know that he who redeems me is the living God. He will stand on the ground in the daytime.
But you shall preserve their life for yourselves, even for the young women who are with the men.
Be careful, for you don't know what day is coming to your Lord.
For all hidden things will be revealed. All secret things will be revealed.
The border shall go up from Abbin to the brook of Egypt, and shall go up to the sea.
It happened, when he saw it, that he baked bread on the flame, and a pitcher of water was on his head; and he ate and drank, and fell down afterward.
Sing, you who don't have a son. Sing, you who don't have a son. Sing, you who don't have a son. Sing, you who don't have a son. For a woman who is a widow is a son more than a husband, says Yahweh.
Go up into the mountain, and cut down logs, and build this house; and I will rejoice in it, and be glorified, says Yahweh.
You shall not take it for money, neither shall you take it for bread.
Jeroboam said in his heart, Now will this kingdom be over the house of David.
I have not taken the oxen from your herd, Nor the goats from your flock.
For you don't remember Yahweh your salvation, Nor the rock of your strength: Therefore you know the fig tree of your heart, And the other trees that are therein.
A man comes and tells his master, Don't you plant a good seed in your garden, my brother? Where are the vines?'
When he came to a place of refuge in the morning, a multitude came to him, and when they found him, they left him, saying, Don't let him go from them.
Sing to Yahweh, praise his name! Declare his salvation day and night!
His forest and the glory of his fruitful land have consumed him from the soul even to the flesh; and the world is become as a man who is sick, and perishes.
The king's counsellors, who carried the king's letters, and his princes, went through the land of Israel and Judah, according to the king's commandment, and said, Return again to Yahweh, the God of Israel, you children of Israel; and he will return to the remnant of the kings of Assyria from under the hand of the kings of Assyria.
As a whirlwind passes by, As a whirlwind whirls down six streams.
Esther's counsel and her supplication came to him: and the king was grieved, and took off his clothes, and put them on Mordecai, and took off his robe; but he took it.
My purpose is to speak to you, and to tell you before the men who are with me, and before the elders of my people: if you will redeem it, redeem it; and if you will not redeem it, tell me; for you have no other to redeem it; and he answered, I will redeem it.
Every man had blue, purple, scarlet, linen, goats' hair, and skin on the skin of the sheep, and skin on the seals.
Yahweh did according to the word of Moses: and all the fawns of the field died in the house, and in the court.
So all Israel departed from David, and went after Sheba the son of Bichri: but all Judah stayed after his king from the Jordan to Jerusalem.
When the kings of Hadarezer saw that they were slain before Israel, they cooperated with Israel, and subdued them: and the Syrians would not help the children of Ammon any more.
David commanded to gather together the strangers who lived in the land of Israel, and to set apart the thorns of the rocks, to build the house of Yahweh.
Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and the rest of the people, escaped from the hand of Johanan, and fled to the children of Ammon.
One of the young men ran and told Moses, saying, Ildad and Barak prophesy in the camp.
There is a way that is right in your eyes, But there is a way that leads to death.
For he doesn't allow any to come to him concerning men's affairs, because he knows the hearts of men.
You shall not eat the blood of a bird, or of an animal, in all your dwellings.
David went and struck Moab, and put them on the ground; and he measured with the rod, and measured two lengths of cord, and put him to death; and he measured one length of cord, and lived. The Moabites turned to David, and glorified him.
Ask a sign from Yahweh your God, That he may ask him in the deep, and in the high places.
Turn us, Yahweh, to you, and we will turn again. Refresh our days, as in the days of old.
Run out of Jerusalem, men of Benjamin, and blow a trumpet in Tecumah, and let the smoke go out of Beth Hachimerem; for evil and great destruction are come down from the north.
Some of them will go as fast as a sword, And will go as fast as a sword, And will devour the afflicted of the earth, And the poor of the world.
Then the king will tell those who are on the other side, Depart from me, you cursed men, and enter into the eternal fire which the devil and his angels have prepared for you.
For we are not many who slander the word of God, but one faithful man, sent by God, who prophesies in Christ.
We will cut down trees from Lebanon, as you desire, and put them in baskets in the sea, and will bring them to Joppa; and you shall bring them to Jerusalem.
Daniel said, Behold, I have seen visions in the night; and behold, the four winds of the sky are whirling, and they are blowing on the great sea.
A snare is not right for a fugitive, Nor a fugitive for a fugitive.
He broke down his yoke like a flower, And destroyed the place of his assembly. The appointed feasts and the Sabbaths are forgotten in Zion. Yahweh has made it so, And has defied kings and priests in his wrath.
Then he looked at those who sat around him, and said, These are my mother and my brothers.
Yahweh was angry with Aaron, to destroy him; and I also prayed for Aaron that same hour.
For this reason, I have set my heart on you, that you may be blessed in yourselves.
They didn't understand the saying, for they had hidden it from them, so that they couldn't understand it. They didn't ask him any more questions about the saying.
It happened on the third day after the children of Israel had come forth out of the land of Egypt, in the second month, that they came into the wilderness of Sinai.
Remember what happened to his wife.
So Nathan went and told David according to these words and according to these consolations.
For everyone of you has the right to proclaim the word of God, to learn and to teach one another.
They shall teach Jacob your law, and Israel your law: and they shall put incense before you, and all these burnt offerings on your altar.
and they followed the children of Israel into the dungeon, and struck two men, the men who struck the man and the woman in the belly: so the plague ceased among the children of Israel.
The king gave to the king one hundred twenty talents of gold, and many spices, and precious stones; and no spices were given to the king, as did the king of Solomon give to Sheba.
Moses and Aaron went in, and said to Pharaoh, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Let my people go, that they may watch for me in the wilderness.
Every herd, and every flock, and every firstborn, and every work, you shall sanctify to Yahweh your God: the firstborn of any herd shall not work, nor the firstborn of any flock shall have no gate.
Therefore don't set your face against one another in a feast, or in a feast, or on a Sabbath, or on a Sabbath day.
You have killed many in this city, And filled the streets with dead bodies.
Tamar said to her, Don't do so; for you shall drive me out, and persecute me more than you did to me. But Amnon would not listen to him.
Judge your servants in heaven, and put the iniquity of the wicked on his head, and the righteousness of the righteous on his righteousness.
Thus says Yahweh to me: Can a man fall, and not rise up? Or can a man run, and not return?
He led them through the desert, and they didn't find them. He brought forth waters out of the rock, and the rock was broken, and waters came out. The wicked shall not be in peace, says Yahweh.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, You shall not go down to your bed again, but shall surely die.' He went.
Then Hanani the prophet came to Asa king of Judah, and said to him, Because you trust in the king of Syria, and don't trust in Yahweh your God, therefore the army of the king of Syria has escaped out of your hand.
Don't let him who is in trouble say, I am blasphemed by God; for God doesn't blaspheme, neither does he himself blaspheme.
Let one evil man rule over him, And one enemy stand on his right hand.
In the twelveth year of Joram the son of Ahab king of Israel began Ahaziah the son of Joram king of Judah to reign.
Asa did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh his God, and did it uprightly:
The wisdom of God is exceedingly deep, and the knowledge exceedingly abundant. His judgments are exceedingly broad, His ways exceedingly narrow.
Then arose Eliashib the high priest, and his brothers the priests, and built the sheep gate, and sanctified it, and set up the doors of it, to the tower of Hameath, and to the tower of Hananel, and sanctified them.
He made the hooks of the one thousand seven hundred seventy-five shekels of silver; and he overlaid them with the hooks, and made their hooks.
Take heed to David your servant, And don't forsake your anointed king.
I was alive before there was no law, until the commandment came down, and the waters arose, and I died.
The king and his men came to Jerusalem against the Jebusites who lived in the land: and they said to David, If you don't cut off the blind and the lame, you shall not enter into the land. They said, David shall not enter into the land.
From the first day even to the last day Ezra read the law of Yahweh every day: and all the people were baptized seven days, and to the eighth day a solemn assembly, according to the ordinance.
Behold, I am doing a new thing: don't you know it? I will open a way in the wilderness, and a river in the desert.
Turn my eyes from falsehood, That I may walk in your ways, and live.
These are those who are called by God to be witnesses of Jesus Christ.
For the Canaanite, and all the inhabitants of the land, heard it, and they surrounded us, and cut off our name from the surface of the earth. What would you do for your great name?
You will make a covenant, which you promised to David your servant, my father. You will speak with your mouth, and will declare it with your hands, as it is this day.
Know that Yahweh is God. We are his creation, and we are his. We are his people, and the sheep of his pasture.
When they had no water to drink, they gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron.
For the law is incompatibility, and it is impossible for God to do it; for God has made his own Son to be a reproach to us for sins, to judge sins by his flesh, and to put them away, for the sake of the soul who is to be saved from sins and death.
How long will you prophesy? Hold your peace, and we will tell you.
Arise, God, judge the world; For you shall possess all nations.
I will strike the Assyrians in my land, and tread them down on my mountain: and his yoke shall depart from my people, and his yoke shall depart from the shoulders of my people.
The demon, when he has departed from him, seeks a resting place in the uncleanness of the earth, but he doesn't find it.
The lord of the vineyards came to destroy the farmers, and to give the land to strangers. When they heard these words, they said, You shall not do so.
My son, hear the instruction of your father. Don't forsake your mother's teaching.
Jacob returned from Paddan Aram, and came in peace to Shechem, which is in the land of Canaan, and set his tent before it.
Menahem slept with his fathers; and Pekahiah his son reigned in his place.
Some of the scribes and Pharisees were watching, to see if he was sick on the Sabbath day, or if he was seeking a cure.
But I don't desire to see you doing this, because you are disputing the word and the understanding of your law.
After the death of Joash the son of Jehoahaz king of Israel, Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah lived fifteen years.
The tribes of Israel sent and told the tribes of Benjamin, saying, What evil thing has been done among you?
He said, Father, forgive them, for they don't know what they do. They took hold of him, and split his clothes.
My wife has abhorred my tent of meeting. My neighbors have abhorred my tent of meeting.
The children of Israel went out after their way out of the wilderness of Sinai, and the cloud remained in the wilderness of Paran.
Blessed are your men! Blessed are your servants! They stand before you always, to hear your wisdom.
But because of the wrath of Yahweh of Armies, which our fathers had shown, he delivered them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon into the Chaldeans; and the king tore the house, and carried the people to Babylon.
Behold, the days are come, behold, the evil is come forth, and the arrows are opened, and the pride is poured out.
You shall shout against him round about; he is fallen; his stronghold is fallen; the wall of his city is broken down; for it is a vengeance of Yahweh: you shall avenge him; as he has vengeance against man, so shall you vengeance against him.
King Josiah said to his servants, Let me go out; for I am wounded.
I will not go to do that which I love, but to do that which I don't desire.
I am Yahweh your God, who brought you out of the land of Egypt. Open your mouth, and I will satisfy you.
When Jesus had said this, he blew the trumpet to them, saying, Receive the Holy Spirit.
Saul and all the people who were with him gathered themselves together, and came to the battle; and behold, every man of the Philistines was slaughtered with the edge of the sword.
But he who is selfish seeks what he desires, And seeks all wisdom.
With all your heart, receive instruction, and listen to the voice of wisdom.
He taught them many things in parables. He said to them,
Let each one of you appoint his neighbor, and don't trust in his brother; for he is all a deceiver, and his neighbor is all a blasphemer.
I am a foreigner living as a foreigner on the earth. Don't hide your commandments from me.
The remnant of Yahweh will return. They will sing to Zion. They will be crowned with eternal joy. They will be glad and rejoice. Their sorrows will flee away.
The sixth angel took it, and threw it into the river Euphrates, and immediately the river dried up, and prepared it for the kings who came out of the east wind.
I will pray in the land with my eyes, And with my ears to hear.
Thus have I come to you in the sanctuary, To see your power and your glory.
When I had delivered the horse to Baruch the son of Neriah, I prayed to Yahweh, saying,
Yahweh, you have multiplied the people, and multiplied the kingdom. You have been glorified, and have extended this land to the ends of the earth.
Then Jesus said, Father, I thank you, Lord of heaven, for you have sealed up these things from the wisdom and understanding, and have revealed them to the little ones.
Jesus answered them, Because I said to you, Have you believed me, that I saw you under the fig tree? have you seen greater things than these?
David said to Jonathan, Tomorrow is the first day, and I want to sit with the king. Please let me hide myself in the field until the third day.
They sat with him on the ground seven days and seven nights, and spoke no word with him; for they saw that his affliction was great.
They set a feast, they set a watch, they eat, and they drink. Arise, you princes, and anoint your shields.
No one takes a new garment without iniquity, and if it is done so, it will be redeemed with a new garment, but it will be worse.
The king burned up the words which Baruch had written to Jeremiah: and the word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah, saying,
Don't hide your loving kindness from me, Yahweh. Keep me always in your loving kindness and in your truth.
My brothers have justified me as the brook, As the brook that flows through;
Why do they preach, if they are not sent? For as it is written, The footstool of those who preach the Good News is the footstool of beauty.
For the days of Yahweh are near to all the kingdoms of the earth; and as you have done, so shall you do; and on your head shall you do.
He spoke parables to them, saying, A man of a certain species went out to plant, and while he was growing, a dove was by the roadside, and it was fed to the people who passed by, and the birds of the sky fed them.
You are good, and your works are good. Teach me your statutes.
He set tents on the tabernacle, and covered them with the covering of the tent, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
Haven't the God of the ears of the ear heard? Haven't the God of the eyes of the Maker seen?
He took up the scroll, and restored the synagogues, and sat down. All the synagogues looked at him.
The Philistines stood on this mountain, and the children of Israel on that mountain; and there was a valley in the midst of it.
We have a younger sister. What shall we do for our younger sister, until they speak of the days of old?
He said to me, Son of man, come up to the house of Israel, and speak my word to them.
They brought me a ladle of silver. They gave him a ladle of silver.
He took the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and the treasures of the king's house, from there; and all the treasures of the house of Yahweh, which Solomon king of Israel had made, he broke down, according to the word of Yahweh:
You have separated my friends far from me. They have abhorred me. I am locked up, I can't go out.
and of the flesh, and of the bones, and of the flesh, and of the spices, and of the spices, and of the spices, and of the wine, and of the oil, and of the fine flour, and of the wheat, and of the ox, and of the sheep, and of the horse, and of the chariot, and of the servant, and of the spirit of the man.
It will happen in one day that they themselves will be freed from the wrath of destruction, to enjoy the honor of glory with the children of God.
Zedekiah the king swore to Jeremiah secretly, saying, The living God, the God of our life, I have sworn to him: I will not kill you, neither will I deliver you into the hand of those who seek your life.
Yahweh said to Moses, When will you not keep my commandment and my law?
The wilderness and the dry land shall rejoice. The desert shall rejoice, and be full of flowers.
When I was glorified in Pharaoh, and in his chariots and in his horsemen, the Egyptians knew that I was Yahweh.
I tell you, I will no more eat this bread in the Kingdom of God.
So the heavens ceased, as they did in the book. The mountains and the sand of the sea shook away from their place.
You shall make curtains of goats' hair for the tent of meeting, the twelfth part of it.
He looked down from his throne, And looked at all the people who were on the earth.
Your children shall return quickly. Those who destroy you and those who make you desolate shall go out from you.
For I said, Your loving kindness will be established forever. Your faithfulness will be established in heaven.
Yahweh said to Moses, Joshua the son of Nun has a holy spirit in him: bring him, and lay your hand on him.
All who rose up from Egypt twenty years old and upward couldn't see the land which I swore to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, because they didn't follow me with all their heart.
They said, Please set a king over us, who will judge our face. It was not pleasant for Samuel; and Samuel prayed to Yahweh.
The Spirit lifted me up, and brought me from the spirit of God into the captivity of the Chaldeans in the vision; and the vision which I saw went from me.
He ate bread in Levi's house. Many tax collectors and sinners ate bread with him, because many followed him.
so that he doesn't walk naked, but his belly is full of hunger.
Jephthah said to them, Behold, I am come with my people, and with the children of Ammon; but you haven't delivered me out of their hand.
I have prepared for the house of Yahweh ten thousand talents of gold, and one hundred thousand talents of silver, brass and iron, so that they can't be found, because of many; and I have prepared wood and stone, and you shall add to them.
Arise, go! This is not your resting place; for the earth has been destroyed, and its destruction is severe.
Jesus answered them, If God doesn't give you authority, you have no authority to punish me. Therefore, if you give me to someone else, his sin is greater.
He took two turtledoves, or two young pigeons, according to his strength: one for a sin offering, and one for a burnt offering.
When he had come to hear Paul's words, he looked at him, and saw that he had faith, that he might be healed.
though these three men were among them, says the Lord Yahweh: As I live, they shall not save their children, but themselves shall be delivered.
Yahweh said to me, Don't be afraid of her; for I have delivered her, and her people, and her land, into your hand: do to them as you did to Sihon king of the Amorites, who dwell in Heshbon.
After this he revealed himself again to the five hundred brothers: those who were dead have died, but those who were dead have lived.
If a priest buys a man, and he buys silver, that man shall eat the holy thing; and he who is born in his house shall eat his bread.
Wisdom therefore will lead you in the way of the righteous. It will give you a foothold in the way of the righteous.
It shall happen on the third day, that you shall go down quickly to the place where you hid yourself, and wait on the rock of the Red Sea.
The vow of the ruler's wife, and the vows of your wife, and the words of her covenant, shall be in her.
Let them judge the people from time to time, and let them come to you, that they may judge themselves; and you shall be less burdensome, and they shall bear with you.
It happened, when Apollos was about to go to Achaia, that the brothers of Ephesus commended him, and wrote letters to the disciples of Achaia to receive him; and when he had come there, great help was given to those who trusted in the grace of God,
Yahweh prepared a great herd against Jonah; and Jonah stayed in the herd three days and three nights.
For he loved your fathers, and chose their seed, and brought you forth out of Egypt with a mighty hand,
He commanded them, saying, You shall not bring a reed, but a rod; you shall not bring bread; you shall not bring money on the earth; you shall not put money on the waist;
Samson went down with his father and his mother to Timnah, and came to the vineyard of Timnah: and it was so, that a lion came and roared at him.
He said, Two men came in and prayed in the temple, one Pharisee, and one tax collector.
If a man's skin is reddish-white, or if a rash has spread on his skin, and is turned into a leprosy in his skin, then he shall be brought before Aaron the priest, or before one of his sons.
and said to him, Go, tell the young man, Jerusalem shall be inhabited, as the incense that is not in the wall; for there are many in the midst of it, both man and animal.
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
The burden of Edom, the Lord Yahweh, says the Lord Yahweh: We have heard from Yahweh news, and angels have sent to the nations, saying, Arise, let us rise up and fight with him.
When I saw him, I fell down at his feet with the dead; and he struck me with his right hand, and said, Don't be afraid, for I am the first and the last.
Jacob tore his clothes, and put sackcloth on his waist, and mourned for his son many days.
But the children of Manasseh were not able to drive out the people of the cities: and the Canaanites sought to dwell in the land.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
May the Lord of peace give you everlasting peace in all things. May the Lord be with you all.
Go to my father's house, and to my relatives, and take a wife for my son.'
What will I do when God is lifted up? What will I answer when he asks questions?
It happened, when the Lord saw it, that he took mercy on him, saying, Don't weep.
They said, We have taken up the field and the vineyard, and gathered silver for the king's sake.
It happened at evening, that he came with the twelve.
They went up to the mountain, and stayed there three days, until the men who pursued them returned; and the men who pursued them sought them, but they didn't find them.
It will happen from evening until morning, that the cloud will be lifted up, and in the morning they will go out; and in the day and in the night, that the cloud will be lifted up, and they will go out.
Then Naaman was angry, and wept, and said, I think that he will come out to me, and stand and cry to the name of Yahweh his God, and swing his hand in the midst of the calamity, and heal the leprosy.
Do you think that I come to peace on the earth? I tell you, but it isn't.
For though you are yet in a dreadful affliction, rejoice in this, even though you are yet in a dreadful affliction.
As it is written, For your sakes we have been a great slaughter all day long. We have become a prey to those who are about to be slain.
The righteous shall inherit the land of promise, And dwell therein forever.
Keep me from the snares of my snares, From the snares of the wicked.
You shall set the Levites before Aaron, and before his sons, and shall offer them for a wave offering to Yahweh.
Therefore the book of the battle of Yahweh says, Ahab Phik of Sodom, and the valleys of the Arnon;
Let him who rejoice be joined to him who mourns. Let him who mourns be joined to him who is grieved.
But he said, Why do we hide ourselves in the daytime?
God spoke to Noah and to his sons, saying,
Persecute the Midianites, And strike them with the sword;
I pledge to you, God, a sacrifice of peace offerings.
The elders of Gilead answered Jephthah, Yahweh is a witness among us, and we will do according to your word.
He has set his throne on high. He has laid the cloud on it.
They said to him, Where is Sarah your wife? He said, In the Tent.
But if your people Israel, because they have sinned against you, be slain before their enemies, and if they turn to you, and call on your name, and pray for you in this house;
Blessed are those who walk in their integrity, And obey the law of Yahweh.
Don't pity him in your sight, but take away the blood of innocence from Israel, that you may be blessed.
This is Judas, the son of Simon the Caledonian, who is one of twelve apostles, preparing to be crucified.
Moses went down to the people, and sanctified them, and they washed themselves.
For it is written, Abraham believed in God, and God called him righteous.
I will keep my loving kindness for him forever. My covenant with him shall not be changed.
They provoked him to anger with other gods, And provoked him to anger with afflictions.
If we are judged this day for this lame thing,
When you have perfected your obedience, we will punish those who don't obey.
Lest you make a covenant with the inhabitants of the land, and they play the prostitute after their gods, and sacrifice to their gods: and there shall be a call to you, and you shall eat his sacrifice;
As for you, house of Israel, thus says the Lord Yahweh: Go, every man to his idol, and he shall hear my words; he shall no more profane my holy name with a present or with an idol.
I will multiply the bread of Zion. I will give food to his poor, that he may eat.
Some of the princes of Asia were Paul's friends, and they sent to warn him that he should not enter into the country.
The priest shall put the little oil in his own hand.
The beast that I saw was like a lion; and his feet were like the feet of a hare, and his mouth like the mouth of a lion: and he gave to the beast his power, and his throne, and his mighty power.
Then said the captain of the guard to Jeremiah before he went, Go to Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, the son of Shaphan, that you may go to the cities of Judah, which the king of Babylon has set over them: and dwell with him among the people, or in the place which you have seen; and go. So the captain of the guard sent Jeremiah food and a present, and let him go.
The eagle doesn't see it, Neither does the eye of the young eagle see it.
The sailors of Gibeah and the satraps were in the midst of you as anchors; and all the ships that passed over the sea, and their iniquity, were in the midst of you.
and he resorted to the burnt offering, that it might be given to Yahweh according to the divisions of the families of the people, as it is written in the book of Moses; and so did the oxen.
He shall offer the one of his divisions, or the other of his young pigeons, according to his strength,
They are vanity to me, For they teach by men's statutes.
Moreover I have dealt with you, as I thought to deal with their behavior.
But if you love your neighbor as you love the law of the Kingdom of God, so shall you do.
For while we were yet rebellious against him, he gave his Son to die for us, that we might be reconciled to him. But now we are reconciled to him, and we will be saved more abundantly through the life of Christ.
Therefore his father said, He is grown. Go, inquire of him.
But when I saw Mordecai the Judah sitting at the gate of the king's house, I knew that it was an offense to me.
Joab told David the number of the people: and the men of Israel had one hundred ten thousand swords, and the men of Judah had forty-seven thousand swords.
Yahweh our God made a covenant with us in Horeb.
It happened, when Yahweh arose, and a great war broke out, that they went into the rock, into the dust, and fled from the idols of Yahweh, and from the glory of his majesty.
The infant who eats milk is dry on the tongue, And the child sucks bread, and no one gives it to him.
The children of Israel followed after the Philistines, and took their camp.
I am more understanding than the old man, For I have listened to your precepts.
Esau said, Please let me leave some of my men with you. Jacob said, No; for it is good for me to find favor in the sight of my lord.
So they pursued after them to the Jordan; and behold, all the clothing and vessels which the Syrians had cast away when they fled, the messengers returned to the king.
She stood before him, weeping, and having her eyes on Jesus' feet. She was seven times as tall as she was, and kissed his feet, and put on her sandals.
The poor man, having no strength to offer such a thing, chose a wood that could not be destroyed, and sought for it a skillful molten image, that could not be moved.
Those who are not steadfast in the teaching of Christ are without God. Those who are steadfast in the teaching will be with the Father and with the Son.
Jephthah vowed a vow to Yahweh, and said, If you deliver the children of Ammon into my hand,
Sing aloud to Yahweh, the whole earth.
What is your mother? A lioness, that leaps among the lions, And feeds his son among the young lions.
After it there is fire, and Yahweh isn't in it. After it there is a faint and a faint voice.
You shall know that I am in Israel; and you shall know that I am Yahweh your God, there is none else; and my people shall never be ashamed.
Why have you rejected me, Yahweh? Why do you hide your face from me?
Moreover I have fought against you in wrath, and in wrath, and in great wrath, with the outstretched arm, and with the mighty arm;
Jesus, perceiving that they sought to inquire of him, said to them, You said to me, You can't see me, neither can you see me, neither can you see me,' but you will see me again.' He asked, Are you coming to the door?
Save yourself now, and come down from the cross.
You servants, obey the masters of the earth in all things. Don't do things for pleasure, but do them with all your heart and with all your soul; for you are servants of God.
Seba and Zalmunna said, Stand up against us, for as man does, so is strength. So Gideon stood up against Seba and Zalmunna, and struck them in the neck, as in a month.
He said, What have you seen, Amoz? I said, A spring of grapes. Yahweh said to me, The end of my people Israel is come, and I will no more make an end of them.
Moses returned to Yahweh, and said, Lord, why have you dealt evil with this people? why have you sent me?
Amaziah said to Amoz, Go, you prophet; flee into the land of Judah, and eat there, and prophesy there.
He built there an altar to Yahweh, and called on the name of Yahweh; and he set up his tent there. Isaac's servants made there a well.
But Pharaoh afflicted them, and they grew weaker and weaker. So the king was troubled concerning the children of Israel.
These are the heads of fathers' houses of the Levites, who were very many in their generations, who lived in Jerusalem.
One thousand made the doors of it, and one thousand made the instruments of David to praise Yahweh.
He who boasts is a mighty man. He who lifts himself up is like a whirlwind.
Tell me, my soul desires. Where are you feeding the sheep? When will you allow them to lie down? Why should I be as one who lays his face on the flock of your companions?
But the bull, and its skin, and its flesh, and its lioness, they burned with fire outside the camp, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
I saw under the sun something that was not good, as if it had come out of the throne of the highest;
So I obeyed the commandment, and prophesied: and as I prophesied, a voice came out, and the earth was shaken; and the bones were broken, and every bone was put into its place.
Then the Midianites, and the Amalekites, and all the people of the east, gathered themselves together, and passed over the river, and encamped in the valley of Jezreel.
He causes the heavens to fall, and it comes down. Darkness is before his feet.
Do you say that you seek the words of a soothsayer? The words of the dreamer are like the wind.
the owl, the owl, the donkey, the owl,
Moses called Bezalel and Aholiab, and all the wise men in their hearts, whom Yahweh had given to their hearts to do the will of their hearts.
The men listened to his voice, and believed immediately his words, and said, It is done! Behold, your brother Ben Hadad! He said, Go, bring him up. Ben Hadad came out to the king, and the king made him a chariot.
The waters ceased, and ceased until the fourteenth day of the month, when the high places were revealed.
Every sin that is not without cause shall be abominable to you.
Moab shall be destroyed, and shall no more be a nation; for they are proud, and have rebelled against Yahweh.
They came to the nations to whom they came, and profaned my holy name: for they said to them, This is the people of Yahweh, who came out of his land.
Yahweh will cause the sound of his wailing to be heard; and he will show the hand of his wrath, and the wrath of his anger, and the flame of his devouring fire, and the thunder, and the great wind, and the whirlwind.
on the seventh day of the Sabbath you shall number fifty days; and you shall offer a new meal offering to Yahweh.
Then Yahweh was zealous for his land, And merciful to his people.
Yahweh will requite him according to the righteousness of every man and according to his faith; for Yahweh has delivered you this day into my hand; but I will not stretch out my hand against the anointed of Yahweh.
The words of Job were without knowledge. His words were without wisdom.
Those who come forth from you shall build a ruinous place; and you shall build a ruinous foundation: and you shall be called a broken wall, and a pleasant habitation in the streets of Shur.
For wisdom shall enter into your heart, And knowledge shall be a delight to your soul.
But in the twenty-three and thirtieth year of king Joash the priest was not able to restore the house to its former state.
Therefore I said, The Philistines shall come up against me to Gilgal; and I will offer no burnt offering, until I ask the favor of Yahweh.
and said to them, I have been one hundred twenty years old this day, and I will not go out or enter any more; and Yahweh said to me, You shall not pass over this Jordan.
Behold, he is taken away. Who can deny him? Who can ask him, and what do you do?
The number of those who died of the plague was twenty-four thousand.
Their brothers were mighty men of valor, one hundred twenty-eight; and Zabdiel the son of Hadgeorim was their ruler.
that for this secret thing they might pray to the God of heaven, that Daniel not perish, nor his companions, nor the rest of the wise men of Babylon.
For the king's business shall be reported to all the women, saying, The king of Ahasuerus shall bring Vashti the queen before the king; but she shall not come; so shall they deceive their husbands.
The king shall take the fat that covers the innards, and the fat that is on the innards, and the two kidneys, and the fat that is on them, even the fat that is on the right side of the innards, and the cover on the right side of the innards, and the fat that is on the innards.
dyed incense, purple, scarlet, incense, frankincense,
His servants the children of Israel, The children of Jacob,
Return, Yahweh, the God of Armies. Let your face shine, and we will be saved.
We lie in our shame, and our shame covers us; for from our youth even to this day we have sinned against our God, our fathers, and have not listened to the voice of Yahweh our God.
The burnt offering, and the fat of the peace offerings, and all the rest of the burnt offerings, were many. So the house of Yahweh was set in order.
Now your end is come, and I will bring my wrath on you, and will judge you according to your ways; and I will repay you according to all your abominations.
Remove the words of truth from my mouth, For I hope in your judgments.
All that was found in the land of Judah and in Jerusalem for the art of the smith, and for the idols of the house, and for the gods, and for all the abominations of the house, Josiah cut off the chains, to do the words of the law, which were found in the book of the law of Hilkiah the priest in the house of Yahweh.
The offering of the offering shall be of one lamb, one tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mixed with four tenth parts of a hin of oil, for a meal offering.
The priest shall examine him; and behold, if the skin of his body is white in the place where it is, and the hair of it is white in the place where it is white, and the skin of it is white in the place where it is white,
So all the people returned to their houses; and David returned to bless his house.
He also testified against them with many words, saying, Deliver yourselves from this generation of wickedness.
The king of Sodom said to Abram, Give me men, and all things will be yours.
Cursed is he who loves curses, curse on him. Blessed is he who doesn't love blessings, far from him.
They forsook the house of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, and went and served the Asherim and the idols; and the wrath of Yahweh came on Judah and on Jerusalem because of this sin.
He wrote letters in the name of Ahab, and sent them by the king's letter, and sent them to the princes of the city of Naboth, who were with him in the house of the elders.
They said, What shall I bring to Yahweh, the God who worships on the high places of the mountains? A burnt offering, or a yearling, to him?
Moses and Aaron said to all Israel, At evening you shall know that Yahweh is the one who brought you up out of the land of Egypt.
I saw in my snares the beautiful garments of Sinal, two hundred shekels of silver, and a house of gold, fifty shekels of gold: and I took them, and took them, and hid them under my tent on the ground, and put the silver in its place.
For if we believed that Jesus died and rose again, we believed that God would bring with him those who were dead through him.
You shall not eat anything sacrificed to idols, neither shall you eat flesh, blood, nor sexual immorality: it shall be well with you, if you don't break these commandments. Peace be to you.
The wise will walk in the way of life, And will depart from Sheol.
A sluggard perishes, But he who hears, and witnesses, no one can condemn him.
that we may escape out of the hand of our enemies,
The king said, Isn't this from Babylon, that I have built a palace of nations for my strength, and for the glory of my valor?
They cried as children in the street, and cried together, We have sounded the trumpet, and you haven't danced. We sing to you the praises of the Holy One, and you haven't wept.
Then will I do to you, and I will cause you to be afraid, and to be hungry, and to be afflicted, and to be broken in the eyes, and to be grieved in the heart; and you shall eat of it empty; for your enemies shall eat of it.
The firstborn among the children of Israel shall be two hundred seventy-three men, more than the Levites; and you shall redeem them.
The word of Yahweh came to me.
Then the trees of the forest shall sing a song before Yahweh, For he comes to judge the whole earth.
Who is there among you who has seen the glory that was before this house? Why do you see it now? Isn't it hidden from your eyes?
then you shall bring to Yahweh all the firstborn sons, and all the firstborn livestock; and they shall be Yahweh's.
So will the words of my mouth be; they shall not return to me empty; but they shall do that which I delight in, that the things which I send them shall prosper.
The grass will dry up, and the flower will die; for the breath of Yahweh will be on it. Yes, man is like the grass.
These are the kings who were in the hill country, and in the plain, and in the Arabah, and in the hill country, and in the wilderness, and in the land of the South: the Hittite, and the Amorite, and the Canaanite, and the Perizzite, and the Hivite, and the Jebusite:
You will also testify against them, and against the Gentiles, for my sake, and to bring witnesses against the governors and against the kings.
He will send out a greeting to the peoples who are far off, and will cry out for them to come from the ends of the earth. Behold, they are hurrying to come.
Then I rebuked the rulers with a great rebuke, and said to them, Why has the house of God been desolate? Then I gathered the Levites, and rebuked their servants.
Asa cried to Yahweh his God, and said, Yahweh, behold, there is none like you among the mighty and the weak: help us, Yahweh our God; for we trust in you, and have set your name against all the people: you are our God; don't let anyone despise you.
You shall eat of the fruit of your hands, and shall prosper, and shall prosper.
and he sat on a beautiful bed, and took a table before it, and poured out my perfumes on it, and put my ointment on it.
I said, I am not the Christ, but a prophet to him. You are my witnesses in this matter.
The king shall offer his burnt offering to Yahweh on the Sabbath day: six lambs without blemish, and a ram without blemish;
If a rich man brings into your synagogue in a goldsmith's cloak, and a poor man in a cloak,
He separated a multitude from a nation to a servant, and said to the servant, Go you before me, and make every man a prisoner.
The multitude said, What sign do you show us, that we may believe in you? What will you do?
They separated themselves from the multitude, and sailed to a secluded place.
Now therefore hurry, and tell his disciples, Jesus has risen from the dead, and he will go before you into Galilee, and there you will see him.' I have told you this.
Some of the Pharisees came to him, and asked him, Can a man take his wife?
The work of the wicked is rewarded with false wages, But the work of righteousness is rewarded with true rewards.
I will give you good counsel, that you may do what I have done to you.
Take heed to the tumult of the land, And to the wicked, And to the fearful and circumcised.
To him who gives thanks with a mighty hand and with an outstretched arm; For his loving kindness endures forever;
Their little ones shall be slain before their eyes, and their houses shall be taken away; and their wives shall be shamed.
Deliver me from my enemies, Yahweh. Let me run to you.
Come to me, and hear; for I have not spoken from the beginning in a secret place; but when it is done, there I am. Now the Lord Yahweh has sent me, and his Spirit.
A scoffer seeks wisdom, but doesn't find it; But one who discerns finds it.
You shall rejoice and be glad forever because of my creation; for I have created Jerusalem, that it may be rejoiced; and his people, that they may rejoice and be glad.
When one of his maids saw that Peter was sitting by himself, he sighed with his eyes, and said, This man also is with Jesus.
Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, in whose mercies he has shown no mercy, to raise us up from the dead, that we may have a new life,
When they saw me in the temple, I was baptized. There was no multitude, neither was there any confusion,
Yahweh speaks to you from the sky, From the midst of the fire, on the mountain.
If two men are struck, and one of the men's wives comes near to save his husband from the hand of the man who struck him, and the other takes the man's body in his hand;
Say you to us, Is it lawful for Caesar to be circumcised?
The priests didn't say, Where is Yahweh? For the law didn't know me, and the rulers rebelled against me, and the prophets prophesied against Baal, and did nothing of benefit.
It happened in the night, in the dream, that God came and said to Abimelech, You are a man who desires to die; for the woman whom you took is a woman.
David arose, and took a rod in his hand, and two stones of five cubits, and set them in the tops of the mountains, in the midst of the cave, in which the shepherds lived: and he took the cords of stone in his hand; and he went after the Philistine.
He said to the judges, Beware of your doings, for you judge not for men, but for Yahweh. When you judge, he will be with you.
For Solomon asked for it, and the Lord pleased with his words.
He who has no profit flees from man. His lips burn like fire.
Then the lord will come and tell you, Please give to this man,' and you will be disappointed, and will sit down on the top of the throne.
For they preach the word of the Lord from abroad, and receive nothing from the Gentiles.
Why do we hear them speaking according to the same prophecy which we all prophesy?
You will rejoice and be glad. Many will rejoice in his birth.
I have always remembered you. This is a sign to all of you; for you will be partakers of the grace of God, whether in the prison, or in the testimony of the Good News.
He arose, worshiped the angels, was humble, and dealt wisely with his own body, but the flesh was not worthy of a great sacrifice.
I will make man a little better than pure gold, And a little better than the gold of Ophir.
In the days of the calamity, when the sun will be darkened, and the moon will not shine,
The gods of this world make the heart of those who don't believe blind, and they can't see the light of the Good News, which testifies about the glory of Christ, the image of God.
Saul sent messengers to Jesse, saying, Send here to me David your son, the shepherd.
Rebekah took Esau her firstborn, and put him in the beautiful clothing of his house, and clothed Jacob, his younger son,
They gather wheat, and reap it. They labor for nothing. They will be ashamed of their land because of the wrath of Yahweh.
He shall be as a donkey, and his hand shall be against all, and his hand against all; and he shall stand before all his brothers.
But Peter and the twelve stood up, and lifted up their voices, and said to them, Know this, you Jews, and all you who dwell in Jerusalem, and listen diligently to me.
For the things which I was afraid of came on me, And the things which I was afraid of came on me.
Give thanks to the Lord of all things, For his loving kindness endures forever.
Let justice prevail, That God may know my integrity.
He put the head in the pan, and gave it to the young lady. The young lady took it, and gave it to her mother.
behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that all that is in your house, and all that your fathers have gathered to him, shall be taken away to Babylon; there shall be nothing left him, says Yahweh.
There was a dream of me and of him, and of the two cities that night; and there was no dream of our people.
The meal offering of the priest shall be fully burnt; it shall not be eaten.
To him who brought up the children of Israel out of Egypt; For his loving kindness endures forever:
Solomon went after Ashtaroth, the servant of the Sidonians, and after Milcah, the god of the afflicted of the children of Ammon.
Therefore my heart is like a trumpet for Moab, and my heart like a trumpet for the children of Gerhaal Sheath; for all their merchandise is no more.
Jesus said to her, Woman, your faith has healed you. Go in peace.
There was a gate toward the south; from the gate to the gate he measured toward the south one hundred cubits.
The singers gathered themselves together out of the plains of Jerusalem round about, and out of the villages of Neduthah;
I will strengthen the arm of the king of Babylon, and will deliver my sword into his hand; and I will break the arm of Pharaoh; and he shall cry out before him, as when a dead man cried.
The kings shall mourn, and the king's relatives shall be desolate, and the hands of the people shall tremble; and I will do to them according to their ways, and according to their judgments which they shall receive; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
Yahweh said to Moses, and to Aaron, and to Miriam, Three men are come out to the tent of meeting. They three men came out.
I will seek the sluggard, and I will bring him back; and the wounded, I will cover; and the sick, I will heal; but the fattened and the mighty, I will cut off, and I will punish them.
He passed through the region of Tyre and Tecumseh, and came to the king of Galilee.
Then he called together the priests and the Levites, and said to them, Go into the cities of Judah, and do nothing to all Israel, that the house of your God may be renewed year by year. Drive you by this matter. But the Levites didn't drive.
Then one man shall take a bull and two rams.
Thus says Jephthah, The children of Israel didn't take the land of Moab, nor the land of the children of Ammon.
He said, Lord, I have done all that you have commanded me, but there is still a void.'
Solomon set his heart to build a temple for the name of Yahweh, and a house for his people.
and his offering was a silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, and one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
All the animals, and all the creeping things, and all the birds, and all the things that were on the earth, went out of the ark according to their families.
But turn away from foolish divisions, from divisions of fathers' houses, and from the assembly of the law; for all these things are for nothing and for nothing.
They made kings, but not from me; and they made princes, but I didn't know: and they made idols of their silver and of their gold, so that they were cut off.
He bound their kings with iron, And their servants with iron;
Ben Hadad shall be for a memorial in the house of Yahweh in Helam, and in Tobiah, and in Jedaiah, and in Hian the son of Zephaniah (the same is Josiah),
Therefore I will mourn for the vine of Sibmah, and for the mourning of the Jezreelites; and I will chastise you with tears, Heshbon and Jerealeh; for the cry of your harvest and of your grain comes quickly.
Throw them into the midst of the furnace, and there they shall weep and gnash with their teeth.
Woe to you who are satisfied! For you are hungry! Woe to you who are stretched out! For you are weeping and weeping.
So the surface of the ground became like clay, And the appearance of everything like the appearance of a carpet.
So my anger is exalted, and I am comforted when my wrath is turned away from them; and when my wrath is turned away from them, they shall know that I, Yahweh, speak with zeal.
They sacrificed their sons and their daughters to the demons,
I have returned in the image of God, and have declared to those who have hope that I would preach the Good News of the Gentiles, that I should not turn aside from doing that which I have done, or that which I have done.
For many are disobedient, even those who speak deceitfully, even the circumcision.
This is the high priest which I have spoken, who sits on the right hand of the throne of God in heaven above.
Arise, go to Zerubbabel in Sidon, and dwell there: and behold, I have commanded a widow to feed you in the land.
The angel of Yahweh appeared to him in the midst of the burning of the wood: and when he saw the wood burning, behold, it was not burned with fire.
The word of Yahweh came to Zechariah the prophet, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo, in the twenty-first month, which is the twenty-first day of the month Seba, saying,
Therefore let's not feed one another with wickedness and deceit, but let's sacrifice unleavened bread of pure and truth for a sacrifice.
Jehoiada was old and full of days. He died, and was one hundred thirty years old when he died.
The greatness of the kingdom, and the dominion, and the dominion of the kingdoms, shall be given to the highest of the peoples; and his kingdom shall be an everlasting kingdom, and all who have dominion shall serve him.
They gird themselves like a thorn, They drink like water, But they will burn like rotten grass.
He said to him, Stretch out your hand. When he had stretched out his hand, he went out immediately as if he had stretched out another hand.
There were chambers toward the south in the wall of the court, and in the uttermost part of the gate, and in the uttermost part of the house.
He lived in the hill country of Ephraim, in Ramah, and in Bethel, under the oak of Debir: and all Israel went to him, and judged him.
Out of the tribe of Issachar, Zion with its suburbs, and Dabir with its suburbs,
The captain of the guard called Jeremiah, and said to him, Behold, Yahweh your God has spoken, to bring this evil on this place.
I made a covenant with you when you came forth out of Egypt. Don't be afraid, seeing my Spirit is among you.
He who doesn't give a freewill offering, but gives a freewill offering, is like a wind, and there is no rain.
their camels were four hundred thirty-five; and their donkeys were six thousand one hundred twenty.
The first living creature was like a lion, and the second like a young bull, and the third like a man, and so the third lived as an eagle.
They sacrificed on the mountain, and burned incense on the tops of the mountains, and under the oaks, and under the mighty oaks, and under the strong oaks; for their darkness was good: therefore your daughters have committed adultery, and your brides have committed adultery.
Jesus stood before the governor. The governor said to him, Are you the King of the Jews? He said to them, You say.
Smite, weep, and shed tears. Turn your hands into mourning, And joy into groaning.
Then all those who sat in the midst of the assembly looked at him, and behold, his face was like the face of a god.
As for the prophets, my heart is grieved within me, and all my bones are broken. For Yahweh and his holy word, I am as one who sins, as one who is put to the test.
When the officers have preached to the people, then they shall set the captains over the army to lead the people.
Sing to God, the whole earth!
The cry of Heshbon and Jerealeh came to Jahaz. Therefore Moab cried out with the cry of the armor, and their heart trembled.
There passes a man from there, and behold, he is dead; and I can't find anything in my mouth.
If I say that I will forget my murmurings, Or that my laughter will be glad;
They brought up the ark of Yahweh, and the tent of meeting, and all the holy vessels of the Tent: and the priests and the Levites brought it up.
You shall count all the men of the congregation of Israel by their fathers' houses, who shall go out to war from twenty years old and upward, all who are able to go out to war in Israel.
As much as you love men, so much more you love men.
But if evil comes on us, on the sword, and on the famine, and on the pestilence, and on the famine, and we stand before this house, to cry to you before you in times of trouble; for your name is in this house, and you will hear our cry for salvation.
then hear you from heaven, and from your dwelling place, and do according to all that the Gentiles ask of you; that all the peoples of the earth may know your name, and the fear of you, and of your people Israel, and that they may know that I have made this house holy by your name.
There is none like him who is able to catch him. Who then is able to stand before me?
The apostles departed from the wisdom, from the joy of the heart; for they were found worthy to be reproved for the name of the Lord.
Moses said to Yahweh,
No, but in all these things we trust in our God, and have a perfect faith.
Samson was thirsty, and cried to Yahweh, and said, Though you have done great salvation in the hand of your servant, don't I now seek to die, and fall into the hand of those who are uncircumcised?
Ahijah was over the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and over the treasures of the holy things, among the Levites.
The woman conceived, and bore a son, and when she saw that she was a young child, she put him in the womb three months.
But the Lord God didn't dwell in the house where he lived, as the prophet said,
Aaron ran to the assembly according to the word of Moses: and behold, the plague was in the people; and he gave them incense, and made them to sin.
Bezik in the plains of the wilderness for Reuben, and Rabbath in Gilead for Gad, and Coran in Bashan for Manasseh.
For a strong city is become a desolation, And a desolate house is like the wilderness. The bulls will eat grass there, And there they will lie down, And the branches of the trees will be eaten.
All the people, even he who was with him, went to the city before it, and encamped in the north of Ai: and there was a valley between it and Ai.
You shall come to the land which Yahweh your God gives you for an inheritance, and shall dwell therein;
There was no ephah among them, neither was there a sword nor a sword hidden according to their divisions.
There came a prophet to Ahab king of Israel, and said, Thus says Yahweh, Have you seen a great multitude? behold, today I will deliver them into your hand, and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Yahweh said, Take away my inheritance, Babylon; for you rejoice and are glad; for you gird up and gird down like a calf that treads on grain, and roar like a strong horse.
Don't deceive yourself, for God is a reprobate. He shall receive according to the fruit of his labor.
You shall not take the recompense of the man who fled to the city of refuge, and give him to die before the priest, and to dwell in the land.
Kill them, Lord, and crush their speech; For I have seen violence and divisions in my city.
For he will cause you to sin, and not sin, according to your word.
But the righteous shall rejoice, and they shall rejoice before God; and they shall rejoice continually.
He said to them, See what you hear. Whatever you measure, God will measure to you, and it will be multiplied to you.
I will take the silver of Samaria, and the great silver of the house of Ahab, and will put them on the walls of Jerusalem, so that seven pots shall be set before Jerusalem; and seven pots shall be broken.
Elisha said to him, What shall I do to you? You tell me; and what shall be your house? He said, Your handmaid's house has a stock of oil, and there is nothing in it.
As you lived in these dreams, so did you walk in them.
There is the heaven of heavens, and there is the earth; but the light of the ear is not like the light of the earth.
Even so, my eyes are still on them, and I will not destroy them, neither will I destroy them in the wilderness.
His border went down to the river Canaan, on the south side of the river, in the midst of the cities of Manasseh: these cities were Ephraim's; and the border of Manasseh was on the north side of the river, to the sea.
For they have set a snare in a pit, where there is no shelter, And a pit to destroy my life.
Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you entered into a man's court for a man's sake, and he went from sea to sea, but when he entered into it, you made him a more evil man than you.
It happened in the second year of Darius, in the ninth month, that the word of Yahweh came to Zechariah the prophet, the son of Berechiah, the son of Iddo, saying,
They speak proudly, But everyone who works iniquity is a liar.
I cut off the Amorites from before them, and they were great as cedars, and mighty as oaks; but I destroyed their fruit on the top of it, and broke down their roots on the bottom of it.
Thus did the captivity: and Ezra the priest, and certain of the heads of fathers' houses, were appointed by their fathers' houses according to their families; and they did this thing in the tenth month, on the first day of the month.
That they may hear the song of thanksgiving, And speak of all your marvelous works.
Serve Yahweh with a joyful heart. Sing praises before him.
Therefore love the stranger; for you also lived as strangers in the land of Egypt.
They said, We will not drink wine; for Jonadab the son of Rechab, our prophet, commanded us, saying, You shall not drink wine, you, nor your seed forever:
But Jesus didn't give the priesthood to another, for he lived.
They divide my garments by lot. They divide my garments by lot.
You have been released from sin, and have become bondservants of righteousness.
I testify that he has labored diligently for you, and for the Greeks, and for the Greeks.
Don't give to the animal gentleness. Don't forget the life of the poor forever.
As for man, his days are like grass. His fruit is like the flower of the field.
He made the lampstand of pure gold, and the base of the lampstand, and the pillars of it, and the cups of it, and the branches of it, and the flowers of it, of beaten work.
A man shouts for a multitude of oppressors, And he cries for the oppressors of violence.
Yahweh answered the angel who spoke with me with good words and with comfort.
Behold, I will show them this, says Yahweh; and I will show them my arm and my might. They shall know that my name is Yahweh.
But Job said to her, Why do you speak like these foolish women? Didn't we receive good from Yahweh, and not evil from him? He didn't sin from his mouth in all this.
The sword is delivered into the hand, and into the hand. It is in its place, and into the hand of the slain.
Samuel answered him, I sacrifice to Yahweh for peace. Cleanse yourselves, and sacrifice with me. Samuel cleansed Jesse and his sons, and called them to sacrifice with me.
Give to man, and you will receive; and give to you a measure of the fruit of your covenant: lift him up, and shake him, that he may be filled, and fall into your garments; for whatever measure you give to man, they shall return to you.
I know, Yahweh, that man's way is not his own; Neither can he who walks in it put his own foot wrong.
and thirty-five thousand four hundred.
Now the life of my father is with the life of this child. I am going to my father my servant, if the child isn't with us,
In the day of rain there is no water, Neither is there a woman who has a blemish.
He made a belt of fine twined linen, and blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
He put it in a ring, and put the power and the understanding in a ring.
So the waters were mixed with frankincense, and mixed with frankincense. All these were in the golden oven.
They went out, and came into the city, and found all that Jesus had said. They prepared the Passover there.
They will tell you, At the end of the day certain men will be revealed who do ungodly deeds, and will despise the faith of others.
The old man lifted up his eyes, and saw men walking in the street of the city, and said to him, Where have you come from? Where have you gone?
Don't please the wicked, Yahweh. Don't let their counsel fail, that they may be proud. Selah.
It happened, when the day of Israel's death was near, that he called Joseph his son, and said to him, If I have found favor in your sight, put your hand on me, and swear to me with loving kindness and truth, and don't bury me in Egypt.
Adonijah was afraid because of Solomon, and arose, and broke down the horns of the altar.
Jesus answered them, I will give him bread. The man was he. He gave him a loaf of bread, and gave it to Judas the son of Simon of Caleb.
The brother whom we love, and the faithful minister, Titus, will inform you of my matters and of my thoughts.
Then they divided them by lot, and took Jonah. They said to him, Tell us now, for who is the cause of this evil? What are you? Where are you from? Where is your place? Who is your father's?
For he who made no sin confessed to us, that we might be reconciled to him, and that we might establish a righteousness with God.
Now I tell you what I will do to my vineyard. I will tear it down, and it will be swallowed up. I will tear it down, and it will be trodden down.
Behold, the words which you shall speak shall be long; and when they long shall be long, they shall know that there was a prophet among them.
His bones are full of the strength of his youth; But he shall fall with him on the ground.
All the sons of Eleazar, and all the sons of Ithamar, were according to their families by their fathers' houses: they didn't divide the land among them, but made it prince in the sanctuary, and prince in God's presence.
Saul said to Jonathan, What have you said to me that you are dead? Jonathan said, Most assuredly I have put a little honey in my hand, and have spied it. Will I therefore die?
This is love, that we love one another according to the commandment of God, which you heard from the beginning.
When I brought forth your fathers out of Egypt, you came to the sea, and the Egyptians carried their chariots and their horsemen, and pursued your fathers to the Red Sea.
He made poles of acacia wood, and overlaid them with brass.
Those who were gathered together with the Gentiles, and those who were gathered together, and those who were gathered together, and those who were gathered together, and those who were gathered together, and those who were gathered together, and those who were gathered together, and those who were gathered together, and those who were gathered together, and those who were gathered together, and those who were gathered together, and those who were gathered together, and those who were gathered together, and those who were
He was full of grace and power. He did great wonders and signs among the people.
Then they brought sackcloth with them, to bring the sackcloth before him.
The princes of Moab arose, and went to Balak, and said, Balaam will not come with us.
Then Jesus went with his disciples to a place called Gad Samson. He said to his disciples, Sit here, until I come and pray there.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: Thus shall you tell the king of Judah, when he has sent you to me to inquire of me, saying, Behold, the army that came out to help you, the army of Pharaoh, shall return into the land of Egypt.
I write to you, Titus, who is my true son in our faith. Grace to you and peace from God our Father and Christ Jesus our Savior.
But I will bring back the captivity of the children of Ammon, says Yahweh.
You have made your base in the garden of Eden, in the house of God, of every precious stone, of ruby, and of golden, and of purple, and of purple, and of purple, and of purple, and of scarlet, and of scarlet, which you sacrificed to you in the day that you were made.
Moses went up into the cloud, and was on the mountain forty days and forty nights.
If you love one another, then all the people will know that you are my disciples.
There shall be no night nor the light of the lamp, nor the light of the sun; for the Lord God will shine on them, and they shall reign forever.
and the tenth part of an ephah of fine flour mixed with the fourth part of a hin of oil, for a meal offering.
There is Assyria, and all his people; and their graves are round about him; they are all slain by the sword.
As for all the wicked neighbors whom I have caused to perish, even all the children of Israel whom I have given to me, thus says Yahweh: Behold, I will drive them out of their land, and I will drive the house of Judah out of the midst of them.
The princes, being angry with Jeremiah, struck him, and put him in the prison of Jonathan the scribe, because they had made him a prisoner.
He will judge the world in righteousness. He will judge all men in righteousness.
and the food, and the perfume, and the oil, and the honey, which I have given you, which I have given you, you shall set before them for a sweet savor; most assuredly you shall do it, says the Lord Yahweh.
The Lord said, It would be better for us, if we didn't turn aside into the cities of the Gentiles, which are not of the children of Israel, that we should pass over to Gibeah.
From thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who enters into the service in the Tent of Meeting shall number himself.
The angel cast the pomegranates into the earth, and the vines into the earth, and the grapes into the winepress of God's wrath.
Yahweh your God will also gather you from there, and bring you again from there, you who are driven away, and you who are in heaven.
When I speak of a nation or of a nation, To establish and to establish;
If he accepts you, the peace which you have blessed will be theirs. If not, take the peace which you have blessed.
He said, Beware, don't be deceived, for many will come in my name, saying, I am the Christ,' and, The hour is near. Don't follow them.
It happened after this, that Moab and the children of Ammon came together, and the Midianites to fight against Jehoshaphat.
Yahweh said to him, Take me three young bulls, three male goats, three male rams, three male lambs a year old, one male donkey, and one female donkey.
They said one to another, Didn't we bring bread, and he said the same thing?
He who commits iniquity is the devil, for the devil has iniquity from the beginning. The work of the Son of God is to destroy the work of the devil.
You shall strike every strong city, and every beautiful city, and shall cut down every good tree, and shall bind all the springs of water, and shall stone all the good fields.
You have thrown forth a great famine. You have thrown down those who rise up against you. You have thrown forth a great wrath. You have burned them like grass.
They came very far from the way which I commanded them; and they brought down for themselves a bull, and worshiped it, and sacrificed to it, saying, This is the god that brought you up out of the land of Egypt.
God is our refuge and strength, And help in the midst of our troubles.
Besides Jesus, they were not saved, because there was no name given among men in heaven, that we might be saved by that name.
Your eyes are the light of your body. If your eyes are gold, your whole body shall be light; but if your eyes are purple, your whole body shall be darkness.
The fugitives' strength was tested, and they stood in the shadow of Heshbon: but the fire went out of Heshbon, and the flame went out of Sihon, and consumed all the border of Moab, and all the head of the laborers.
I, Daniel, have seen the vision, and have sought to understand it: and there will be before me a man who will appear like a man.
My brothers, don't swear by heaven, or by earth, or by any thing: it is not he who says it, nor is he who says it; that God may not judge them.
I brought them into the hands of the peoples, and gathered them together to a place where there was not a man left: and they shall know that I am Yahweh their God.
Please don't be far from me, Yahweh. Please come near to help me, God, my strength.
It happened in the morning, that Pharaoh's heart was troubled, and he sent to bring all the mighty men of Egypt, and the magicians; and Pharaoh told them what he dreamed, and there was no one who could tell Pharaoh's dream.
Simon Peter answered him, Lord, who are we to follow after you, because you have spoken of eternal life?
See if I have done any evil thing. Lead me in a way that leads to eternal life.
Hear, it is the voice of my beloved. Behold, he comes. He dances on the mountains, He dances on the bars.
It happened in the tenth year, in the seventh month, on the seventh day of the month, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
A voice shall be heard on the ends of the earth, for Yahweh will be with the nations; and he will deal with all those who are uncovered; and he will deliver them up to the sword, if it be the wicked, says Yahweh.
He had seven sons and three daughters.
But I will rejoice in one of those things which are done by men.
(Now Hannah cried in her heart, but her lips were stiff, and she didn't hear: therefore Eli became drunken.)
You shall not stand among those who flee among them: you shall not deliver the remnant of them against the enemy in the day of their calamity.
His servant's seed shall inherit the land, And those who love him shall dwell in it.
The rest of the families of the sons of Kohath, their cities, were ten cities with their suburbs.
Can a man profit from God? Yes, a wise man profites himself.
It happened, when Rachel had conceived Joseph, that Jacob said to Laban, Send me away, that I may return to my place and to my country.
and the gold and the silver which the king and his servants pleased to offer, to give to the God of Israel, who dwells at Jerusalem;
You shall teach them to keep all my commandments which I command you; and you shall remember that I am with you until the end of the world.
He showed him all that was in him in his heart, and said to him, The king hasn't slain my head with the sword; for I am a prostitute to Yahweh from my mother's womb; and if Yahweh thresh me, my strength shall depart from me, and I shall be broken as another man.
So shall he who is holy be clothed with white, and I will not blot out his name from the book of life; but I will utterly deny his name before my Father and his angels.
All your brothers greet you. Greet each other with a holy offering.
Israel said, Why do you tell the man that you are a brother, seeing you do so to me?
You will break them with a rod of iron, Like a rod that spits out fire.
If I go up into heaven, there you are. If I lie down in Sheol, there you are also.
It happened, when Ramah heard a voice, and wept bitterly, and Rachel wept for her sons and for her daughters, that she would not be comforted, for they were all gone.
The brothers of Joseph, when they saw that his father loved him more, hated him, and spoke pleasant things with him.
Ahimelech said to the king, Who is among your servants who is worthy of David? He is the king's son-in-law, and he is your counselor; and he is honorable in your house.
Is the man whose field is to be cultivated continually? Or is he who sifts his ground continually?
David took Ahinoam the Jezreelite, and they were all his wives.
Moses brought the people out of the camp to meet God, and they stood on the mountain.
You shall kill him on the north side of the altar before Yahweh: and Aaron's sons the priests shall sprinkle their blood on the altar round about.
His daughter's name was Seerah, who built Beth Horon, and Beth Horon, and Uzselah.
Paul, who was crucified for Christ Jesus, and wrote to Philip, our beloved brother Timothy,
You have sown iniquity. You have redeemed iniquity. You have eaten a lying fruit. For you have trusted in your own ways. You have trusted in many mighty men.
Moses and Aaron fell on their faces before all the congregation of the children of Israel.
Why do the nations prophesy? Why do the peoples devise vain things?
You know that when he sought to be blessed, he was rejected by his father, because he didn't seek wisdom to change his father's heart, so that he cried out with tears, but could not be blessed.
Be dismayed, ship of Tarshish, for Tyre is laid waste, and there is neither house, nor man to enter in. This news shall be known to them from the land of Kittim.
But the Jews said, He said, You can't go to the place where I am going.' Shall he go to trial?
He who strikes the young man and the virgin, He who strikes the shepherd and his flock, He who strikes the farmer and his great bull, He who strikes the governor and his ruler.
I will bring you into the wilderness of the Gentiles, and there I will examine you.
The high priest said, Are these things so?
For the Lord heard the voice of the chariot and the voice of the horse, the voice of a great army, among the army of Syria. They said together, Behold, the king of Israel has bought the kings of the Hittites, and the kings of Egypt, to fight against us.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were fifty-one thousand three hundred.
It happened, as soon as he went up into the great land, that all the foundations of the prison trembled, and all the prison gates were opened, and the backs of the criminals trembled all the time.
The seven priests who bore the seven horns of the ram went before the ark of Yahweh steadily, blowing brass; and the armor carried them before them; and after the ark of the covenant of Yahweh the priests went, blowing brass.
Most assuredly I tell you, it isn't until the end of the earth that the law is broken, and the law's stumbling block is made.
The king of Egypt said to them, Moses and Aaron, why do you let the people bear their burdens? go, do the work which you ought to do.
having received the Holy Spirit, knowing that before he had seen Christ, the promise of the Lord,
Don't let a father's son provoke his son or his daughter to anger, that they don't perish.
He made the hin of a sweet savor, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Behold, they go away from evil; the Egyptians shall gather them, and the Moabites shall bury them: and they shall bring forth a snare out of their purses, and out of their cloaks shall they bring forth a snare.
I am a Jew who was born in Damascus, in the city of Jerusalem, a disciple of Gamaliel, and a ruler of the kingdom that is here this day, to teach our fathers the law with all his heart and with all his soul.
When he had commanded the twelve, he departed from there, and went into the city, teaching and preaching the Good News.
Now there was a certain servant of the centurion whom he had appointed, who was sick and was about to die.
Yahweh said to Moses, Tell Aaron, Take your rod, and stretch out your hand on the waters of Egypt, on their rivers, on their streams, and on all their wells, that they may become blood; and there shall be blood on all wood and stone in all the land of Egypt.
David said to the servants who were with him in Jerusalem, Arise, let's flee; and if we don't flee, we can't escape Absalom: let's hurry and go, lest he hurry to pursue us, and to destroy us, and to kill the men of the city with the edge of the sword.
Know therefore that the word of God concerning salvation has been preached to the Gentiles, and they will hear and receive it.
Woe to you, nations, when your king is a child, And your princes rejoice in the morning.
He took him by the hand, and gave him thanks. This was a Samaritan.
Your lips are like a pomegranate, And your mouth is beautiful. Your lips are like open pomegranates in the womb.
Is it according to your commandment, that the high one dies in the high place?
You fathers, don't provoke your children to anger, but strengthen them in the Lord's commandments and in his precepts.
It happened after this, that Jeroboam didn't depart from his evil way; but he set up a high priest out of all the people, and whoever desired to be priest over the mountain, he set him.
Then I will establish your throne, as I made a covenant with David your father, saying, Your seed shall rule over Israel forever.
You shall not eat the bread of a robber, nor buy his good wine.
Every creeping thing that creeps, and walks on its feet, is an abomination to you.
Isaiah said, Take a piece of fig bread. They took it, and sat on it, and the king was well.
Jesus answered them, The seasons and the days are the commandments of the Father, which you don't know.
until Yahweh gives peace to your brothers, and to all who have given you it; and they shall receive the land which Yahweh your God gives to them beyond the Jordan; and you shall return every man to the land which I give to you for an inheritance.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
If a man doesn't keep one portion of the law, he has not kept all the law.
For those who are circumcised and those who are not circumcised are without reproach. Those who are circumcised obey the commandments of God.
They answered before the king, Daniel, the thief of the captivity of the children of Judah, he has not taken away your supplication nor your supplication, but he prays a day and a half.
To him who created the light, For his loving kindness endures forever.
This is the history of Noah's generations. Noah was righteous, and perfect in his generation. Noah went with God.
and he spoke to him concerning these things, saying, The Hebrew servant, whom you brought to us from abroad, comes to me to make mention of me;
It happened in those days, when Mordecai was sitting at the king's gate, that there were in the king's guard two men who kept the gate: Benthon and Teresh, who were angry, and plotted against king Ahasuerus.
Pharaoh said, Behold, the people of the land are very many, and you will call them to nothing.
He drove out the nations before them, And measured the land of the Gentiles with cords for an inheritance, And gave the tribes of Israel tents for the Gentiles.
Grace be with you, Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
Yahweh said to Moses, When you go up into Egypt, do that which is right in your hand, and show it before Pharaoh: but I will harden his heart, and he will not let this people go.
The young ladies of Zion are purer than milk, and whiter than milk, and their flesh is finer than precious stones, like the light of a sapphire stone.
As for Jehoiakim king of Judah, say, Thus says Yahweh, You have burned it, saying, Why have you written in it, saying, The king of Babylon shall surely destroy the land, and cause the inhabitants of it, and the livestock, to die?
Yahweh said to Joshua, Arise, why do you fall this way on the earth?
Then his disciples came and asked him, Who is the greatest in the Kingdom of Heaven?
For your arrows have taken away my flesh. Your hand has held me securely.
He went with him, and great multitudes followed him.
He overlaid the house with gold, and the cords, and the snuffers, and the walls, and the doors, with cherubim.
For thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will bring out the inhabitants of this land at this time, and will make them sick, and will make them fat.
that your days may be multiplied, and the days of your seed, in the land which Yahweh swore to your fathers to give them; as the days of the heavens that cover the earth.
Rehoboam went to Shechem; for all Israel came to Shechem to make him king.
Go, inquire of Yahweh for me, and for the people, and for all Judah, the words of this book; for Yahweh is angry with us, because our fathers didn't listen to the words of this book, nor do all that is written concerning us.
David went into the house of God in the days of Abiathar the high priest, and ate the bread of the altar, and gave it to those who were present; but the bread of the sacrifice was not eaten by any man other than the priest, according to the law.
and their meal offering of fine flour mixed with oil, three tenth parts for each bull, three tenth parts for each ram, one tenth part for each ram.
All the people glorified Temurod, and the truth testified about him. We testified about him, and you know that our testimony is true.
Hear this word, if you understand it. Turn your ear to the voice of my words.
Let my tongue sing to your promise, For all your commandments are righteous.
The angel said, You shall not lay your hand on this child, neither shall you do anything to him; for now I know that you fear God, and that you will not give me your son, even your firstborn.
He also argued with the Hebrews, who prophesied with him, and they conspired against him to kill him.
I will clothe your yoke with it, and I will gird up your waist with it, and I will give your dominion into his hand; and he shall be a father to the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and to the house of Judah.
They sailed to the other side of Capernaum, but Jesus didn't come to them until the evening.
The father said to them, Where is he going from here? for his son saw the way of the man of God, who came from Judah.
He said, Hear now, I am with you. Blessed are those who keep the words of this prophecy.
Moses turned and went down onto the mountain, and took in his hand two arks of a covenant: and the two arks were written, and the writing of the one ark was written.
Yahweh is great, and worthy to be praised. His statutes are without blemish.
My dwelling place is taken away from me, as the tents of sheep; and I have bound up my life with this man; and he will break me from the beginning even to the end; and Yahweh has determined to redeem my life from morning to evening.
Jesus answered them, Be you in the Lord your God with all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your soul.
Azariah the priest brought in after him eighty men of the mighty men of God.
Saul said, Take a pledge between me and Jonathan my son. He took a pledge against Jonathan.
Put away my reproach, which you have brought forth. For the snares of your hands I am about to be consumed.
Then the captain of the army found a ship that was coming from Aristarchus, that he might open to Jedaliah; and he called us to be captain of the ship.
The children of Israel slept in tents, according to their armies, according to their camps, according to their great days.
Therefore the children of Israel didn't eat the root of the tumult to this day; for the man ate the root of the tumult of Jacob.
Hezekiah commanded in the house of Yahweh that they should prepare grain. So they prepared.
What do you think about him? Whose seed is he? They answered him, The seed of David.
For I am in Christ Jesus. Therefore I am glorified in God.
and fifty-three thousand four hundred.
So if you don't forgive your brothers with all your heart, neither will my Father deal with you like this.
The waters ceased from the earth one hundred fifty days after, and the waters ceased.
Then justice will dwell in the wilderness, And righteousness in the fruitful field.
As Jesus Christ our Lord has shown me, I know that the days of my departure are near.
The king answered, I know that you are liars, for you know that I have forgotten the dream.
that he should suffer, and rise from the dead, that the light of salvation may be preached to the Jews and to the Gentiles;
Do good, brothers, and don't wait.
The Egyptians pursued after them; and all the horses of Pharaoh, and the chariots of it, and the horsemen of it, and all the army of it, pursued after them by the sea toward Pharaoh Philioth, over against Baal Zephon, in the place where the children of Israel encamped.
This was the second year of king Darius, in the sixth month, in the twenty-fourth day of the month.
They shall bring to this city the glory and honor of the nations.
For you know that anyone who commits sexual immorality, or commits adultery, or commits adultery (this is an idol), can't become a people of Christ, nor of the Kingdom of God.
They can't obtain from you the testimonies which they testify against me.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: I will bring many against them, and will cause them to be cast down and to be cast out, and to be cut off.
Balak took Balaam, and brought him up to the hill country of Sophia, and went up to the top of Pisgah, and built seven altars, and offered each one of them a bull and a ram.
So you also received the teaching of Nikkei.
Moses commanded the children of Israel according to the word of Yahweh, saying, Let the tribe of the children of Joseph speak.
He took his father's or his mother's things, and said, This is not sin; but this man is a mighty man.
Therefore we say, Now let us build ourselves an altar, not for burnt offering, nor for any sacrifice;
Save from Yahweh. Blessed be your people. Selah.
saying, If you are King of the Jews, save yourself.
Now, brothers, I have come to you without pretense, neither with beauty, nor with wisdom, to proclaim the word of God to you.
He hurried, and poured out the water of the chamber into the trough; and he ran to the well, and drew water, and gave to all his camels to drink water.
Moses commanded them the way by which they went, according to the commandment of Yahweh: so they went their way.
When you walk, you shall not stumble. When you run, you shall not stumble on anything.
I will stretch out my hand, and strike him with all the wonders that I will do in Egypt; and he shall go with you.
The captain of the guard took Shelaiah the high priest, and Zephaniah the second priest, and the three doorkeepers;
Another angel came out of the temple, and cried out from the top of the cloud, saying, Take up your cymbal, for the time has come, and all the work of the earth is finished.
He cried with a loud voice at the entrance of the gate, and at the entrance of the gate, and at the entrance of the gate,
It will happen at that time, that the mighty people will be afraid, even the bright people who are from abroad, who divide the land to tread on, and their land will be divided, and they will offer an offering to Yahweh of Armies, even to Mount Zion, where Yahweh has set his name.
They shall go forth to see the dead bodies of those who rebel against me; for their plague shall not die, neither shall their fire extinguish; and all those who have them shall abhor them.
Be glad in Yahweh, and remember his holy name, and praise, you righteous.
Beware of him, and listen to his voice before him, and don't disobey him; he will not forgive your disobedience, because he has come in my name.
When you say, It is,' you shall say it, It is,' and when you say, It isn't,' the rest of the house shall say, It is from the devil.'
For thus says Yahweh: David shall have a man forever a throne over Israel;
But he who separates the hands of evil-doers, his fruit shall not be eaten: for you shall surely die in the day of eating.
But I will sing praises to your strength, and I will sing praises to your loving kindness in the morning; for you have been my stronghold in the day of trouble, my refuge.
You have multiplied your counsel, so that you are weary. Now arise, and save you from the things that come on you, all the angels, and those who see the stars, and who prophesy in the new moon.
Micaiah said, I have seen all Israel scattered on the mountains, as a flock without a shepherd. Thus says Yahweh, Every man who has no lord shall return to his own house in peace.
You shall take the veil, and put it in the outermost part of the veil, and bring the ark of the testimony into the veil; and the veil shall separate you from the sanctuary and from the most holy place.
When the eye is freed from the evil, and the lips are brought to the evil, he does it.
He gathered the congregation together to the door of the Tent of Meeting, and struck them: and the glory of Yahweh appeared to the congregation.
The land by the sea shall become pasture, with pasture of shepherds, and pasture of flocks.
Joshua the son of Nun was full of the spirit of wisdom; for Moses had put his hand on him; and the children of Israel obeyed him, and did as Yahweh commanded Moses.
I have heard two things concerning God, the power of God, speaking one word,
Therefore turn to your God, and wait for your God with all your heart, and with all your mind, and with all your soul.
Their rock is not like our rock, Neither is there any difference between us and our enemies.
Judah said to Israel his father, Send the child with me, and we will go out, that we may live with you, and with our little ones, and not die.
They came from Egypt, and from all places, and brought horses to Solomon.
David didn't go up to the sky, but he said, God said to my lord, You are my friend.
I write to Timothy, my beloved son. Grace to you and peace from God our Father and Christ Jesus our Lord.
As for me, I tell you, behold, I speak to you as a son. Be like us, and let your heart be fuller.
Haven't they taught you, And told you, Out of his own heart?
I heard a word spoken to me out of the house, and a man standing by me.
A greater sin can't destroy it, Neither can a great sin hide it: But whoever desires to possess it in all his house, he will surely be despised.
one young bull, one ram, one male lamb a year old, for a burnt offering;
Judge me, Yahweh my God, according to your righteousness. Don't let them boast against me.
There were overlaid armies in their hand, thirty-seven thousand five hundred, all of them of great might and might, to help the king against his enemies.
But when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came into the land, we said, Come, and let us go up to Jerusalem, and escape from the army of the Chaldeans, and from the army of Syria; therefore we have abode in Jerusalem.
I know your affliction and your poverty, but you are rich; and I know that you have been blasphemed by those who are ten thousand of the Jews; but they are not Jews, but apostles of Satan.
Cursed be he who doesn't believe the words of the law to do them. All the people shall say, Amen.
When the children of Ammon knew that they were abhorred by David, they sent, and took the Syrians of Beth Rehob, and the Syrians of Zobah, two thousand footmen, and one thousand kings of Maacah; and the men of Tob were two thousand.
Son of man, because Tyre said to Jerusalem, Aha! The gate of the nations is broken, and it is turned to me; it is laid waste, and I am thriving.
and his offering, one silver platter, the weight of which was one hundred thirty shekels, one silver bowl of seventy shekels, after the shekel of the sanctuary; both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil for a meal offering;
Jerusalem, praise Yahweh! Zion, praise your God!
Surely in those days there is a woman who is pregnant and has a child, and she is very sick.
As the sparrow flees away, As the young donkey flees away, As the unfaithful curse doesn't endure.
He who speaks wisely declares righteousness, But he who disobeys witnesses blaspheme.
My skin is dried up. My bones are burned with the heat of the sun.
For whoever finds me will find life, And will find favor in Yahweh.
The king's treasures were Atsumabeth the son of Adiel; and over the field, and over the city, and over the fortress, and over the treasures of the city was Jonathan the son of Uzziah.
The people went to Gilgal, and made Saul king in Gilgal before Yahweh; and they offered sacrifices of peace offerings there before Yahweh: and Saul and all Israel rejoiced exceedingly.
Haven't you poured me out like milk, And made me spread out like a bottle?
For Yahweh hardened their hearts against Israel, and fought against them; and he made them to perish completely, and gave them no mercy, and made them to perish completely, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
You say, No, but we will run on horses.' Therefore you run, and say, We will run on a very large animal.' Therefore those who pursue you will be very large.
Yahweh, your hand is high, and they will not see. They will see your shame and your wrath toward the people, And your fire will devour your enemies.
and unleavened cakes, and unleavened cakes of oil, and unleavened cakes of oil, with fine flour;
Now these are the adversaries of the truth, as were the Tyre and the Moabites. Their hearts are broken, and their faith is not tested.
For the ships of Kittim shall come against him, and he shall be grieved in heart, and shall return; and he shall seek the holy covenant, and do as he desires; and he shall return, and shall counsel those who forsake it.
You shall die in peace. You shall eat long days. You shall be buried.
They offered the spoil of the war, which they took in the battle, to restore the house of Yahweh.
The prisoner called for a lamp, and set it on, and went in, and trembled, and fell at the feet of Paul and Silas.
The fifth angel blew, and I saw a star falling out of the sky, a time when there was no deep in the sky.
It happened in the morning, that David rose up early with his men, and went out into the land of the Philistines: and the Philistines went to Jezreel.
Another appeared in the sky from the beginning, a woman with a sundress, and a moon on her foot, and a crown of stars on her head twelve times.
that you may eat and drink with me in my kingdom, and sit on my throne, and judge the twelve tribes of Israel.
He who has a discharge shall wash his vessels, and his wood vessels shall be washed with water.
Speak to the people, saying, Behold, your brothers, the children of Esau, who dwell in Seir, pass over their border; for they shall fear you; therefore be watchful.
I know my transgressions. My sin is always before me.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Behold, I will bring again all your armor, which you have, outside of the city, with the king of Babylon, and with the armor of the Chaldeans who surround you; and I will cause them to be gathered together in this city.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh. Bring my cry before you.
As you pursue them with your whirlwind, And make them afraid with your mighty wind.
When Jesus had finished speaking these words, he said to them, Lazarus, our friend, is sleeping, and I will come and call him.
For they have forsaken the covenant of Yahweh, the God of their fathers, which he made with them when he brought them out of the land of Egypt;
Now therefore don't count him guilty; for you are a man of understanding, and know what you shall do to him. Let his gray hairs fall to Sheol.
The children of Gad lived above Reuben in the land of Bashan to Sarath.
Jonathan didn't hear that their father swore to the people: therefore he stretched out his hand on the rod, and put it into the basket; and his hand went out to the mouth, and his eyes were on gold.
But who am I, that I should not obey the will of God, seeing he has given them the same gift of faith?
Now God has raised you up with Christ, because of the iniquity that was before, and because of the uncircumcision of the flesh. God has forgiven all our sins,
You shall fall by the sword; and I will judge you in the border of Israel; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Love is gentleness and loving kindness; Love is not jealousy, nor haughtiness, nor pride;
You shall teach them statutes and ordinances, to show them the way in which they shall walk, and the work which they shall do.
It happened, when the song was finished, that David sent and brought her into the house; and she became his wife, and bore him a son: but Yahweh was not pleased with the things which David did.
The messengers said to David, The enemy is stronger than we, and he has come out against us into the suburbs, and we have struck him to the gate.
The earth is rich in grain. Its first fruits are ripe figs, and afterward it is beautiful, and afterward it is redeemed.
The disciples were glad that they had taken him into the boat, and the boat sailed to the place where they were going.
But I tell you, as it is written, Elijah is come, and everyone does to him according to his own will.
Hushai said, You know that your father is a mighty man, and that he who is with him is mighty; and their heart is troubled, as the snare of a child in the field; and your father is a man of war; he shall not be with the people.
Take heed to the yoke that your father put on us, and to the yoke that your father put on us in our affliction, and to the yoke that is on us, and we will serve you.
Neither have I made with you this covenant, nor this oath,
Jesus answered them, Behold, it is evening, and you will say, Tomorrow there will be light in heaven because of the stars of the sky.'
The children of Israel traveled according to their divisions. This is their greatness.
Don't take away the gift of your soul, which was given you by the words of the prophets, and by the hand of the elders.
He shall come into the fat land of the holy land, when he shall have no mourning; and he shall have done that which his fathers didn't do, and that which their fathers didn't do; and he shall have divided the spoil of it, and the possession of it, and the substance; and he shall set a plan against the abominations, until his time.
Moses said to them, Stand still, and I will hear what Yahweh commands you.
Jeroboam said to his wife, Arise, lie down, that they may not know that you are Jeroboam's wife. He went to Shiloh, and there was Ahijah the prophet, who said to me, I will be king over this people.
To gather the rich man's food, which he has sown under his feet, And the dogs to trust in the place where he has laid his hands.
Then Azariah the high priest, of the house of Zadok, answered, We have eaten enough from the people to bring it into the house of Yahweh, and have left much; for Yahweh has blessed his people, and left much.
that those who love me may inherit, and fill their treasures.
If I do so, how will I remember this thing which is written in the Scriptures?
He who has understanding knows it, And he who has knowledge is upright.
Now therefore, if it please the king, examine the king's kingdom in Babylon, and see whether Cyrus the king will build the house of God in Jerusalem; and let the king show us this.
If we say that we don't sin, we deceive ourselves, and our heart is not truth.
The sun shall not hurt you in the daytime, Neither shall the moon hurt you in the nighttime.
The high places were consumed by him, and the mountains melted away; and the world rose up before him, and the world, and those who dwell therein.
Shall you also be struck, because you are always rebellious? Your full head has broken down, And your full heart has perished.
You shall eat, but it shall not be full; and your vanity shall be in you; and you shall wander, but you shall carry nothing; and all that you shall carry, I will give to the sword.
Yahweh has spoken a commandment concerning the Assyrians; he says, He who loves you shall no more preach; and I will cut off the engraved images and the molten images out of your god's house; and I will prepare a cloud for you; for you are a prostitute.
He called the priests and the Levites, and gathered them together in a broad place on the east side,
Yahweh commanded Moses thus; and he numbered the people in the wilderness of Sinai.
Let the stars of the night fall into darkness. Let them hope in the morning, but not in the morning;
It shall happen at the end of those days, that the mountain of the house of Yahweh shall be built on the top of the mountains, and shall be higher than all the mountains; and all the nations shall be satisfied.
All the wise men among you shall come and do all that Yahweh has commanded you:
Have you opened your eyes on him, As on this man? Have you brought me under your judgment?
You shall leave it until the fourteenth day of the month, in the evening, when all the assembly of Israel shall kill the lambs.
Yahweh saw that Leah didn't have Jacob's love, and he put him to death; but Rachel didn't.
If you will not listen to me in anything that you do, then I will add to you seven times as much evil as you have done.
We will possess all things, And fill our houses with the spoil.
For you are children of God, and God has sent into your heart the Spirit of his Son, that you may cry out, Father, Father!
You are a wild donkey, a wild donkey in the wilderness, a wild donkey with a strong heart; who can stop him when he is young? Don't let him who seeks him labor, for in the month he shall find him.
One said to him, Your mother and your brothers stand outside, to see you.
The king who is wise in his work receives the king's favor, But he who is corrupt in his work is in wrath.
Moreover he was a father of circumcision, because they were not circumcised, but because of the faith which was in Abraham our father, before he was circumcised.
His servants rebelled against him, and killed him in the king's house.
My enemies have blasphemed me all day long. Those who hate me curse me.
For your law provokes wrath. For you have lifted me up, And cast me down.
But the blood shall not be eaten; it shall be poured out on the earth as water.
Believe that I am in the Father, and the Father in me. If not, believe also in my works.
He who sent me was with me, and he didn't leave me alone; for I did that which pleased him.
Keep that which I command you this day. Behold, I will drive out the Amorites, and the Canaanites, and the Hittites, and the Perizzite, and the Hivite, and the Jebusites from before you.
Lover of parents is more precious to me, Than he who loves me. He who loves children is more precious to me, Than he who doesn't love me.
Please let us set up a chamber on the wall, and lay it there on the bed, and on the table, and on the lampstand, that we may come and stay there.
The sons of the prophets who were in Bethel came out to Elisha, and said to him, Do you know that Yahweh will take your master from you this day? He said, Yes, I know, and you shall raise up your voice.
If you have a guaranty, you have no guaranty; It is not good to have a guaranty.
David said to Ahimelech the Hittite, and to Abishai the brother of Joab the son of Zeruiah, Who will go down with me to the camp to Saul? Abishai said, I will go down with you.
But I do it for my name's sake, that my name not be profaned before the eyes of the nations, who have seen that I brought them forth out of Egypt.
Have you turned aside from him? Have you sinned against God?
Brothers, don't let anyone deceive you.
The fruit of the flesh is death, and the fruit of the Spirit is life and peace.
In that day Yahweh magnified Joshua in the sight of all Israel; and the people feared him all his days, as they feared Moses.
In the midst of you shall be blasphemers and bloodthirsty men; in the midst of you shall be sacrifices on the mountains; and in the midst of you shall be sexual immorality.
It happened, when he came near to Jebus, that the sun was going down on the mountain, that the servant said to his lord, Come, and let us go into this city of the Jebusites, and lodge there all night.
When he is rich and well nourished, he shall come to a resting place. All the afflicted shall lay their hands on him.
From there he struck the inhabitants of Debir; and the name of Debir was Kiriath Sepher.
The angel said to me, Write you now, and it will be well with you for those who are thirsty for lambs. He said to me, This is the truth of God.
So shall we do to them, and let them live, lest our wrath come on us for the oath which we have sworn to them.
He went and took a man of the land, and he sent him into the field, and took a pigeon.
They said to them, They drink new wine, and are drunken.
I said to him, Stay with me all the days of your life: don't commit adultery, neither follow other men; and I will do you the same to you.
Therefore he must be like his brothers in every way, that he may be called a high priest, loving and faithful, to forgive sins.
There is none who can redeem his own brother, Neither can he redeem his life for money.
It happened in the morning, that he called his disciples, and chose twelve out of them, and called them apostles;
They have laid you in the neck of the wicked for your false visions, and for your lies. Their iniquities are forgotten, and their days are fulfilled.
Absalom took the two hundred men, and brought them with him out of Jerusalem: and they were all uncircumcised men, and they didn't know the thing.
But the king of Assyria didn't do it, neither did his heart count it. His heart sought to destroy, and to destroy a great nation.
The possessions of the house are the remnant of the fathers, But the wives of the prostitutes are the gift of Yahweh.
Now, Israel, what has Yahweh your God to do to you? not to fear Yahweh your God, to walk in all his ways, to love him, to serve Yahweh your God with all your heart and with all your soul;
If he offers a ram for a sin offering, he shall offer a female without blemish.
The man said, I will keep all these commandments, even as I am a child.
It shall happen, when the end of the nations comes, that the iniquity of men shall be ended, and a king shall rise, full of iniquity, and deceitful words.
They brought the harp, and the psaltery, and the trumpets, to Jerusalem, to the house of Yahweh.
Therefore, brothers, what profit is it to you, if I come to you only as a preacher, and don't speak the word, or the knowledge, or the doctrine, of God?
Will your wealth and all your power be accounted for so that you will not be afflicted?
All the people of the city gathered themselves together, and pursued after them: and they pursued Joshua; and they were driven from their cities by robbers.
Jacob went to Succoth, and built himself a house there, and pastured his livestock: therefore he named the place Succoth.
and he said to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, who sent me to his presence to offer you what you have asked.
They said one to another, Most assuredly, we have sinned against our brother. When he cried to us, we will see the affliction of his heart, and will not listen to his voice. Therefore the affliction will come on us.
It happened, when the children of Israel were old, that their inheritance was added to the inheritance of the tribes which they were to inherit; so that their inheritance passed away from the tribe of our fathers.
You shall give the cities of the Levites, forty-eight; the cities, and the suburbs.
The word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah, saying,
Neither is it outside of the sea, that you may say, Who brought us over the sea for us, that we might hear and do it?'
He who observes the days is for the Lord, and he who eats all is for the Lord, because he gives thanks to God. He who doesn't eat all is for the Lord, and he also gives thanks to God.
If a man wants to talk with you, will he persuade you? But who is able to make himself known, and not speak?
and the dead body of Jezebel shall be as dung on the ground in the garden of Jezreel; that no man may say that this is Jezebel.'
He who touches him shall put iron and spears on it, and burn it all with fire in its place.
My son, keep your wisdom and your counsel. Don't let them go out of your sight.
He makes sorrow and grief, and doesn't desire it with his own heart.
I am one of the least of the saints, having this grace, to proclaim to the Gentiles the uncircumcised Good News of Christ.
Accept the praise of my mouth, Yahweh. Teach me your statutes.
Now I have issued a decree to the people of my jurisdiction, to tremble and to tremble before the God of Daniel; for he is a living God, and he endures forever, and his kingdom shall never perish, and his dominion shall not be exalted.
He took him, and gave him food; and he stood by him, and said to him, My sister, lie with me.
When she drinks the water, and is unclean, and has sinned against her husband, then the curse will enter into her, and she will be afflicted, and her abdomen will be brittle, and her right thigh will be broken, and the woman will be a curse in the midst of her people.
Now we have seven brothers. The brother who took a wife died, and had no children, and left her to his brother.
It happened on the next year, that Nebuchadnezzar sent to Babylon, he and the treasures of the house of Yahweh, and set Zedekiah his brother king over Judah and Jerusalem.
Before the heart of Yahweh has worked, and before he has acted, his wrath will not cease, but you will understand it in the latter days.
Most assuredly I tell you, whoever you command on the earth, he will command him in heaven. whoever you command on the earth, he will command him in heaven.
Let the house of Aaron say, His loving kindness endures forever.
Moses said to the judges of Israel, Kill every man who belongs to you, even he who is joined to Baal Peor.
and to Aholiab the son of Ahizboam, of the tribe of Dan, to give him strength in heart, and to teach.
Therefore he shall sacrifice for himself, as he sacrificed for the sins of the people.
How will my mother accept me? Or will she give me milk to drink?
Before my prayer was finished, I felt for myself the first man whom I saw in the vision, Gabriel, when he was commanded to come up, about the evening meal offering.
You shall love one another as your brothers.
They shall offer no more sacrifices to the throne of their prostitution, which they have performed: it shall be a statute forever throughout their generations.
Who can bring out the unclean from the clean? There is none.
But he said, You will see my face no more, and it will make them very sad. They sent him into the ark.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were seventy-four thousand six hundred.
God said to me, Son of man, have you seen what they have done? The house of Israel has done great abominations here, that I have departed far from my sanctuary. But, behold, great abominations are yet before you.
Whoever didn't hear from ancient times will see again, even those who were blind.
Moses said, Give yourselves to Yahweh, and Yahweh bless you this day, every man against his son, and against his brothers.
The watchman answered, The morning is at hand, and the night is at hand. If you want to inquire, then inquire. If you want to inquire, then inquire again.
For he is the God who drives the sun, For his loving kindness endures forever.
In that day, says Yahweh, there will be a cry at the fish gate, and a cry out of the second place, and a cry of help from the mountains.
I will open the rivers on the barren mountains, and springs in the valleys; and I will make the desert a spring, and the dry land a spring.
I will speak of the works of Yahweh. I will remember his signs.
Now therefore know, and count, and see what you will do; for it is appointed against our lord, and against all his house; and there is no one who can speak against him in his holy place.
So Jehu the son of Jehoshaphat the son of Nimshi rebelled against Joram: and Joram and all Israel took Ramoth Gilead, because of Hazael king of Syria;
For all the ways of man are before Yahweh's eyes, And he takes away all the ways of man.
But they didn't depart from the sins of the house of Jeroboam, which the children of Israel had sinned; but they did so: and the Asherim of Samaria remained.
Jeremiah returned from Tohudeh, where Yahweh had sent him to preach, and stood in the court of the house of Yahweh, and said to all the people,
The children of Benjamin did so; and they brought them wives out of the midst of the dancers, according to their people: and they returned to their own land, and built cities, and lived therein.
On the fourth day ten bulls, two rams, and ten male lambs a year old without blemish;
He said to them, Stay here this night, as Yahweh has commanded me. I will bless you. The princes of Moab were staying at Balaam.
You shall not afflict the poor and needy, whether it be your brother, or a stranger, who dwells in your land, or who is in your gate;
But Jesus turned and saw his disciples, and rebuked Peter, saying, Shut up, Satan, for you don't believe in God, but in men.
But we ourselves will carry the army, and walk before the children of Israel, until we bring them to their place; for the inhabitants of the land are strong; but our little ones will dwell in strong cities.
Judah said to his brothers, What profit do we have, that we have killed our brother, and sealed his blood?
The east border went to the Jordan; this was the inheritance of the children of Benjamin according to their families, and their border round about.
For thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: In this land shall men buy houses, and fields, and vineyards.
from thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who entered into the service of the work of the tent of meeting,
God sent his only Son into the world, that we might live from him. God has shown us his love among us.
He who strikes a horse and a rider with you; He who strikes a chariot and sits on it;
He who touches the plague shall be burned, whether it is a garment, or a garment, or a sheepskin, or a cloth, or anything of skin; for it is a mild leprosy, and shall be burned in the fire.
He saw that the hair of his head was naked, and that he was not clothed with linen, but that he was naked.
When John saw that there were many Pharisees and Sadducees coming to him to be baptized, he said to them, You serpents, who has warned you to flee from the wrath of God, which he is about to wrath?
He said to his disciples, The days are near, and you want to see the Son of Man, but you can't see him that day.
It was the Sabbath that Jesus drew away the dust from his eyes.
Judge me, Yahweh, for you have seen my wrath.
If a man lies with his neighbor, he commits adultery. They shall bear their iniquity, and there shall be no son for a long time.
These two women afflicted Isaac and Rebekah greatly.
My lord, I swear by Yahweh that you have sinned against the murderer, and that you have put your hand above your enemies: therefore I swear by Yahweh, who lives, and by your life, saying, Let your enemies, and those who conspire against my lord, be as Nabal.
Why have you forsaken me, because you are a God of strength? Why do I walk in oppression, and in sorrow continually?
Now the rest of the acts of Ahab, and all that he did, and the houses which he built, and all the cities which he built, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
They brought him to Jesus. When the prince saw him, immediately he struck the boy, and threw him to the ground, and brought him to himself, and brought him to himself again.
Faith comes forth from the earth. Righteousness comes down from heaven.
He sends worms among them, and kills them. He causes frogs to harm them.
There were four lepers at the gate: and they said one to another, Why are we here waiting for death?
Jesus said, Come! He went down from the boat, and walked on the water, and came to Jesus.
This was given to us, and he gave us the Holy Spirit to sit on our throne.
You shall not give your dominion to a woman; neither shall your works be according to the kings of ruin.
Seek you, Yahweh, in my trouble. My heart trembles in me, and my heart trembles in me; for I am a rebellious man. The sword is a son outside of me, and in the house like a dead body.
I will praise you, Yahweh my God, with all my heart. I will glorify your name forever.
Isaiah the son of Amoz saw the burden of Babylon.
Let me not lighten him up, that he may be as the day of his birth, and that he may be as the wilderness, and as the dry land, and that he may die by reason of thirst.
Peter also confessed to them, saying, I don't know what you are saying.
Ten thousand shall dwell in Ashdod. I will destroy the pride of the Philistines.
The first angel went, and poured out the cup on the earth, and those who bore the cup of the beast, and those who worshiped him, bore grass and a thicket.
He has taught my hands to war, And opened my arms to the bow of brass.
He shall bring the bull before Yahweh to the door of the Tent of Meeting; and he shall lay his hand on the head of the bull, and kill it before Yahweh.
I will sing for him whom I love, for the song of him whom I love, concerning his vineyard: and he whom I love shall have a vineyard, on a very good hill.
and out of the city he took a captain of the guard, and seven men who stood before the king continually in the city, and the scribes of the captains of the army, and the number of the people, and of the people who were found in the city, sixty men.
and if he desires to offer an offering made by fire to Yahweh from the herd or from the flock, a burnt offering, or a sacrifice of any kind, a vow offering, or a joyful offering, or a sweet savor to Yahweh at the appointed time;
Abraham was circumcised that day with Ishmael his son.
David came and took their father's sheep in Bethlehem, in the place of Saul.
Now therefore, if you will surely listen to my voice, and keep my covenant, you shall be my own treasure among the nations; for all the earth is mine.
and we didn't listen to the voice of Yahweh our God, to walk in his law, which he set before us by his servants the prophets.
Let their mouth be exalted to Yahweh, And their hands be slain with the sword that covers the earth;
saying, Don't touch my anointed one, And don't do evil to my prophets:
As if a man kisses a man with his mouth, So is he who answers with wisdom.
Yahweh is great, and will be greatly praised, In our God's city, In his holy mountain.
Samaria was a great famine; and they surrounded the city, so that there was a donkey whose head was eight hundred shekels of silver, and whose snare was one hundred fifty shekels of silver.
So I will sing and praise your name forever. I will keep my vows day and night.
It will happen in that day that there will be a living water out of Jerusalem, half of it to the east, and half of it to the west: so shall it be for the height of it, and so shall it be for the summer.
If they buy the inheritance of other tribes of Israel, their inheritance shall pass over to the inheritance of our fathers, and shall be added to the inheritance of their tribes which they shall inherit: so shall the inheritance of our lot pass over to us.
A fool's son is a calamity to his father. A wife's baldness is like a pool of water.
There came out of the camp of the Philistines a great multitude, whose name was Golat the Gittite, and whose height was six cubits and a half;
I turned and looked, and saw all the oppression that was under the sun: and behold, the oppressors cried out, and there was no comfort; for they were not comforted, because they oppressed them.
It happened on the third day, that Esther put on the queen's robe, and stood in the king's court, and over against the king's house: and the king reigned in the king's court, and over against the gate of the king's house.
He took Agag king of Amalek alive, and struck his people with the edge of the sword.
They baked unleavened bread without blemish out of Egypt with the green herb, that they might not bear, neither prepared food for themselves, because of the famine, which was out of Egypt.
So David overthrew the Philistines with cords and stones, and struck them; but David's hand didn't fall with a sword.
Therefore I tell you, whatever you pray, believe that it has been done, and that it will be done.
You took my silver, and gave me no bread to eat; my silver, and gave me no water to drink; and I walked after you.
The king Jehoiakim sent to Egypt, even Elnathan the son of Achor, and certain men, to Egypt.
Naomi came again, and Ruth the Moabitess, her daughter-in-law, who had come from the land of Moab, with her: and when they came to Bethlehem, it was the time to gather the barley.
Come and fight with me. You have seen what I did before, and you have heard what I did now.
Be careful that you don't do good in the sight of men, that you may not receive the reward of your Father.
Jacob did so. Laban took Rachel, his daughter, and gave her to him as wife seven days after the feast of Leah.
Listen to the prayer of your servants, Lord, and to the prayer of those who delight in the fear of your name. Make your servant prosper this day, and find favor in the sight of this man. Then I was king.
It happened on the next day, that he was going to Galilee, and found Philip, and said to him, Follow me.
Jehoshaphat slept with his fathers, and was buried with his fathers in the city of David his father: and Joram his son reigned in his place.
You will receive the testimonies which you need, that he has spoken through me, and that he is not hidden from you, but mighty in the midst of you.
Abimelech went up against the city all the day, and took the city, and killed the inhabitants of it, and broke down the city, and crushed it with salt.
It shall be on Aaron's head, that Aaron may bear the iniquity of the children of Israel, which they have sinned in all the holy offering. It shall be on Aaron's head continually, that they may be accepted before Yahweh.
They took all their goods, and all their money, and all their children, and all their women, and all their household goods.
I tell you, God will be steadfast in his justice. But when the Son of Man comes, will he see it in the world?
They girded with sackcloth in the streets. They wept every man in his house, and in the broad place where they were. Their eyes remained open.
On the right hand he works, and I don't see him. On the left he hides himself, and I don't see him.
Therefore a father shall kill a son to eat in the midst of you, and a son shall kill a father to eat: and I will judge you in the midst of you; and I will scatter all the remnant of you in the midst of the earth.
For to him who is disappointed in me and in my words, the Son of Man will also be disappointed in himself, and in the glory of the Father and of the Holy One.
Blessed is Yahweh for his Kingdom. Blessed is the people whom he has chosen for his inheritance.
He took the pomegranates out of the field, And left the grapes of the wicked.
Now concerning the resurrection of the dead, don't you read the words which God spoke to you,
Therefore all the wealth of the Moabites, and all their wares, shall pass over the brook.
The offering of the rest of the people was twenty-two talents of gold, and two thousand talents of silver; and the offering of the priests sixty-seven talents.
We will take one hundred men out of all the tribes of Israel, and one thousand out of one thousand, and one thousand out of one thousand, and will measure the people, and will bring them to Gibeah of Benjamin, when they come to them; and they shall do to them according to their reproach which they have done among the children of Israel.
and in the midst of Moab and of the children of Ammon, and in Edom, and among all the Jews of the nations, when they heard that the king of Babylon had left out all the Jews who were left, and had appointed Gedaliah the son of Ahikam, the son of Shaphan, to rule over them.
I tell you, if two of you come with one accord to pray on the earth, my Father will surely sustain them.
It happened in the twenty-ninth year of king Altasias, in the ninth month, in the first month, that it happened, that I gave a supplication to the king; and I had no sorrowful sorrow before the king.
The scepter will be turned away from me. I have rejected all evil things.
You shall not uncover the nakedness of your father's brother; he is your father's nakedness.
A voice says, Lift up, lift up, prepare you, and cut off from my people the way.
When Saul had eaten enough, he arose and stayed some days with the disciples of Damascus.
Absalom pressed him; and the king gave permission to Amnon, and to all the king's sons.
Abimelech went to Tephseh; and he encamped in Tephseh, and took it.
Then they made on the top of it the work of a skillful workman, and the turban of it, and the turban of the ephod with it, of gold, and of blue, and purple, and scarlet, and fine twined linen, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
All the saints will greet you.
If it is not good for you to serve Yahweh, then you shall choose today what you shall serve, whether the gods which your fathers served beyond the River, or the gods of the Amorites who lived in their land? As for me, and for my house, so shall we serve Yahweh.
One saw it, and said to Joab, I saw Absalom's ark in a tree.
I speak to the Gentiles, for I am a disciple of the Gentiles. I am righteous in this regard from my own hill.
Then the army of the king of Babylon stayed at Jerusalem; and Jeremiah the prophet was shut up in the court of the guard in the house of the king of Judah.
For many of Ephraim and Manasseh and Issachar and Zebulun were unclean; but they ate the Passover, and didn't observe the way.
As a woman who is pregnant, she trembles, And cried in her affliction. So we are before you, Yahweh.
The Son of Man will come with his angels in the glory of his Father; and he will reward and punish everyone according to his work.
Abimelech pursued after him; and he fled before him; and many fell down, even to the gate of the city.
They came near to the house of Micah, and heard the voice of the young Levite; and they went in to him, and asked him, Who brought you here? What did you do there? What did you do there?
David said, Will the men of Keilah deliver me into the hand of Saul, me and my men? He said, They will deliver you into his hand.
Jethro was glad because of all the good things that Yahweh had done to the children of Israel, and because he had delivered them out of the hand of the Egyptians.
Therefore will I give their wives to other men, and their fields to other men for an inheritance; for from the least of them even to the greatest of them they will play the prostitute, and from the prophet even to the priest they will commit adultery.
Thomas answered him, My lord, my God!
When the time comes, it is revealed through the word of faith. By the commandment of our God and Savior, I will proclaim this Good News.
Then I washed you with water, and washed your flesh with blood, and anointed you.
The sluggard says, There is a lion outside. If I go into the street, I will kill him.
Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon came, while his servants encamped in the city.
In the second year of Joash the son of Jehoahaz king of Israel Amaziah the son of Joash king of Judah began to reign.
They have made the earth desolate. The earth is desolate, and they cry to me. The whole earth is desolate, because there is no man.
and the linen garments, and the holy garments of Aaron the priest, and the garments of his sons, that they might minister as priests;
The grain that they brought back from Egypt was eaten. Their father said to them, Go again, bring us a little food.
I have seen your life this day. Yahweh see my life also, and deliver me from all my affliction.
Now therefore, behold, I am, and I have no God. I have died, and I have lived. I have wounded, and I have afflicted, and none has been delivered out of my hand.
I will not utterly destroy you until the time comes, says Yahweh.
Hear my words, you islands. Listen, you peoples, far off. Yahweh has called me from the womb. From my mother's womb he has called my name.
Therefore I turned and dreamed for the labor that I labored under the sun.
In the thirty-eighth year of Asa king of Judah began Ahab the son of Omri to reign over Israel; and Ahab the son of Omri reigned over Israel in Samaria twenty-two years.
We have trusted in you to strike our enemies. We have trusted in your name to tread down those who fight against us.
The thing fulfilled the word which was spoken by Jeremiah the prophet, saying, They took the thirty pieces of silver, the price of the eunuchs for his sake.
Edom shall be a terror and a trembling, says Yahweh; and everyone who passes by it shall be amazed; for all the evil that he has found shall be a reproach to him.
But thanks be to God, for though you were bondsersvants of sins, now you have obeyed that which was preached to you with all your heart and with all your soul.
Six years shall you till your fields, and six years shall you till your vineyards, and you shall bring forth your yield.
When they were cut off for this cause, suddenly there stood beside them two men in white linen garments.
Then sent Horam his son to king David, and greeted him, and blessed him; for he was stronger against Hadarezer than against him (for he was stronger against Hadarezer and against Tou in battle). Horam brought the vessels of gold, and of silver, and of brass.
We said to my lord, A child can't go out from his father, but if he goes out from his father, he shall surely die.'
Don't let my heart turn away from evil, That I may die in deeds of iniquity, and that I may not eat of their good things.
Let each one of you be separate, that the teaching of Christ may be made known to you.
Say to the wise, You are my sister. Call wisdom your close kinsman.
Simon Peter rose up in the boat, and threw out the net, and filled it with fish, even the first fish was one hundred fifty-three; and though the fish were plentiful, the net was not broken.
Thus says Ben Hadad, Your silver and your gold are mine; and your wives and your sons and your daughters who are beautiful are mine.
There is no one who lives solely for himself, nor who dies solely for himself.
These vessels were taken by Mitletat the king of Persia, who was over the chambers, and numbered them, and delivered to Sheshbazzar the prince of Judah.
You shall break down their altars, and break down their pillars, and burn their Asherim with fire; and you shall cut down the images of the gods which they have engraved; and you shall destroy their name out of the land.
The throne was six cubits high, and the throne was joined to the throne of gold. On the one side were palm trees, and on the other side two lions standing.
Shall the Lord strike Israel as those who struck him? Shall he be slain as those who killed him?
You, God, will cause them to fall into the pit of destruction. The slain and the iniquitous shall not live. If it is me, I will trust in you.
He struck the women of the city of the priests, the little ones, the nursing babies, the oxen, the donkeys, and the sheep, with the edge of the sword.
and say, Behold, the scorching heat!' and abhor him with a scourge, says Yahweh of Armies: and if you bring for a present the spoil of your hands, the lame and the sick, shall I receive it from your hand? says Yahweh.
Jeremiah said to them, Thus shall you tell Zedekiah:
He has given us our inheritance, The glory of Jacob, whom he loves. Selah.
I know that you have a true faith, which is more abundantly in your mother, in Loew, and in your mother, in the daughter-in-law, and I know that you also have this faith.
You shall tell them, This is not according to the word of Yahweh their God, but according to the uncircumcised people: the truth passes away, and is broken out of their mouth.
Wisdom dwells in the heart of the understanding. The innermost parts of fools are seen.
He shall lay his hand on his head, and kill him before the tent of meeting. Aaron's sons shall sprinkle the blood on the altar round about.
The second, and the third, sought the brother.
Enclose me, that I may escape from the wrath of the wicked, From the wrath of the unrighteous.
Who has given him the land? Who has set the whole world in order?
Let him live forever. They will give him the gold of Sheba. They will pray for him continually, And praise him all day long.
Who is the King of glory? Yahweh of Armies, he is King of glory. Selah.
You despise my holy things. You persecute my Sabbaths.
Now therefore, say you, Go, tell your lord, Here is Elijah;' and he shall surely kill me.
Immediately the commanding officer and the captain of the army came to the people; and when they saw the captain and the army, they bowed their hands, and didn't beat Paul any more.
The poles shall be always in the ark, and they shall not be taken out.
Because they turned away from all the evil of other gods that they had done that day, therefore have I turned my face.
He sat on the throne in the day of the ark, and spoke to the people in a king's robe.
It happened on the seventh day of the month, that the priest Ezra the priest brought the book of the law before the council, that the south was yours, and that everyone who heard it had a hearing.
But Moses entered into Yahweh's presence, and spoke with him; and he lifted up his voice, until he came forth: and when he came forth, he spoke to the children of Israel the words which Yahweh commanded him.
Your servant loves the stones of Zion. He keeps the dust of it in his hand.
Immediately the snare of the fool is revealed, But the prudent conceals his own shame.
My soul has obeyed your precepts. I delight in your words.
Return you therefore, and weep before Yahweh: but Yahweh will not hear your voice, nor turn his ear to you.
How much less that Christ, through the Spirit of eternal life, gave his own blood without reproach to God? Isn't his blood sanctified in our hearts, that he may escape from death, and serve the living God?
When he had finished, he took it up, and put on his clothing, and went away. He went out, and was crucified.
Behold, a king shall reign in righteousness; and princes shall reign in justice.
I turned and looked, and behold, who spoke with me; and behold, seven golden lampstands.
For they have forsaken me, and have burned incense to other gods, and have provoked me to anger with the work of their hands: therefore my wrath has fallen on this land.
For he will deliver you out of the clutches of the donkey, And out of the pestilence of evil.
But he shall leave his roots on the earth, and bind them with iron and brass, and water them with the dew of the sky in the new grass of the field; and he shall be sown with the animals of the sky on the grass of the earth.
We are broken in pieces. We are put in prison. We are weary, we don't sleep, we don't eat.
As Babylon caused the slain of Israel to fall, so shall the slain of all Israel fall in Babylon.
Rehoboam went to Shechem; for all Israel came to Shechem to make him king.
Isn't he who circumcised the body, and who walked in the law, not guilty? For you have circumcised the body of the law, but you have not walked in the law.
Isaiah said this because he had seen the glory of Jesus, and had spoken concerning him.
He brought them to the border of the sanctuary, To the mountain which he had obtained with his right hand.
He made the boards for the tent, and on the south side twenty boards.
Their heart trembles at wickedness. They gather themselves together to battle.
For the king's words are high. Who will say to him, What do you do?
The disciples said to him, Rabbi, come to the Jews, that they may stone you with stones. Will you go there again?
Your enemies roar in your temple. They set their days in order.
The prophet said, My sleep is troubled. My sleep is glad.
There is good news from afar, Like water to the thirsty.
We know that God doesn't listen to the prayer of sinners, but if a man worship God, and do his will, God will listen to his prayer.
But he was snared and carried away; and his young ones were slain in the streets; and they were astonished at the honorable man of his; and all his stature was broken in pieces.
The captains of the people went out, and their captains with them, and said to the people, Thus says Pharaoh, I will give you no more grass.
It happened after Jeremiah, that Ishdan the Bethlehemite was judge over Israel.
Yahweh sent a messenger into the camp of the king of Assyria, and destroyed all the mighty men of valor, and all the princes of the army: and the king of Assyria returned to his own land in shame, and into the house of his god; and there his son who bore him killed him with the sword.
I stood up in the first year of Darius king of Macedonia, and strengthened him.
He shall dwell in the city, until he stands before the congregation to be judged; and until the high priest has died, then he who kills shall return to his own city, or to his own family, from where he fled out.
You shall not multiply the word that I command you, neither shall you diminish it, that you may keep the commandment of Yahweh your God, which I command you.
I will bless him, and I will give you a son to him. I will bless him, and he will be a mother to the nations. A king of the nations will come out of him.
Your cities shall be ensnared in the dust of our feet, and we shall stumble; but you shall know that the Kingdom of God is at hand.'
You shall see, and be glad in your heart; and your bones shall be watered as a bare grass; and the hand of Yahweh shall be revealed to his servants; and he shall be angry with his enemies.
I will make you a desolation and a reproach among the nations that are round about you, and a sight to the eyes of those who pass by.
one golden ladle of ten shekels, full of incense;
But the high places were not taken away: yet the people sacrificed and burnt incense in the high places.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, the God of Abraham, concerning the house of Jacob: Jacob shall no more be ashamed, neither shall his face be changed.
As for us, it is a shame that we have not done this, but if anyone boasts, it is a foolish man speaking, and I don't speak.
Samuel took a lamb of a breast, and burnt it for a burnt offering to Yahweh: and Samuel cried to Yahweh for the children of Israel, and Yahweh answered him.
He took gold for every golden bowl of it, and silver for every golden bowl of it,
I will set a precedent for you to be mine; and I will set a precedent for you to me in righteousness, in justice, in loving kindness, and in compassion;
Ephraim has deceived me with deceit; and the house of Israel has surrounded me with deceit: Judah has established God, and has a faithful heart toward the Holy One.
His young men shall fall in the streets; and all his soldiers shall perish in that day, says Yahweh of Armies.
For we know that all things are still weeping and groaning, as the affliction of the flesh.
Hurry for me, Yahweh, for I am faint. Hurry for me, Yahweh, for my bones tremble.
Gilgal isn't it sinful? Yes, they are all lying men. They offer sacrifices of oxen in Gilgal. Their altars are like a rock of iniquity in the field.
Peter said to him, Your money is consumed with you; for you think that the gift of God is worthy to be bought for money.
It was in the heart of David my father to build a house for the name of Yahweh, the God of Israel.
You shall take water, and prepare for it. You shall establish your stronghold. You shall tread down the dust in the threshing floor.
He said to Lot, Where are the men who come to you? Let them go out, as we desire.
He said to him, Tell us, Who gave you authority to do these things? Who gave you authority?
I believe that the living will receive the favor of Yahweh, and will not be afraid.
This thing became a sin, because the people went to Dan, and worshiped before it.
All the gates of the court were toward the land that was left: one gate was toward the north, and one gate toward the south; and the land that was left round about was five cubits.
The king of Assyria took the children of Israel, and brought them to Assyria, and put them in Halah and Habool, and in the cities of Gozan by the river, and in the cities of the Medes.
As often as I see you, I give thanks to my God.
I have put my words in your mouth, and have covered you with the covering of my hand; and I have listened to you; and I have said to Zion, You are my people.
Put on shorts, and don't let the house be clothed.
and the hand went and took some, and went and ate; and when he came to his father-in-law, he gave them some, and they ate; but he didn't tell his father-in-law that this was the blood of the lion.
You know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, who, though he is great, works poverty for you, works poverty for you.
When he had gone out on the way, a certain man came and sat before him, and said to him, Good teacher, what shall I do, that I may have eternal life?
The young man who told him said, I have come to Mount Gilboa, and have seen Saul sitting by his spear, and chariots and horsemen following him.
The famine and the scorching heat destroy the iniquity. So is Sheol to those who sin.
Berel arose, and Nebo fell; and their idols fell on the animals and on the livestock: and the light of your days was turned into a snare for the weary.
Joseph said to them, What is this that you do? Don't you know that as I do, so are you a magician?
He took the best of the flock, and threw the wood on the poles, and set the poles on their sides, that they might lay the bones in the midst of the flock.
Yahweh God said to the woman, I will greatly increase your affliction, and you shall afflict your children; and you shall be a burden to your husband, and he shall rule over you.
They shall build houses, and dwell in them. They shall plant vineyards, and eat the fruit of them.
Moses and Yahweh were there forty days and forty nights: they didn't eat bread nor drink water: and he wrote on two tables the words of this covenant, which are ten parts.
You stood before Yahweh your God on Mount Horeb that day, and Yahweh said to me, Gather my people together; and I will cause them to hear my words, that they may live in the day of their birth, and to learn fear of me, and to teach their children.
For God judges righteously. He will recompense those who are afflicted with evil,
You know, Yahweh, the schemes which they shall use against me: don't forgive their iniquity, neither blot out their iniquity from before you; let them fall before you; punish them when you are angry.
Then his voice stirred up the earth, but now he says, I will not stir up the earth any more, neither will I stir up the heavens.
But if you don't walk in your own ways, you have nothing to boast about.
Who is he who teaches wisdom? Who makes him understand what he says? Is it he who stretches out his breast, and stretches out his thigh?
and of Nineveh, and of Levi, which is in the midst of Kalah; which is the great city.
Is this the thing which my lord the king has done, and you haven't told your servants: who shall sit on the throne of my lord the king, and make his word?
Let him therefore who speaks in a foreign language pray that he may have a spirit of knowledge.
As he was coming to Jericho, a blind man was sitting by the road praying.
Thus says Yahweh to this people: They desire vengeance, and have not swore to their feet; therefore Yahweh accepts them; and I will remember their iniquity, and will punish them for their sins.
The chief priests and the scribes saw the wonders which Jesus had done, and the children cried out in the temple, Hosanna! The children of David were very angry.
Sarah, my master's wife, bore me a son in her old age, and my master gave him all that she had.
In the midst of the nations he spoke of his glory, In the midst of the peoples his marvelous works.
Wisdom is before the eyes of the understanding, But the eyes of fools are on the ends of the earth.
In the days of Ahasuerus (this Ahasuerus was one hundred twenty-seven years old, from the end of the world even to the end of the world),
that the words of my servant may be fulfilled, and that the counsel of my angel may be fulfilled. As for Jerusalem, I say, A man shall dwell therein; and as for the city of Judah, I say, A man shall be built therein; and the desolate place I will raise up.
Joshua circumcised them; for all the men of war who were brought forth out of Egypt were in the wilderness, all the men of war who came forth out of Egypt.
Hold your peace in your hands, and be strong; for Saul your master is dead, and the house of Judah will anoint me king over them.
The mouth of the righteous is a spring of life, But violence covers the mouth of the wicked.
These are those who are sent by the Pharisees.
For all the children of God will be exalted above the world. Our faith will be exalted above the world.
There was a priest outside of the city, a Zerubbabel, who brought the bull, and the blood, and came to the gate of the city, that he might sacrifice with all the people.
When James and John, his disciples, saw it, they said, Lord, do you want us to call for a fire from heaven to devour them?
He shall change the lamps before Yahweh continually in the clean lampstand.
Is it lawful for a servant to keep his charge which he has commanded his lord?
Jesus set his God in order from the beginning, as Moses set in the house of God.
Philip went up from there, and preached to him the Good News of Jesus.
How can you speak good, you serpents, who know that they are evil? For whatever fills a man's heart, whatever comes out of his mouth.
He said, Tailored garments are for the bridegroom.
Our bodies will continue to live in Jesus' bodies, that his life may be revealed in our bodies.
Yahweh, who can live in your tents, Who can dwell in your holy mountain?
I was very dismayed with you, and I was afraid, and trembled.
Saul and his men went to him; and they told David; and he went down to the rock, and lived in the wilderness of Maon. When Saul heard of it, he pursued David in the wilderness of Maon.
All the assembly lifted up their voice, and cried out with a loud voice: and all the people wept that night.
Yahweh, what a man is, you know him. What a man's son is, you remember him.
When Judas came, immediately he came to him, and cried to him with a loud voice, and kissed him.
Then Yahweh divided the kingdom of Israel, and made it smaller. Hazael fought against all Israel round about.
For if a thing goes unpunished, then the money is gone; and if the man bears a son, there is nothing in his hand.
At the end of the reign three hundred princes went down to David to the top of Adullam: and the army of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
Yahweh is with me, and I am not afraid. What can man do to me?
A different angel, who was over the altar, came out from the altar, and cried with a loud voice from the horns of his horn, saying, With the horns of your horn he has lifted up the grapes of the ground, for the grapes are grown.
The wicked shall depart from his way, and the unrighteous from his thoughts. Turn to Yahweh, and he will be merciful to him. Turn to our God, for he will walk in forgiveness.
They traveled from Pharaoh Philioth, and passed through the sea to the wilderness; and they walked in the wilderness of Ethon three days: and they encamped in Marah.
For I tell you, there is none who can eat of my bread from those whom I have asked.'
He said to them, The kings of the Gentiles rule over the people. The prince of the eunuchs is called the Lord.
Then answered the angel of Yahweh, and said, Yahweh of Armies, why have you no mercy until now, seeing the wrath of you from Jerusalem and from the cities of Judah is seventy years.
Moses took it out of their hand, and burnt it on the altar, a holy offering, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Jesus answered them, I tell you that I am. If you seek me, let these men go.
Yahweh your God will deliver them up before you, that they may be astonished, until they perish.
Woe to him, the signs and wonders of the earth! To him, the wonders of the sky! His kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, His dominion to all generations!
Dan shall judge his people as one of the tribes of Israel.
Yahweh will shut up the lips of sluggards. He will break the tongues of sluggards.
Jephthah said to the elders of Gilead, Take me away, and go back to battle against the children of Ammon; and Yahweh will deliver them up before me: shall I indeed be your chief?
As you are righteous outside, you are filled with falsehood and unrighteousness inside.
He who eats my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life. On the last day I will raise him up.
Therefore the Jews began to persecute him, because he was sick on the Sabbath day.
If a man causes the bird to see that he is in the midst of the net of Sidon, he seeks to catch it, or if he doesn't know how to hunt it.
Elisha said to him, Go, bless him, and say, You shall surely live; but Yahweh has shown me that he shall surely die.
After this, the Levites shall enter into the service of the tent of meeting; and you shall cleanse them, and offer them for a wave offering;
Do you teach others, but don't teach yourself? Do you teach men to steal, but don't steal yourself?
When the man saw him, he fell on his face, and cried to him, Jesus, the Son of the Most High, what have I to do with you? Don't let me be afflicted.
The captain of the armies in the second month was Dodi the Ahohite; and Miclot was chief of the armies; and in his division were twenty-four thousand men.
Joram was thirty-two years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem: and there was none who remembered him from the world; and they buried him in the city of David; but he was not in the tombs of the kings.
Ephron answered Abraham,
The soldiers gave him a drink of bitter wine, but he didn't drink of it all.
All the peoples of the peoples shall give power and honor to Yahweh, and to Yahweh.
Let it be called The Hour of the Clement, that the world may see it day and night, that there be no iniquity among you, and a hard heart.
You shall appoint two boards, that they may be joined one to another.
For every man of the house of Israel, and of the strangers who live as foreigners among the children of Israel, who shall be with me, and shall accept his idol in his heart, and shall cause a land of iniquity to be before his own face, and shall come to the prophet, and shall inquire of me for his own sake; and I, Yahweh, will answer him by myself.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
He said to his father, Behold, there is a petition to you, that you grant me two months, that I and my companions may go up to the mountain to weep for a long time for my soul.
The father also will do the same to the sons and to the daughters. The children will rise up against their parents, and will kill them.
But Yahweh didn't stop his wrath against him, the wrath which he provoked against Judah; for Manasseh had provoked him to anger over these things.
I will multiply them on you, all the multitude of Israel, and all these cities shall be inhabited, and the desolate places shall be built.
Return, my daughter! Return, I am old, and I can't have a husband. If I say, I have hope, and I have a husband in gold, and I have a son,
So Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh; and the Egyptians sold every man his land because of the famine; and the land was Pharaoh's.
Joseph was thirty years old when he came to Pharaoh king of Egypt: and Joseph went out from Pharaoh's presence, and went through all the land of Egypt.
All these things Yahweh commanded Moses on Mount Sinai, on the day that he commanded the children of Israel to offer an offering to Yahweh in the wilderness of Sinai.
You will not accept the name of my Father whom I have chosen; but you will accept the name of another who has chosen his own name.
Philip said to him, Lord, show us the Father, and we will be satisfied.
Fear comes on those who dwell in the corners of the earth because of your signs. You delight them in the rising and the falling of the sun.
Therefore today, tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, shall I do; for the prophets are not able to kill outside of Jerusalem.
From that time he began to prophesy, saying, Repent, for the Kingdom of Heaven is at hand!
When he had received from Jasper and the rest the money, he let them go.
Go up to Lebanon, and cry out to Bashan, and cry to Abarim; for all your love is consumed.
One pillar was eighteen cubits high, and the height ten cubits, and the breadth of it twelve cubits; and the height of it was evil, and in vain.
They argued with him, but he said to them, The prophets will be honored wherever they go, in their own country, and in their own house.
You shall rejoice, and I will do to you, because of the inheritance of the house of Israel: you shall be a desolation on Mount Seir, and you shall be a desolation throughout all Edom; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
They passed through Persia, and came to Pamphylia.
Then said Nicodemus, How can a man, who is old, become pregnant? Can he enter again into his mother's womb to become pregnant?
John continually said to Herod, You don't know the wives of your brothers.
He has not sinned, Neither has anyone heard him lying.
So the children of Edom rebelled against Judah, and escaped out of his hand to this day: and the children of Lipnah rebelled at that time.
Yahweh has walked on you according to the word which he spoke by me; and Yahweh has taken the kingdom out of your hand, and delivered it to David your brother.
For I know that through your prayer and through the Holy Spirit of Jesus Christ, I will be freed and redeemed.
You have given him the desire of his heart. You have opened his mouth. Selah.
that all men may honor the Son as the Father; and those who don't honor the Son, they don't honor the Father who sent him.
I have bought servants and handmaids, and have been born in my house, and have had many herds and flocks, more than all the men who were before me in Jerusalem.
From the first day of the first month began to do that which was clean; and the eighth day came to the door of Yahweh, to the house of Yahweh, to the fourteenth day of the first month.
A man's foot is Yahweh's foot. Shall a man know his way?
Yahweh built Jerusalem, and gathered Israel together, and sent them away to the Gentiles.
He doesn't know that his grain and his wine and his oil are mine, and that his silver and his gold are mine; and with all these he serves Baal.
Go to my relatives and to my peoples, and take a wife for Isaac my son.
He named him Joseph, saying, Yahweh increase my son also.
He made poles of acacia wood, and overlaid them with gold.
Of Naphtali there were one thousand captains of thousands, with shields and spears; and after them there were thirty-seven thousand men.
I have tested all things with wisdom. I said, I will be a wise man, but wisdom is far from me.
They went out, and God made all the cities that were round about them afraid; and they didn't pursue after Jacob's sons.
All the things that were on the tent were numbered, according to all that the Levites were able to do in it, according to the commandment of Moses, by the numbering of the hands of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest.
Her face was beautiful, and she was virgin, and there was no one to come near her. She went down to the pit, and filled her chambers.
If the city blows a trumpet, won't the people be afraid? If the plague comes on a city, won't it be brought down by Yahweh?
I saw a throne sitting on it, a power of judgment; and I saw the spirit of those who testify about Jesus, and of those who testify about the land of God, who didn't worship the beast or the beast, and didn't cover him with a shield in their hands: and they were raised together with him a thousand years.
It is a fire, that shall devour and devour, and shall cut off the root of all my fruit.
Wherever your servant is found, he shall be put to death, and we will be my master's servant.
The angel who spoke with me said, What are these, my lord?
Who knows the thoughts of the Lord? Who can give counsel to him?
Then said Saul's scribe, Tell me now, What has Samuel said to you?
The children of Israel turned back in the battle; and the children of Benjamin struck Israel with their hands about thirty times; and they said, They have slain Israel as before.
Out of the tribe of Naphtali, Kedesh of Galilee with its suburbs, the city of refuge for the slain, and Hammothod with its suburbs, and Carthanna with its suburbs, three cities.
Samuel spoke all the words of Yahweh to the people, even to the king whom he asked of him, saying,
Yahweh our Lord, your name is exalted in all the earth.
But I have grass and oil to give to the donkey, and bread to give to my own self, and to my handmaid, and to the young men who follow me.
Most assuredly I tell you, if a grain of wheat isn't sown and dies, it is only a handful; and if it dies, there will be many grains of wheat.
In Christ, you are filled with all riches and knowledge.
This city shall be a pleasant name to me in all the nations, a blessing and a glory; for all the nations have heard all the good that I have given them; and they shall tremble at all the good that I have given them, and at all the peace that I have given them.
So Jebusite Melech took the men, and brought them into the king's house, to the chamber under the king's roof: and he took the sashes, and put them on his clothes, and tied the cords, and carried them down to Jeremiah.
For you have taken away many nations, and the remnant of the nations have taken away you; for you have shed blood, and waged a violent famine in the land, and in the cities, and in the habitations of those who dwell therein.
They turned and came to the house of the young man, to the house of Micah, and greeted him.
He saw the golden crown, and the palm tree that was in their sister's hand, and heard the words of Rebekah their sister, saying, Thus and thus has the man said to me. He went to the man, and saw the man standing by the camel's horn, by the spring of water.
They gathered themselves together against the life of the righteous, And against the innocent.
then his brother shall come to him before the elders, and put his hand on the man's face, and put his mouth on his face, and say, Thus shall he do to him who doesn't want to establish his brother's house.
Samuel said, Your sword has killed a woman, and your mother has killed a woman. Samuel broke Agag in pieces before Yahweh in Gilgal.
But if he gives one portion of his inheritance to one of his servants, it shall be to him in the year of his release, in the year of his release. As for his inheritance, it shall be left to his sons.
On the top of the lord was a fortified camp, with a height of four cubits; and on the top of the lord was his shovel, and his snare, with the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of
The mountains shall be lifted up, and the hills shall be desolate; but my loving kindness shall not depart from you, neither shall my covenant of peace be desolate, says Yahweh who has mercy on you.
He will greet you, and will greet you, the children of your sister who are chosen by God.
He lived in the wilderness of Balaam; and his mother took him a wife out of the land of Egypt.
Therefore in that day, according to the Good News which I preach, God will judge in Christ Jesus.
Yahweh God laid the man in the garden of Eden, and planted him, and kept him.
and that the waters of Hermon may be poured out on Mount Zion; for there Yahweh will bless, an everlasting life.
The temple was full of the glory of God, and the smoke of his power, until the seven angels' seven plagues were finished, and no one could enter into the temple.
Solomon made a bond with Pharaoh king of Egypt, and took Pharaoh's daughter as wife, and brought her into the city of David, until she had built her house, and the house of Yahweh, and all the wall of Jerusalem round about.
If you go to a new house, then you shall be a prisoner in the house, that no man fall from there, and the blood of blood remain in your house.
They told it to him, and to all their household.
Wisdom will keep you from sexual immorality, From the snare of flatteries.
Yahweh said to Jehu, Because you have done good, and have done that which I have seen good, and have dealt well with the house of Ahab according to my heart, your seed shall be ruler over Israel all generations.
You shall not forsake your friend, nor your father's friend: in a day of trouble you shall not go to your brother's house: a neighbor is greater than a neighbor.
Another said, I have a wife, and I can't go anywhere.'
Speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, Let them make a chain from the third part of it, and a linen cloth of blue on the third part of it.
Woe to you, Yahweh! For the days of Yahweh are at hand! As destruction comes from the Almighty!
and the river shall be full of pomegranates; and they shall arise, and go into your palace, and into your bedchamber, and into the house of your servants, and into the body of your people, and into your kneading trough, and into your kneading trough.
and to Jathel with its suburbs, and to Jesitemo with its suburbs,
When the feast was finished, they returned, but the boy Jesus was still in Jerusalem, and his father and his mother didn't know it.
He said to the king, Thus says Yahweh, Because you have let go the man whom I have appointed to destroy, your life shall be before his life, and your people before his people.
If therefore the husband lives with another man, he will be called a prostitute; and if the husband dies, he will be freed from the law's snare, and it will be no sexual immorality, though he is with another man.
Yahweh will make Judah his inheritance in the holy place; and he will choose Jerusalem.
Don't deceive yourself. He who deceives himself with the deceit of the world will be wise, but he who is foolish shall be wise.
You shall put them on the treasury of the priests, and mark them for the children of Israel: and Aaron shall write their names on their shoulders before Yahweh for a mark.
A foolish man eats up, As if he had broken his own foot, And opened his own mouth.
The light of the eye makes the heart glad. Good news stirs up the root of the soul.
Brothers, God loves us, and we also love him.
The man said, Your name shall no more be called Jacob, but Israel; for you shall prevail, both you, and God, and man, in the camp.
When therefore we heard of you, we prayed for you, and begged God that you might receive wisdom and understanding from the Spirit, and that you might be able to discern his will,
I, Paul, greet you from my own heart. Remember how I am now. May the grace of God be with you.
David departed that day, and fled from Saul, and escaped to Achish king of Gath.
The heart of a man who seeks the evil is in vain. He who seeks the good finds joy.
As brothers to the brothers of Christ, you are called to confess Jesus, whom we have confessed to be a messenger and a high priest.
Shall I eat the flesh of the bull, Or drink the blood of the goat?
Yahweh, let your loving kindness be on us, As we have hoped for you.
He didn't allow the angels to sin, but he cast them into Sheol, and put them in a deep of darkness, and waited for judgment there.
one male goat for a sin offering;
The God who commanded the light to come out of darkness, the God who poured out the light into our hearts, whom we know to be glorified in the face of Jesus Christ.
Happy are you, you men, and happy are your servants, that they may always stand before you to hear your wisdom.
If a man's heart is troubled, he will be burned up. A good word will delight him.
Let him be condemned when he is judged. Let his prayer be turned into iniquity.
We touched the wall, and shook it, as the blind; and we shook, as the unwitting man; and we stumbled in the daytime, as in the twilight; and we died in the midst of the mighty, as in the midst of the dead.
Look down from heaven, and see from your holy and glorious place. Where is your zeal and your mighty work? The heart of your love endures against me.
You make grass, that the animals may eat, and that the grass may be a labor of men, and that the food may be brought forth out of the earth;
He gave bread to all Israel, both to man and to woman, every man to his bread, and to his flesh, and to his wine.
For they all knew that the woman was dead, and they ridiculed him.
Job answered,
Yahweh spoke to Moses and Aaron on Mount Hor, which is by the border of Edom, saying,
In the day of wrath there is no profit, but righteousness delivers from death.
These are the sins of Meribah, because the children of Israel argued with Yahweh; and Yahweh sanctified himself to them.
Then Nebuchadnezzar was full of wrath, and commanded from Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, that men should go to burn more than seven times as much coal;
I will send a fire on the wall of Tyre, And it shall devour its palaces.
and fifty-four thousand four hundred.
Son of man, utter a lamentation to the king of Tyre, and tell him, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: You are perfect in all your works, and are wise and wise, and perfect in all your beauty.
Yahweh was with the master when he raised them up, and he delivered them out of the hand of their enemies in all the days of the life of the master. They wept because of their oppression, and Yahweh was merciful to them.
The sons of Meshelemiah and their brothers were mighty men of valor, eighteen men.
I have revealed your name to those whom you have chosen out of the world. They are yours, and you have given them, and they have kept your word.
But if a man goes on his way in the night, he shall stumble, because there is no light to go on.
But Jesus said to him, A certain man was hungry, and he was surrounded by many.
and one male goat for a sin offering, to make atonement for you.
I will rejoice over Jerusalem, and be glad for my people. I will hear no more the cry of weeping, nor the cry of wailing,
It happened on that day, that Laban brought forth to him sons a flock of rams, and a flock of rams, and a flock of goats, and a flock of oxen.
Then the wicked will be revealed. When he comes, he will kill him with his mouth, And destroy him with the glory of his coming.
After him was Shallum the son of Horohesh, who was one third over Jerusalem; and Shallum the daughter of his wife with his daughters.
For he who saves his life shall lose it; and he who loses his life for my sake shall be saved.
He shall not escape from darkness. The fire shall devour his branches. He shall die from the breath of Yahweh that is in his mouth.
Moreover Yahweh has sworn against me because of your wrath, and has caused me to pass over the Jordan, and has caused me to enter into the beautiful land which Yahweh your God gives you for an inheritance.
You shall offer for this lamb the fourth part of a hin of the meal offering: and in the sanctuary you shall offer the first part of the meal offering to Yahweh.
You say, God has recited his iniquity to his son. I say, He has also repaid him for himself, that he may know it.
You know that we have dealt with everyone of you as with his father, even with his own children.
If you, fools, don't die, then will you live?
and to cut stones, and to cut wood, and to make all kinds of work.
Isaac his father said to him, Come near, my son.
Your rebuke, God of Jacob, goes forth. The chariots and the horses lie in wait.
While we slept in this tent, we didn't gather up the things that were on the surface of the earth, but we gathered up the things that were thick, that we might recompense the things that were dead.
Return, and tell Jeroboam, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, I have taken you out of the midst of the people, and have made you prince over my people Israel:
But Yahweh brought you up out of Egypt from the snare of iron, to be a people of his possession, as it is this day.
The king said, Go, see where he is; and I will send to take him. One said to the king, Behold, he is in Tod.
Jonathan said to him, Tomorrow is the first day of the month, and your words are empty, that you may not be present.
Then Amnon lay unclean, and the king came to see him. Amnon said to the king, Please let my sister Tamar come to me, and bake me two loaves before me, and I will eat them out of her hand.
They pour out your people's blood as water round about Jerusalem, And no one buryes them.
He alighted from his garments which he had put on, and ate with the king of Babylon all the days of his life.
Their graves were deep in the midst of their pits, and their people were slain by the sword round about their graves; and they were terrorized in the land of the living.
All who remain of your house shall bow down to him, and ask one silver and one bread, saying, Give me one ephod, that I may eat bread.'
The Lord said to them, If you have a great faith, even a mighty one, and command this tree, saying, Bring your roots to the sea,' that tree will obey you.
Therefore I trembled before him. I was afraid when I saw it.
Whoever breaks my covenant, and doesn't listen to the voice of my covenant, when he takes a bull, and walks through it, and breaks my covenant which I made before me;
If you blow only one trumpet, then all the princes, even the heads of the fathers' houses of Israel, shall be gathered to you.
Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered,
The five curtains shall be five in number; and the five curtains shall be five in number.
Son of man, behold, the house of Israel says, The vision which he sees is a thing of many days; and the prophecy which he speaks is a long time.
This is the burnt offering, the meal offering, the sin offering, the trespass offering, the holy sacrifice, and the peace offerings.
A voice was heard from Dan, and evil was reported from Mount Ephraim.
You shall make a ring of fine twined linen, of fine twined linen, of blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen.
Jonah said to them, Take me up, and cast me into the sea, and the sea shall be quiet; for I know that you have found this great wind for my sake.
Great knowledge filled his chambers with treasures and riches.
For man always bound him with a belt and a chain; but the belt was broken in pieces, and the belt was worn out. There was no strength to subdue him.
It happened, as he passed by the gate, that he went to his father to take a field: and he came down from the donkey, and Caleb said, What will you?
While Peter was still contemplating this vision, the Holy Spirit said to him, Three men are coming to you.
I saw, the palace of the king of Judah was like the crown of Lebanon; but I would surely make it a wilderness, and a city of no man.
He whom God sent spoke the word of God, because he didn't intend to give him the Holy Spirit.
that we may praise the glory of God, all of us who are in Christ,
They have played the harp in the banquet of wine, and have sounded the harp, and have blown the trumpet, and have drunk the wine: they have not remembered the ways of Yahweh, neither have listened to the work of his hands.
He made the bases, and the basins for the bases;
Yahweh, I trust in you. Don't let me be disappointed forever. Deliver me according to your righteousness.
It happened, when there was no wind in the midst of it, that the sky melted, and the cloud covered it with a great rain. So Ahab took his chariot, and went to Jezreel.
The horses which a fugitive man rides on are unclean.
The man of God said to him in wrath, Five times in that hour shall you strike Syria; and it shall be against it until it be consumed: but you shall strike the Syrians three times.
Peter and his disciples went to the tomb.
But to this day I have the throne of God, that I may stand, and testify against the honorable and the lowly. All that I have spoken, and all that the prophets and Moses have spoken, concerning the things to come,
As for me, am I an astonishment to men? Why isn't my spirit revived?
Talshite and the kings of the islands shall be glorified; and Sheba and the king of Sheba shall offer offerings.
But keep all that you have until I come.
But Saul was yet determined to kill the Lord's disciples. He went to the high priest,
The pillars were before the house, one on the right hand, and one on the left: the name of the one on the left was Jachin, and the name of the other Boaz.
I will turn you again, and I will bring you near, and will bring you from the uttermost parts of the north country, and will bring you to the mountain of Israel.
All the people of the land rejoiced, and all the city was quiet: and they killed Athaliah with the sword in the king's house.
A righteous man walks in his own way, But a wicked man stumbles because of his own wickedness.
Seventy men of your fathers went down into Egypt: now Yahweh your God has made you like the stars of the sky.
Come, house of Jacob! Let us walk in the light of Yahweh.
I will harden Pharaoh's heart, And will do many of my signs and wonders in the land of Egypt.
Who can speak of the power of Yahweh? Who can declare all his fame?
I will say to God, my rock, Why don't you remember me? Why do I grieve, and walk, because of the oppression of my enemies?
As for this, Yahweh commanded him not to follow other gods; but he didn't keep the commandment of Yahweh.
If a rich man sees his brother's sorrow, or his sister's sorrow, but doesn't have a merciful heart, how can he say that he loves God?
You shall not offer to Yahweh the wounded, or those who seek, or those who are wounded, or those who are weary; neither shall you do so in your land.
Don't be far from me. For there is no one who is willing to help me in trouble.
The people cried out, and the priests blew the trumpet: and when the people heard the sound of the trumpet, they cried out with a loud voice; and the wall fell on its roof, and the people went in and went every man in and took the city.
You shall see no more the light of the lamp, neither shall you hear the sound of the bridegroom nor of the bride; for all your merchants are wise men on the earth, and all nations have made your iniquity a snare.
But I will send them by a whirlwind into the nations which they don't know; and the land will be desolate after they go, so that no man shall pass through it; for they have made a pleasant land desolate.
They lifted up their voice, and kissed each other, but Ruth and she left him alone.
Therefore I hate the book, for all the work that I do under the sun is my labor. For all this is vanity and a chasing after wind.
and the tribe of Gad: and the prince of the children of Gad shall be Eliasaph the son of Tiuel.
The children of Israel did according to the word of Moses: they took from the Egyptians vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and garments.
I tell you, if the days of judgment come, the punishment of Sodom is better than the punishment of that city.
They came to hear him, and to be afflicted with him, and those who had been possessed by demons were afflicted.
But he who hears that he isn't building is like a man who builds a house on the ground, and doesn't build foundation, and causes a brook to burst; and immediately the house falls, and it is very grievous.
and all the remnant of this wicked people, whom I have driven away to them, shall they die, and live, says Yahweh of Armies.
The old man said, Peace be to you. I will give you the fat that you need, but you shall not stay all night in the streets.
I will be merciful to you, that they may be merciful to you, and that you may return to your own land.
Yahweh, you are everlasting. Your throne shall not cease.
When the man saw that he couldn't contain him, he struck Jacob on the shoulder; and when he struck Jacob on the shoulder, he sinned.
There is no one who understands the divisions, Nor who seeks God.
Therefore watch, for you don't know when your master will return, or when he will come, or when he will sleep, or when he will be hungry, or when he will weep, or when the sun will shine.
Every morning he passes by, and will carry you away. Every morning he passes by, and there is no night; but the word which is preached is feared.
His master put him into prison, in the place where the king's sin was committed. Joseph was put into prison.
In those days shall the house of Judah walk with all Israel; and they shall come together out of the land of the north, to the land which I gave to your fathers for an inheritance.
To him who created the heavens with wisdom, For his loving kindness endures forever.
In that day, says Yahweh, I will cut off your horses from you, and will destroy your chariots.
Then I answered, Behold, I am come! My things are written in a book.
If the king and the people break this commandment with their hands, and destroy the house of God that is in Jerusalem, then let the God of his name destroy them. I, Darius, have utterly broken this commandment.
But I will sacrifice to you in the voice of my peace, And deliver my vows to Yahweh.
But not everyone has this knowledge. Some worship idols, and when they eat them, they think that they eat idols. Their heart is troubled, and they think that they are defiled with them.
But if I remember that you groan when we leave you alone, I want to see you again, that I may be filled with joy.
Why am I able to bear you alone, my fellow man, your oppression, and your strife?
As he sat with them, he took bread, and gave thanks, and split it among them.
Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, Who does marvelous things.
and said to them, You did that which Moses the servant of God commanded you, and you did that which I commanded you.
For fire has risen in my anger to the depths of Sheol, and has devoured the earth and its fruit, and has burned the foundations of the mountains with fire.
But you have been redeemed, and your greatness is come to nothing. Why do you scoff at men? Why do you scoff at robbers?
I baptized you in water, that you might be cleansed; but he who comes after me has more power than I, and I am not worthy of his sword. He will baptize you in the Holy Spirit and in the fire.
Honor the woman who reigns in her power.
You shall not enter into the gates of my people in the day of calamity; you shall not see their affliction in the day of calamity; you shall not touch their goods in the day of calamity.
Elisha said to his servants, Tell him, Behold, you have a very great mind for us: now what shall you do for us? What shall you tell the king or the captain of the army by me? The woman answered, I dwell among my people.
It happened, while Samuel was offering his burnt offering, that the Philistines came near to fight against Israel: and Yahweh came with a loud voice against the Philistines that day, and struck them; and they were slain before Israel.
Saul had taken Michal his daughter, the wife of David, and gave her to Phantham the son of Laish the Caleb.
For the blood of oxen and sheep shall not put away man's sin.
There is a sword outside, and pestilence and famine within; and there is a great sword in the field, and it shall die; and the pestilence and the pestilence shall devour the city.
Though there is no other Good News, I say this because of the fear of those who mock you, and seek to despise the Good News of Christ.
You shall appoint your brother a poor man to dwell with you; and you shall appoint him a steward, and let him dwell with you, as a stranger and as a foreigner.
If there be iniquity in your hand, put it away afar off, and don't let unrighteousness dwell in your tents.
The eyes of God were on the elders of Judah, and they didn't let them go, until the matter came to Darius, and they received counsel concerning it.
His brother came out after him, and his hand was on Esau's foot, and he named him Jacob. Isaac was sixty years old when his sons were born.
I heard a voice out of heaven, saying, Write now! Blessed are those who are to be sanctified by the Lord! The Holy Spirit says, It is, and they shall rest from their affliction; for the fruit of their affliction shall follow them.
This song shall be a witness against them in the time of their many calamities; for the mouth of their seed shall remember it, and shall not forget it: for I have known their thoughts, before I brought them into the land which I swore to swear to;
If a man doesn't reconcile his heart, He is as a destroyed city without wall.
I don't fear that when I return to you, my God will make me ashamed before you, and I will weep for many, because they have not repented of their iniquities, nor of their sexual immorality, nor of their adulteries, nor of their sexual immorality.
Then they sat down together with their disciples for a long time.
Let your works be revealed to your servant. Let your glory be revealed to our seed.
You have diminished the days of his virginity, And made her great shame. Selah.
The heads of fathers' houses hated Joseph, and didn't bring him into Egypt; but God was with him.
The second, the third, and the seventh were alike.
As the Lord did to his own husband, so shall he do to her who is in heaven.
Behold, the name of Yahweh comes from afar, and his wrath is risen up, and the smoke of it is covered; and his lips are full of wrath, and his tongue like a devouring fire.
You have committed adultery with me, house of Israel, as a woman has committed adultery from her husband, says Yahweh.
Joseph lived eighty years, he and his father's household with him.
Behold, the king, behold, a voice of a great image; and the image was great, and exceedingly troubled, and stood before you; and the effect was great.
Jonah prayed to Yahweh his God in the belly of the fish, saying,
You shall therefore keep all my statutes and all my ordinances, that you not let the land where I brought you out of your habitations go out.
Abraham arose, and fell on his knees to the men of the land, of the children of Heth.
It happened, when Jesus came, that Lazarus was buried in the tomb, and it was the fourth day.
The Spirit of the Lord came on me, because he anointed me to preach the Good News to the poor. He sent me to prophesy, saying, He who is taken will be freed, and he who is blind will see, and he who is oppressed will be freed.
But if we say that we have a covenant with God, yet live in darkness, we speak lies, and don't do the truth.
Yahweh is my rock, my high place, my Savior. My God, my rock, I will trust in him. He is my shield, my shield, my stronghold.
The gold of an open field shall not find it; Neither shall the emerald of precious stones nor the ruby of precious stones be found it.
They said to the king Nebuchadnezzar, Long live the king.
What is the foundation of it? Who is the comforter of its corners?
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Behold, my servant shall eat, and you shall thirst; behold, my servant shall drink, and you shall thirst; behold, my servant shall rejoice, and you shall be disappointed.
He said to them, I am. They fell on their faces, and fell on their faces.
according to the will of God, Jesus Christ, who sacrificed to himself once, was sanctified to God.
When Pharaoh's servants saw him, they praised Pharaoh; and the woman was brought into Pharaoh's house.
Then they made the images of the bulls, and sacrificed to the idol, and rejoiced in the images which they made with their own hands.
Immediately the men who were looking for him departed, knowing that he was a Roman, and that they had bound him, and were afraid.
If you will listen diligently to the statutes and to the ordinances which Yahweh has commanded Moses to teach Israel, you shall prosper: you shall be well; don't be afraid, nor be dismayed.
I have counsel and understanding. I have understanding and power.
Then Paul went out from them.
For I am also a man put to the test, and soldiers are put to my test. I said to one, Go,' and he went; and to another, Come,' and he came; and to my servant, Do thus,' and he did so.
Noah lived from the iniquity three hundred fifty years.
It happened on the third day, that there was a division in Cana in Galilee, and his mother was a prostitute.
He was buried, and rose up the third day, as it is written.
Then Delilah bound him with a new cord, and said to him, Oh, Samson, the Philistines are come to seize you! Then the robbers hid themselves in the chamber; and Samson cut off the cord from his hand, as he did cut off a piece.
Our heart has broken, and our mouth is opened to you, friends of Corinth.
For the evil that comes from God has made me afraid; For his wrath, I can't stand.
Then Solomon built an altar on the top of the hill before Jerusalem for Chemosh, the god of affliction of Moab, and for Moloch, the god of the children of Ammon.
Behold, Assyria was a cedar in Lebanon; and its branches were beautiful, and its shadow was like a forest, and its branches were high, and its branches were left in the midst of the cloud.
The evil of Moab is at hand. His troubles are near.
Speak to God, and be astonished at your works. For your great power is exalted, And all your enemies are subdued.
The seventh poured out his flute into the sky, and a loud voice came out of the throne of the temple, saying, All is well.
Don't put a veil on your neck, And don't put a snare on your neck.
Those who entered by the gate were shepherds of the sheep.
But Pilate answered him, Paul is still in Caesarea, and I will return there shortly.
The light of the righteous will be understood, But the lamp of the wicked will die.
You shall drink water according to the weight of it, one hundred six hundred hins a day, and you shall drink it in due season.
Do you offer sacrifices and offerings to me, house of Israel, forty years in the wilderness?
I have been troubled by the wickedness of the Jews, and have been astonished at the Lord with my eyes closed.
From the day that he was crucified to this day, there is no end, neither ever will there be any end.
When the priest shall go in, he shall not go out of the sanctuary to any other place; but he shall let them loose the garments in which they were clothed, because they were holy: and they shall bring their garments to the place of the people.
John answered them, I have baptized you in water, but a mighty man is coming, and I will not lose his sword. He will baptize you in the Holy Spirit and in fire.
My sister, my bride, you have turned away my heart. You have turned away my heart with one look at your eyes. You have taken away my heart with one golden chain around your neck.
I will afflict him with the pestilence and with the blood; and I will bring down on him, and on his armies, and on the people who are with him, the great hail, and the great hail, and the fire.
A proud man turns away his face, But a sluggard is wise.
For many were possessed by demons, and the demon cried out, and went out from those who were possessed; and many were demons, and many were lame.
Honor your own faith before God. Blessed is he who does that which is right in his own eyes, and doesn't sin.
His breath was long; and he called the name of his son Benjamin in the time of his death; but his father called his name Benjamin.
There were also two olive trees: one on the right side of the anointing oil, and one on the left side of the anointing oil.
Leap, you people of Dan: flee, hide yourself; for I will bring his evil on Esau, when I will punish him.
For he will not put me to death by the womb. My mother will be my tomb. She will be continually in her infirmities.
So he who sent me here is not you, but God. He made me as Pharaoh's father, lord over all his house, and ruler over all the land of Egypt.
The people sat down, and walked, as the Anakim; but Yahweh destroyed them before the children of Ammon; and they possessed their land, and lived therein.
The heads of fathers' houses of Judah shall say in their heart, The inhabitants of Jerusalem are my strength, because they trust in their God, Yahweh of Armies.
Some of the Pharisees said, This man has not kept the Sabbath, but from God. Others said, Why do sinners do such signs? They were divided.
You shall burn your house with fire, and judge you before many women: I will not make you commit adultery any more, nor give you anything.
He pursued after them, and walked in a way that he had not gone, and passed over in peace.
Don't turn to those who are possessed by demons, and to those who walk in demons; neither go to inquire of them until they are defiled: I am Yahweh your God.
Levi feasted a great feast for him in their house. Many of the tax collectors and many others came to eat bread with them.
He said, Please let me go; for we have sacrificed in the city, and my brother has commanded me to go: now therefore, if I have found favor in your sight, please let me go to my brothers.' Therefore he didn't come to sit with the king.
But if they are a servant to the people before their idols, and a stumbling block to the house of Israel, says the Lord Yahweh, therefore have I lifted up my hand against them, and they shall bear their iniquity.
You shall not eat one day, two days, five days, ten days, and twenty days;
Now therefore don't be dismayed, lest the cords of your yoke be stiffened; for I have heard from the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, that he will surely do that which is cause to perish on the earth.
Yahweh will lead you continually in a desert land, to fill your heart and your bones with strength; and you shall be as a barren field, and as a barren spring.
Eleazar the priest said to the multitude who returned from the war, This is the statute which Yahweh has commanded Moses in the law:
Isaac and Ishmael his sons buried him in the cave at Makpelah: and the cave was before Mamre, in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite;
My eyes are broken in sorrow. I call to you day by day, Yahweh. I lift up my hands to you.
Seven days they laid their hands on their brothers who lived in their villages.
But they had no sons; for Elisabeth was no more; and the years of the men were yet two years.
The righteous heard, and were exceedingly angry, that they might kill them.
and not as in the day that I commanded the judges to rule over my people Israel; but I will give you rest from all your enemies; and Yahweh will tell you, Yahweh will build you up your house.
Sodom and Gomorrah, and the cities that are round about them, with the angels, have committed adultery, and have sanctified the land together, so that they are punished forever by the fire of unleavened bread. This shall be a statute to all men.
He didn't afflict us, but we said, The Lord's sake be done.
This is the feast of Yahweh, which you shall prophesy in the day that Yahweh shall prophesy.
that he may make an everlasting covenant with his seed for the priesthood, because he has a perfect heart for his God, and has sinned against Israel.
Therefore, first of all, I beg you to pray to God, and to pray, and to pray, and to give thanks to all who are around you.
My throat is dried up because of my cry. My eyes are dried up because of God.
On the eighth day the child shall be circumcised.
then you shall deal with him, as he thought to deal with his brother; so shall you put away the evil from the midst of you.
The children of Babylon, and the Chaldeans, and the children of Pekkoth, and Shua, and the children of Goa; and all the children of Assyria with them, captains of hundreds, and officers, and captains of hundreds, and riders on horses, all of them devoted young men.
As they worshiped the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Spirit said, Send for me Barnabas and Saul, that they may do the work for me.
If you will receive these prophecies, this is Elijah who comes.
But the children didn't know what this was; but Jonathan and David knew it.
Moses burned the head and the flesh, and the oil, one by one.
Sing to him, and sing to him. Pray for all his wonders.
not their father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's
A rich man thinks that his wealth is his strong city, As a high wall to go up.
It happened, when the captivity came from Babylon to Jerusalem, that Seshabzad took all these captive.
Abimelech said, I don't know who did this, neither did you tell me; but to this day I have heard it.
These shall go up to the mountain of Zion, to judge the mountain of Esau; and the Kingdom shall be Yahweh's.
When king Herod heard of it, his heart was troubled, and all Jerusalem was troubled.
You shall bring Aaron and his sons to the door of the tent of meeting, and wash them with water.
Help me, Yahweh my God, In your loving kindnesses, Save me.
It happened, when I sat at the table, that my sweet ointment poured out its fragrance.
Gad will be a reproach to the army; But he will be a reproach to their feet.
They have blown the trumpet, they have prepared the threshing floor; but no man has gone out to battle; for my wrath has been kindled against all them.
Then there was war again with the Philistines in Gob: and Sibcai the Hoshazite killed a great family, whose name was Shuh.
Kill the ox at the door of the tent of meeting before Yahweh.
He said to them, What are you looking for? They said, Seven loaves.
Esther's dream was to establish the things of Purim, and they were written in the book.
He was angry with his three friends, because they didn't answer them; yet Job the captain of the guard sinned.
In that day you shall tell your sons, This is what Yahweh has done to me when I came forth out of Egypt.
Then all who call on the name of Yahweh shall be saved; for out of Mount Zion and out of Jerusalem shall flee, as Yahweh has spoken; and out of the remnant of the people shall Yahweh call.
Whatever you shall do with your hand, do it with all your might; for there is no work, neither counsel, nor knowledge, neither is there wisdom, in the land where you go.
Then Boaz said to the chief grain bearer whom he had appointed, Whose daughter is this?
The Avvahites made Niphaz and Tarthak; and the Sephardites burnt the sons and the daughters of Sephardim with fire, and gave them to Adrammelech and Anammelech, the gods of Sephardim.
I have not hidden your righteousness from my heart. I have set my eyes on your faithfulness and on your salvation. I have not hidden your loving kindness and your faithfulness in the great assembly.
I asked for this child, and Yahweh gave me what I asked of him.
The fatness of Jeshurun is melted, and you are fat. You have grown fat, and your flesh is slain. He has departed from Yahweh his Maker, and has despise his rock.
There was a man who cut his hand, and the bones of his bones fell into the water. He cried out, and said, Woe, my lord! the bones of this bone are come.
Now when the princes of the Philistines came out to battle, and they came out every day, David prospered more than the servants of Saul; and his name was greatly honored.
The man said, The woman whom you have given me, give me the fruit of her hands, and I will eat.
Then I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, watching the wind on the four sides, so that it could not come on the earth, and on the sea, and on all its trees.
The man who ate the bread was five thousand.
The seven tables, full of the last seven evil angels, came one of them to me, saying, Come, and I will show you the bride of the Lamb.
They will not judge him in righteousness, but will chastise him in parables, saying, What if there are many things that are not theirs? What if there are many things that are not theirs? woe to him who takes them.
Yahweh said, What do I do here, seeing my people have gone into captivity without cause? Yahweh said, Let their rulers cry out, and my name is blasphemed all day long.
The battle was with the angels out of heaven, and the stars came from their riches, and fought with Sisera.
The maiden said to Pharaoh, The women of the Hebrews and the women of Egypt don't differ: they have more strength than the maidens; and before the maidens came, they are conceived.
But I, Daniel, one saw it; for he who was with me didn't see the vision; but he trembled, and fled.
But I left seven thousand men among the children of Israel: their feet didn't pass over Baal, neither did their lips kiss him.
that the man who kills a man, who doesn't repent, but wrongfully kills his neighbor, let him flee there; and if he has fled and entered into the cities, he shall live;
and the head on the brass, with the bands of a man's horn, and the bands of a man's horn, five thousand shekels;
They fell all on the ground, and covered the earth.
For as the ground has multiplied its grain, and the field has multiplied its fruit, so will the Lord Yahweh bring righteousness and praise before all the nations.
I will walk in a perfect way. When will you come to me? I will walk in my house with a perfect heart.
But I preserve my holy name, which the house of Israel blasphemes among the nations where they go.
Yahweh listened to the voice of the children of Israel, and delivered the Canaanites to them; and they destroyed the Canaanites, and all their cities; and the name of that place was called Hormah.
You shall be astonished. You shall be covered with darkness. They have not sinned because of wine. They have sinned because of wine.
So it was, because now the glory was greater than the former, so that the greatness of the glory was ceased.
Remember that you were bondservants in Egypt, and Yahweh your God redeemed you from there: therefore I command you to do so.
Jehoiakim slept with his fathers; and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his place.
When they heard his teaching, they marveled.
They answered Joshua, Because it is certain to your servant that Yahweh your God has commanded Moses his servant to give you all this land, and that he has destroyed all the inhabitants of the land before you, we will not do this thing for your sake.
Woe to you in that time, when evil comes from a far country? When will you run, and seek who will save you? Where will your treasure be?
They shall prepare the lambs morning by morning, the meal offering, and the oil, for a continual burnt offering.
For the cry of Heshbon is come to Elialeh, and continues to Jahaz; and from Zoar to Horonim, and continues to Egloniah: for the waters of Nimri shall dry up.
When Moses' hand was lifted up, the children of Israel were stronger; and when Amalek's hand was lifted up, the men of Israel were stronger.
Judah came near to Joseph, and said, Please, my lord, let your servant speak a word to my lord. Don't be angry with your servant, for you are with Pharaoh.
The scribe came near, and said to him, If you are the Son of God, command the stones to be turned into bread.
Then Abigail arose, and fell on her face, and said, Behold, your handmaid is here. Be a servant, and wash the feet of my lord's servants.
Is there a nation that despises their gods? Yes, they are not God, but my people have taken their glory for a profit.
For God will save Zion, and build the cities of Judah; and they shall possess the land of promise, and dwell therein.
Don't forget the sins of our fathers, which they sinned against us. Bring your loving kindness on us, for we have fallen to the lowest of the heaps.
Son of man, you shall groan and be astonished. You shall astonish before them.
God said, The waters shall yield many living creatures, birds on the surface of the earth, and the stars of the sky.
Let your priests be clothed with righteousness. Let your saints sing with joy.
Ephraim didn't drive out the Canaanites who lived in Gezer: but the Canaanites lived among them, and lived in Gezer.
The Philistines fought, and the children of Israel were slain; and they ran every man to his tent, and killed many. The army of Israel was thirty thousand men.
Most assuredly I tell you, wherever the Good News is preached, everyone will speak of the things that this woman has done, and will remember them.
So they gathered themselves together, and set their hearts to fight against Joshua and against Israel.
and against all the high places, and against all the great mountains;
If a poor man is afflicted, don't be dismayed.
I will eat and drink for them while they are young, and will make them drunk, and will make them glad, and will make them sleep forever and ever, says Yahweh.
and he delivered it, and it was true; and he put the two men on the thorns, and wrote it in the book of the chronicles before the king.
David went up after the word of Gad, after the commandment of Yahweh.
In that day you will ask me nothing more. Most assuredly I tell you, whatever you ask in my name from the Father, he will give you.
You, God, have tested us. You have judged us as silver.
Yahweh will open to you the treasures of his heavens, and he will pour out rain on you, and will bless you in all that is in your hand; and you shall give it to many nations, and you shall not give it.
In the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, to prove the words of Yahweh by Jeremiah, Yahweh stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, to prophesy throughout all the kingdom, and to write commandments, saying,
Then took I my young men by the hand, and sent to all the land of the possession of Israel; for they committed adultery and shameful deeds in Israel.
There he gave him no inheritance, Neither did he have a place to stand where the sword was: but if he had a son at that time, he promised to give him the land, for a possession to him and to his seed.
Solomon gave Hilaim two hundred talents of barley, and twenty talents of barley, for food for his house. So he gave Hilaim year by year.
Behold, seven years shall be found in all the land of Egypt, from the beginning of the year to the end of the year;
For this is not vanity to you, but your life, and your days shall be prolonged, in that you pass over the Jordan into a land to possess it.
On the fifth day you shall offer young bulls, two rams, twelve male lambs a year old without blemish;
The congregation took him out of the camp, and stoned him to death with stones, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
He offered an offering to Eglon the king of Moab; and Eglon was a very fat man.
and to him for the flesh, and for the bowls, and for the spoons, of pure gold; and gold for him to make every bowl of gold; and silver for him to make every bowl of silver;
The horse shall come near, and the chariot shall run riotously: the mighty shall go forth; the Ethiopians and the Puts shall hold their shields, and the men of Lud lift up their bows.
But Jesus held his peace. The high priest said to him, Are you the Christ, the Son of his praise?
He testifies for the things which he hears, and for the things which he sees; and no one accepts his testimony.
They cried there with a loud voice, but no one answered them; for the wicked were proud.
For I will pour out the waters on the thirsty, And pour out the rivers on the dry land; And I will pour out my Spirit on your seed, And my blessing on your generation after you.
They said to him, The disciples of John kept fasting and praying, and the disciples of the Pharisees also fasted, and your disciples drank and ate.
The prostitute enticed him with many words, And urged him with a snare.
It was good for you to do this, but who hindered you so that you didn't believe the truth?
The house of the wicked shall fall, But the tent of the upright shall prosper.
There is no son nor son in his people, Neither is there any left in his home.
Don't let the old man desire wine, but be steadfast in his anger, and have a perfect faith, love, and understanding.
He said, There were two men who took the money of the sacrifice. One took five hundred pieces of silver, and the other fifty.
He did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, according to all that David his father had done.
Why do you hide yourselves? You hide yourself, and don't tell me: I can't bring you back with joy, with singing, with cymbals, and with harps?
The doors of it, and the porches of it, and the palm trees of it, were by the way of the gate toward the east: and when they came up from the seven steps, there were the porches before them.
The hand of Zerubbabel shall make the foundation of the house; and his hand shall execute the work: and you shall know that Yahweh of Armies has sent me to you.
For John continually said to her, Take this woman, and be a wife without knowledge of the law.
Whatever you say or do, give thanks to God the Father according to the will of the Lord Jesus.
As for you, if you will walk before me, as David your father did, and will do according to all that I have commanded you, and will keep my statutes and my ordinances,
For this people has come near to me, and has honored me with their mouth and with their lips, and their heart has departed far from me. They have honored me, but only by the commandment of men.
Teacher, Moses said, If a man dies without a wife, then his brother shall take a wife for him, that he may have children for his brother.
After that Amnon hated him exceedingly, and the hatred of him who hated him was greater than the love of him who loved him. Amnon said to him, Arise, go forth.
When Azariah the high priest, and all the priests, saw that he was leaning on the leprosy, they drove him out of the house; and he himself hurried out, because Yahweh had struck him.
and the gods of the nations that are round about you; far off from you, or far off from you, from one end of the earth to another end of the earth;
Christ is the faithful witness, the resurrection of the firstborn from the dead, and the Lord of kings on the earth.
Therefore his young men shall fall in his street; and all his soldiers shall perish that day, says Yahweh.
All wise men will regard these things, And will remember the loving kindness of Yahweh.
All the congregation sent to the Benjaminites who were on the rock of Rimmon, saying, Give them words of peace.
You shall make altars of boards, and altars of incense among them; and you shall do according to the manner in which I show you on the mountain.
If a man desires to redeem anything of the tenth part, then he shall sell the tenth part for five times the price of it.
Therefore you shall observe to do as Yahweh your God commanded you: you shall not turn aside to the right hand nor to the left.
The fruit of the Spirit, love, joy, peace, perseverance, compassion, understanding, truth,
they went after other gods to serve them, gods which they didn't know, which Yahweh didn't assign to them.
Yahweh was with David in all his dealings.
I tell you, Arise, and take up your mat, and go to your house.
But Yahweh delights in your fathers, and loves them, and chooses their seed among all peoples, even you, as at this day.
Shall he who is taken captive return? Shall he who is taken captive deliver him?
Elisha said, Call him. He went and called him. The woman stood at the door.
He did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, and walked in the way of Jeroboam, and in the sins of the children of Israel which he made to them.
For his horses are many. The dust of his chariots covers you. He enters into your gates, as a man enters into a broken city. Then your city shall be shaken because of the horses, and because of the chariots, and because of the noise of the chariots.
But the day comes that the bridegroom will go into captivity from among them, and they will fast that day.
Yahweh will reign forever.
You have sinned against the righteous. You have killed them. They haven't turned aside from you.
Have the gods of these nations saved the Gozanites, and the Haranites, and the Rezephites, and the Edomites who are at Thelasal?
Thus says Yahweh, whose seed is not of the flesh, but of the promise of God, he who is born of him is God's seed.
It happened after the plague, that Yahweh spoke to Moses, and to Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest, saying,
His seed will be strong in the world. The life of the upright will be blessed.
When Jesus had said these things, he said, How Peter should be glorified by God. He said to him, Follow me.
Though I am righteous, I will not answer him; But they have asked of me from a judge.
Jeroboam's wife did so; and she arose, and went to Shiloh, and came to the house of Ahijah. Ahijah couldn't see with her eyes, because she was old.
Don't tell me how he has dealt with me, as I have dealt with him: I will repay him according to his work.
My iniquities are over my head, As a snare to which I am no more able.
Arise, and go up against Judah, and break it in pieces; and make the son of Tabeel king in the midst of him.
I have dealt with them according to their disobedience, according to their transgressions. I have hidden my face from them.
His roots are in the rock, To the place where the stones meet.
He who is redeemed by Yahweh, let him speak these words, whom he has redeemed out of his enemies' hand:
You shall say, Your servant, from young age even to this day we feed our fathers. So shall you stand in the land of Goshen; for everyone who feeds is an abomination to the Egyptians.
Many lamps were in the midst of our assembly.
He said to him, Be merciful to him. Jesus said to him, Go, do so.
In the twelfth year of our captivity, in the twelfth month, in the fifth day of the month, a man fled from Jerusalem to me, saying, The city is broken down.
The rest said, A little while, and behold, Elijah is coming to save him.
You shall make a great Sabbath on this day; and you shall afflict your heart on this day: it is an ordinance forever.
This also is the case: God will preserve those who are chosen by grace.
If I, my servant and my handmaid, were to argue with me, and I had broken their bonds,
It happened, when the king passed by, that he called to the king, and said, Behold, your servant has gone out, and a man came to me, and he has brought me a man, saying, Keep this man, and if he dies, your life shall be a tribute to his life; and if not, you shall give you a tenth of the money.
This faith has been revealed to his saints from generations past, which was hidden from the people.
Then the sons of the prophets, who were over against him in Jericho, when they saw him, said, The Spirit of Elijah is in Elisha. They came to meet him, and fell on their faces.
Bring the wild animal, and make it a good bowl for me to eat; and I will bless you before Yahweh before my death.
But those who saw them were weaker and weaker, but they were weaker and weaker.
Yahweh saw the children of Israel, and Yahweh knew their doings.
Abram said to the king of Sodom, I have sworn by the Lord of heaven, Yahweh the Most High,
I myself, king Ahaz, have appointed all the vessels of gold that are beyond the River, saying, Do according to all that the scribes and the scribes of the law of God do to you, even to Ezra the priest;
Boaz commanded the young man, saying, If he gathers wheat among the young men, let him be gracious to him, and don't make him ashamed.
They called to themselves false witnesses, saying, This man speaks against this temple, and against the law of Moses.
If a man of God can purify himself once, and have no more iniquity, he shall not offer a sacrifice.
The foot shall tread on it, The sole of the needy, The sole of the afflicted.
Give me, God, a pure heart, That I may have a new and upright spirit within me.
But God sent prophets to them, that he might lead them to Yahweh. The prophets testified against them, but they didn't listen.
But the abomination of God is his mercy, Not the desire of man, Or the pleasure of man.
Go, buy a plot of land, as the Lord commanded me.
Joshua said, Why have you hurt us? Yahweh will also hurt you this day. So all Israel stoned him with stones, and burned him with fire, and stoned him with stones.
Therefore the rest of the heads of fathers' houses and the governors sought to kill Daniel in the midst of the kingdom; but they didn't find him, nor his corruption, nor his disobedience; for he was righteous; therefore they didn't find him, nor his corruption, nor his disobedience.
When the people saw the thunder, the lightning, and the sound of the trumpet, and the sound of the trumpet on the mountain, and when the people saw it, they trembled, and stood afar off;
In your land there is a man whose heart is sanctified by the Spirit of the Holy God: and behold, in the day that your father bears, there is in him light and understanding and wisdom, as in the wisdom of the gods: and your father, king Nebuchadnezzar your father, has made him a prince of the stars, and of the gallows, and of the Chaldeans, and of the gods of peace.
Immediately he spoke with them, saying, Behold, I am, and don't be afraid.
I have filled him with the Spirit of God, that he may be wise, and have understanding, and have knowledge, and may do all things.
How long will the land mourn, And all the grass of the land dry up? For the wickedness of the inhabitants of it, The livestock and the birds of the sky are consumed; For they say, He has not seen our end.
You shall not commit adultery.
They have defiled the house which I have called in my name with their abominations.
The disciples came and told him what they had done. He led them away, and brought them to a city called Bethsaida.
I will set my face against the man, and will cut him off from among the people; for he has offered his sons and his daughters to Molech, and has defiled my sanctuary, and profaned my holy name.
My eyes are heavy with sorrow. All my bodies are like a snare.
He laid the earth on its foundations, that it would not be shaken forever.
On his head was written a watermark, This is the King of the Jews.
If a man doesn't receive you, and you depart from their city, you shall break the dust of your feet, and be a reproach to them.
Speak to the children of Israel, and bring to you the frankincense that is to be savored, that the lamp may be filled continually.
Don't be like the Gentiles, who don't know God.
Elijah said to him, Don't be afraid. Go, do as you have said. But he brought me first a loaf of bread, and brought it to me, and baked it for you, and for your sons.
Therefore I am afflicted, and I am not ashamed; for I know my God, and know that he will keep me in his work until the day of the Lord.
The waters of the king's wrath have swept us away.
For now they will say, We are no king, because we don't fear Yahweh. What will the king do for us?
He said, Do you know why I came to you? Now I am going to fight against the angel of Persia. As I arose, behold, the angel of Helia comes.
Keep counsel for your sake. Keep the knowledge of your lips.
one male goat for a sin offering;
You have girded the mountains with power. You have set the mountains in order with strength.
But if they don't believe in you, and don't believe the first sign, they will believe the second sign, says Yahweh.
David said, Yahweh will deliver me from the roaring of the lions, and from the roaring of the harp. He will also deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine. Saul said to David, Go, and Yahweh will be with you.
Don't be astonished at me, saying, Take your first fruits.'
The king Ahasuerus answered Esther his queen, Who has done this thing with all his heart? Where is the man?
For if we are in trouble, it is to give you comfort and deliverance; and if we are in comfort, it is to give you comfort, that we may persevere in our affliction.
We found there a ship that was about to go to Phoenicia; and we sailed that ship out of the country.
He has entered into my innermost parts with the thorns of the ground.
In the bare stones of the valleys there is your portion. These are your inheritances, which you have inherited. You offer a present to them. Am I quiet in these things?
Because of this, he became a more righteous heir.
He said to them, Now therefore, take the water, and give it to the prostitute. They took it, and gave it to the prostitute.
Then said Toik the Edomite to Saul, When David came to the house of Ahimelech, he made the horn of the teaching, and gave it to the instrument of music, why do you boast about evil? For the loving kindness of God endures forever.
Yahweh will turn the earth into dust and into sand, and he will rain on you from the sky, until you perish.
Are you willing to walk in the ways of ancient men, In the ways of the wicked?
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance;
then the man shall gird up his door, but the flint shall not gird up; and the priest shall isolate the man who feign the flint seven days.
Therefore I give my whole heart to the chosen ones, that they may also receive the salvation of Christ Jesus, and eternal glory.
Yahweh gives strength to his people. Yahweh gives peace to his people.
He didn't allow anyone to persecute them, But for their sake he defended the kings.
You shall observe to do all that I command you; you shall not add to it, nor decrease it.
He brought me forth outside, and brought me into a chamber that was far off, toward the north, over against the house.
Abimelech went up, he and the men who were with him, to Mount Salmund. Abimelech took the axe out of his hand, and cut down a tree, and put it on his shoulder; and he said to the men who were with him, Look at what I have done: also look at what I have done.
Take heed to yourself that your heart not be deceived, so that you don't turn aside, and serve other gods, and worship them.
Therefore no one can say, You will be baptized in my name.
When you see the birds of the sky, they don't sow, they don't gather, they don't gather in the harvest, and your Father feeds them. Aren't you more honorable than the birds?
Paul answered him, I am a Jew, born in Dasoth, which is in Kiriah, a native-born people. Please let me speak to the people.
David said to him, Your blood is on your head; for your mouth has testified against you, saying, I have killed the anointed of Yahweh.
In their land the frogs were abundant, And the king's chambers were full of them.
Who makes a god, And makes an unprofitable idol?
But the princes of the children of Ammon said to Hanun, Didn't David send to comfort you, saying, Behold, he honors your father? Didn't his servants come to you to look at you, and to see the land, to destroy it?
The Jews answered him, We stoned you, not for your good, but because you have profaned God. You are a man, yet you are a thousand times God.
You forgive the sins of your people. You cover all their iniquities. Selah.
The king said to Nathan the prophet, Behold, I dwell in a house of cedar; but the ark of Yahweh dwells in a veil.
He was sixteen years old when he began to reign; and he reigned fifty-two years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Jechariah of Jerusalem.
God will requite everyone according to his works.
The whole land was darkened, even to the third man three times.
Jeroboam reigned twenty-two years; and he slept with his fathers: and Nadab his son reigned in his place.
They will scatter dust like serpents, Like a creeping thing that creeps on the ground. They will tremble at the sound of it. They will be afraid to turn to our God, Yahweh, And be afraid for you.
and Shabbethai and Jehozabad, chief men of the Levites, over the officers of the house of God.
It is better to trust in Yahweh, Than to trust in kings' houses.
Yahweh said to Cain, Why do you be angry? Why do you hide your face?
It is a fool's snare, And a teacher of a young man. If you think that there is a law, then you are mistaken in knowledge and in truth.
He said, Do according to your word. So he sent them out, and they went. He bound the hook with a reed.
He cast the dead bodies and the ashes into all the valleys, and into all the fields, to the brook Kidron, and to the horns of the horse gate eastward; they shall be holy to Yahweh; they shall not go forth, nor fall, forever.
It happened on the eighth day, that they set a solemn assembly; for they offered the offering of the altar seven days, and the feast was seven days.
Philip arose, and went out; and he found a prisoner in the midst of you, the treasurer of Canaan the king of Egypt.
Haven't your eyes, Yahweh, been truth? You struck them, and they didn't grieve; You destroyed, and they wouldn't be judged: They made their face higher than stone, and wouldn't have shaved their heads.
The word of Yahweh came to Elijah, saying,
But forgive the sins of this people according to your loving kindness, As you have forgiven them from Egypt to the present.
Jesus answered them, The time has come for the Son of Man to be glorified.
The king commanded Hilkiah the high priest, and the second priest, and the porter of the gate, to bring out the vessels of the house of Yahweh for Baal, and for Asherah, and for all the multitude of the sky, out of the field beyond the brook Kidron in Jerusalem, and to bring the fire to Bethel.
For Yahweh is coming, he will judge the earth. He will judge the world in righteousness. He will judge all peoples in his faithfulness.
There is no justice in Jacob, neither is there any discernment in Israel: yet come you to Jacob and to Israel, that you may say, God has done great things.
Joshua took all the cities of the kings, and their kings, and struck them with the edge of the sword, and utterly destroyed them, as Moses the servant of Yahweh commanded.
They came to Abel of Beth Maacah, and hid it; and they buried it outside of the city, and hid it over against the city: and Joab and the people who were with him built him a city.
and with him a sister of virgins, that he may defile himself for her.
When you come to the gathering of the firstborn of God, their names will be in heaven; and when you come to the presence of the God of the peoples, you will come to the souls of the righteous who are sanctified.
Her brothers and her mother said, Please let the young lady stay with us for a little while, and then she may go.
He shall lay his hand on the head of the goat, and kill it before Yahweh in the place where he kills the burnt offering; it is a sin offering.
The men of Jabesh Gilead heard all that the Philistines had done to Saul.
The first name was Pisgah, which is in all the land of Hablah; and there was gold.
You shall not flee from the shepherd, Neither shall you escape from the head of the flock.
He spread out the north on the surface of the sky, And hanged it on the surface of nothing.
On the first day of every month, on the first day of every month, you shall take a few pieces of your money, every man according to his own means, that I may not be disappointed when I come to you.
He who preaches good news, and he who preaches peace, and he who preaches good news, and he who preaches salvation, says to Zion, Your God is King. His feet go up to the top of the mountains, and his steps to the top of the hills.
There were on it three branches of a tree, open and ripe; and afterward he cut off a scab and a blot out of a vine.
(Behold, the land of the Chaldeans is no more, and the Assyrians have made it a habitation for wild animals: they have laid their towers waste, they have broken down their palaces, they have made it a desolation.)
In the night my bones are snared with a thief. I am not able to stand.
Let the righteous rejoice in Yahweh. Let the upright praise Yahweh.
The children of Benjamin said, They are still slain before us. The children of Israel said, Let's flee, and let's bring them out of the city to you.
The Hebrews also passed over the Jordan to Gath and Gilgal; and Saul was yet in Gilgal; and all the people trembled and followed him.
and how he dealt with the army of Egypt, and with their horses, and with their chariots, when they pursued after you; and how he made the waters of the Red Sea to cover them, and destroyed them to this day;
But you gave the messengers wine, and commanded the prophet, saying, Don't tell the prophet.
On the east side six Levites, four on the north side, four on the south side, two in the chamber, and two in the dungeon.
Hear, our God, for we are deceived. Put their blasphemies on their heads, That they may be cut off in the land of captivity.
When the rest of the disciples heard it, they were angry with James and John.
The house which I am about to build is great, For our God is great above all gods.
He gave all that he had into Joseph's hand, and took away from him all that he had eaten, and all that he didn't know. Joseph trembled again.
When will he turn his face to me, and let me be alone for a moment, and let me be swallowed up for a moment?
Don't you know? Don't you hear? Yahweh, the God of Armies, he who made the ends of the earth, he will not weep, nor think; His wisdom will not be questioned.
As this, who has heard it? Who has seen all these things? Will a nation be built up in a day? Will a people be born in a moment? But Zion will bring forth sons and daughters when she is afflicted.
He who girds my waist with strength, That my way may be perfect.
He who curses his father or his mother shall surely be put to death.
From the twenty-nineth year of my appointment to the twenty-nineth year of his reign, from the reign of Artaxerxes, even to the twenty-nineth year, in the midst of the twelve years, I and my brothers ate no new wine of the governor.
The silver platters were one hundred thirty shekels, and the bowls seventy shekels; and all the vessels of silver, after the shekel of the sanctuary, were two thousand four hundred shekels.
He set up the wood, and cut the bull into pieces, and put it on the wood, and said, Fill the wood with four measures of water, and pour it on the burnt offering and on the wood.
He put all that was in Aaron's hand, and in the hand of his sons, and waved it for a wave offering before Yahweh.
The king of Israel said to his servants, Don't you know that Ramoth Gilead is ours? why do we hold our peace, and not come out of the hand of the king of Syria?
I will put your children in the hand of Judah, and they shall give them to the children of Sheba, a far country, says Yahweh.
Babylon is a desolation and an astonishment. Weep for her, and take frankincense for her snare. There is no cure for it.
Rejoice on Mount Zion, For your judgments are sound. Rejoice in the cities of Judah.
When no man pursues, as before the sword, they shall stomp on one another; and you shall not stand before your enemies.
The Egyptians have dealt wickedly with us, and have afflicted us, and called us to labor.
Blessed be he who comes in the name of the Lord, Peace be in heaven, Glory to the Most High!
Though you offer a burnt offering and a meal offering to me, I will not rejoice; but if you offer a fattened animal for a sacrifice of peace offerings, I will not be able.
When a man walks, he will walk all the way. He shall not turn back when he walks.
If it is borne in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean, because he has a blemish.
Yahweh will divide you into a portion, and cast you into a broad place, as he does casting out petitions: and there shall die the reproach of your master's house; and there shall be your glory's chariots.
From the time of the judge of Israel even to the time of the king of Israel and of the kings of Judah there was no such Passover made as this.
that the children of men may know your mighty works, The majesty of your kingdom, and your glory.
Pharaoh brought a great army and a great multitude, when they went into the dust to build a tower to destroy the multitude; and he couldn't help him in the war.
But the saints of the Most High will inherit the kingdom forever and ever.
You shall not take your neighbor's house, nor your wife, nor your servant, nor your handmaid, nor your ox, nor your donkey, nor all that your neighbor has.
Therefore Yahweh has rewarded me according to my righteousness, And according to my purification before his eyes.
He cut off the high places, and destroyed the pillars, and cut down Asherim, and broke in pieces the brass of Moses; for the children of Israel burned incense to it at that time, and called it Nephsidan.
but he said to me, You can't build a house for my name; for you are a soldier, and you will be shed with blood.'
So I bought the field of Anathoth, which I had bought from Hanamel the son of my uncle, and gave him ten shekels of silver.
Let my seed be given to others to eat, And the root of my fruit to be sown.
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance.
They bound the hand of the nobles, and brought them to you: they didn't see the great face, neither did they honor it.
The days of his glory, and of his honor, and of his greatness, and of his honor, were many, even one hundred eighty days.
There were four chambers on the east side, three in this chamber, and three in that chamber; and the pillars on the one side, and the pillars on the other side, were the same.
Nadab did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and he walked in the way of his father, and he made atonement for his father for the sins of the children of Israel.
The Lord God delivered up his enemies into your hand, and they glorified him. Abram gave Malchitesheth one of ten parcels of all that he had.
I long for you with my heart, And seek you in the morning with my soul; For you judge the earth, And the people of the earth learn righteousness.
He put a white branch on the ram's snout, and on the snout's snout, and burnt it with the sheep; and when the sheep came to drink water, she was bound.
Ariel Shiloh the sluggard struck me with a great plague: and the Lord recompensed him according to his work.
Then David was in the stronghold; and the garrison of the Philistines was in Bethlehem.
You shall sacrifice to Yahweh your God from your flocks and from your herds, in the place which Yahweh shall choose, to his name.
David's servants came to Abigail to Carmel, and said to him, David sent us to you, that he might take you as wife.
Jeroboam the son of Joash returned to his house, and stayed there.
Peter said to him, Lord, it is good that we are here. If you would like, here I will take three baskets, one for you, one for Moses, and one for Elijah.
Their faith is a open tomb. All of them are mighty men.
I am the widow of the elders, afflicting the elders among you. I am the widow of Christ, afflicted with the glory that is to come.
Then he bowed himself to his disciples, and said to them, Don't tell anyone that he is the Christ.
Look at all the proud, and lay your hand on him. Follow the wicked in the land where they stand.
So Yahweh delivered Hezekiah out of the hand of Sennacherib king of Assyria, and all his enemies, and gave them rest round about.
Will you be wrathful to us forever? Will you go back and forth in your anger?
You shall be astonished at the cities that are far off, and far from you, and at those that are far off from you.
You shall make a shield of pure gold, and write on it according to the script, saying, The Lord Yahweh is holy.
You didn't store his words in your heart, because you didn't believe him whom he sent.
When he opened the third seal, I heard a third living creature saying, Come, and when I saw it, I saw a ram riding on a horse, and those who rode on it with their hands on their backs.
Now, Lord, what shall I wait? My hope is in you.
Shall a man hold his peace when you rejoice? shall no man make you ashamed when you lay his hands on you?
The meal offering and the drink offering shall not come into the house of Yahweh; but the priests who serve Yahweh mourn.
Seven days you shall keep the feast of Yahweh in the seventh month, on the fifteenth day of the month, in the harvest of your land: the first day shall be a holy rest, and the eighth day a holy rest.
A man departs from his place, and wanders away, As a bird departs from its cup of snares.
Isaiah said, Yahweh will do what he says. This is the sign that Yahweh will give you.
The lord of it was very angry, and put him in prison, and was punished, until he had made the whole sacrifice perfect.
In many cities there is lamentation, and the heart of the wounded mourns; But God doesn't look for the unrighteousness.
Joseph returned, and buried his father. There were with him all the servants of Pharaoh, and the elders of the house of Pharaoh, and all the elders of the kingdom of Egypt,
For there was a rooster and a snare in the midst of it;
Arise, Yahweh, fight against him, and strike him. Deliver my life with your sword from the wicked.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Five of you shall chase one hundred men, and five of you shall chase one hundred men: and your enemies shall fall by the sword before you.
Yahweh said to me, The thing which they have spoken is good.
The inheritance of the children of Simeon was from the inheritance of the children of Judah; for the portion of the children of Judah was small: therefore the children of Simeon were given in their inheritance.
I will cast abominable things on you, and will dishonor you, and cause your eyes to see.
The birds of prey are in the midst of it. They will dwell in the midst of the oaks.
So we will give thanks to you forever, as your people and as the sheep of your pasture. We will praise your name forever and ever.
Will you also raise us up, That your people may rejoice in you?
When he heard that he was praying at the door of the temple, he feared and was amazed at the things that happened to him on the new earth.
God gives food to all life, For his loving kindness endures forever.
You have a vow from God, but don't keep it. For he doesn't delight in fools. You have a vow.
You shall scatter them, and the wind shall sweep them away, and the whirlwind shall sweep them away; but you shall rejoice in Yahweh, and rejoice in the Holy One of Israel.
Woe to the nations of iniquity, and to the peoples of sin, and to the sanctuaries of evil, and to the children of devastation! For they have turned away from Yahweh, and have despise the Holy One of Israel, and have turned away from him.
Therefore I love your commandments above gold, And above pure gold.
I have made a covenant with you, as with my father and with your father: now I have given you silver and gold: take away the covenant that you made with Baasha king of Israel, and let him go from me.
Therefore thus says Yahweh to me: If you return, I will cause you to return to stand before me; and if you bring out of the midst of the earth precious men, you shall be my servant; and they shall return to you; but you shall not return to them.
A rich man is wise in his own eyes, But the poor and needy see him out of their own eyes.
Yahweh blessed Noah and his sons, and said to them, Be fruitful, and fill the earth.
and the first fruits of our offering, and the offering of our sacrifice, and the fruit of every tree, and the new wine and the oil, he brought to the priests into the treasuries of the house of our God; and the tithe of our harvest he gave to the Levites in the treasuries of the house of our God; for the Levites had tithes in all the cities of our land.
Yahweh, your name shall be forever. Yahweh, your name shall be forever.
For God is faithful. We are not slack in words, neither are we slack in deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of
My heart is filled with bad words. I speak of the words which I have spoken for the king. My tongue is a pit of idleness.
As I went about the city, behold, a altar was found in the place where you worshiped, written like this: it was offered to a spirit that you didn't know: now will I come and tell you that you worshiped this spirit which you didn't know.
But he is my rock and my salvation. He is my stronghold, and I will not be moved.
It happened after the death of Sann, that I went up to Jerusalem, and worshiped Peter, and stayed with him fifteen days.
God brought him forth out of Egypt, like the strength of an ox. He will devour the nations. He will break their bones. He will pass over them with his sword.
He said to his disciples, There were many harvesters, and few harvesters.
It happened on the third day, on the first day of Pharaoh's life, that he made a feast for all the servants, and killed the chief priests and the chief cooks before these servants.
There lived a man named Lazarus in Bethany, in the village of Mary and Martha, his mother's brother.
Elijah said to them, If I am a man of God, let fire come down from heaven, and devour you and the fifty men. Then the fire of Yahweh came down from heaven, and devoured him and the fifty men.
At that time all Israel was divided into two parts: one third followed Tephani the son of Chenad, to make him king; and the other third followed Omri.
When he found him, he brought him to Antioch; and they gathered themselves together with the assembly, and taught many. They were called the Christens, from Antioch.
You came to Jesus, the anchor of the covenant, and to the blood that was poured out, which was better than the blood of Abel.
Therefore the children of Israel didn't stand before their enemies; for they turned their backs before their enemies, because they were cursed; and if you didn't take the things which you should offer, and put them away from you, I would not be with you any more.
They swore one to another in the morning. Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in peace.
According to the commandment of Yahweh made he an inheritance for Caleb the son of Jephunneh out of the house of Judah, Kiriath Arba, and Hebron; and Alba was the father of the Anakim.
Now therefore hear what Yahweh says: Arise, and make your argument before the mountains, that the hills may hear your voice.
Samuel spoke the kingdom to the people, and wrote it in a book, and put it before Yahweh: and Samuel scattered the people, and went every man to his house.
You shall choose wise men, and be wise, and have confidence, and have hope, according to your tribes, that I may make them your princes.'
Let's build one another up, and let's build one another up. Let's build one another up, and let's build one another up.
When he had made an end of speaking, Festus cried with a loud voice, You, Paul, are in a great strait! Your words have made you a great strait!
If you see the donkey of him who hates you falling down, don't go far: you shall keep the donkey that fell down with him.
Isaac was very afraid, and trembled, and said, Who is he? You have not yet come, but have brought to me what he has struck. I have eaten, and blessed him, and he shall surely be blessed.
For the righteous fall seven times, And rise up again. The wicked are destroyed.
then hear in heaven your prayer, and do according to all that the Gentiles ask of you; that all the peoples of the earth may know your name, and fear you, as your people Israel, and that they may know that I have made this house holy by your name.
Leah said, God has given me a wage, because I gave my handmaid to my husband. She named him Issachar.
If you will do this very thing, then you shall be king over David, and over his servants, and over his people, and over his chariots, and over his horses, and over the gates of this house.
one young bull, one ram, one male lamb a year old, for a burnt offering;
He will deliver me from all my troubles. My eyes will see my enemies recompensed.
But Yahweh said to Samuel, Don't look at his beauty, nor at the greatness of his body; for I have cast it away: for Yahweh sees no man, but Yahweh sees a foreigner.
But if your people Israel, because they have sinned against you, be slain before their enemies, and they turn to you, and call on your name, and pray to you in this house;
But Moses stretched out his hand; and they took a stone, and put it under him; and he sat on the stone, and Aaron and Hur stretched out their hands, one on this side, and another on that side; and their hands were in order until the sun had come down.
Therefore, if you hear the voice of God this day, don't harden your heart, as in the rebellion of your fathers.
If the animal is taken from the guard, it shall be sold to its owner.
David said to the messenger, Thus shall you tell Joab, Don't wait for this thing; for the sword has slain a man, and he is not able to live: be strong again against the city, and fall on him.'
He will make them to walk in his statutes, And to keep his ordinances. Praise Yah!
You shall divide the land which Yahweh your God gives you to possess it into three parts: and you shall open it to you, that all those who kill it may flee there.
Behold, the kings are gathered together, and they pass there together.
The arrows of the sword went in, and the arrows of it struck the oil; for they didn't shoot out of their stomachs; but they went out by the side of their feet.
He measured the house that was behind him, on the one side, and the porch on the other side, one hundred cubits; and he measured the house, and the porch of the court.
But Paul thought that he didn't say so, for this John had left them in Pamphylia, and didn't cooperate with them.
The men of Dan looked behind them, and said to Micah, What do you do, that you gather these men together?
Now I know that Yahweh is better than these gods, that he has done proudly to these peoples, even to the Egyptians.
Samuel said, Bring Agag king of Amalek to me. Agag calmly came before him; and Agag said, The affliction of death shall pass away.
He gave thanks to the God of the Red Sea, Pharaoh, and his army; for his loving kindness endures forever:
When I have passed through Macedonia, I will come to you.
He cried with a loud voice, saying, He who believes in me doesn't believe in me, but he who sent me.
Rejoice continually.
The Son of Man will also come as Noah did.
Woe to those who fill houses, and those who fill fields, so that there is no shelter; but you shall stand in the land.
In the third day he shall cleanse himself with the water; and in the seventh day he shall be clean: but if he is not clean in the third day, he shall be unclean in the seventh day.
The disciples therefore came and asked him, Why do you speak to them in parables?
Declare this in the midst of the nations, and prepare war, and raise up mighty men, that all things may be unpunished.
If a stone in his hand is laid on him who dies, and he dies, he is a murderer, and the murderer shall surely be put to death.
For Haman the son of Hammetatha the Agagite, the father of the children of Hametatha, the enemy of the men of Judah, has devised a war against the men of Judah, to destroy them, and to break in pieces Pul, the axe, to destroy them, and to destroy them;
that he who created all things, and who sought to bring many into glory, that Jesus, who was crucified, should come out of the affliction and from the affliction, he should be glorified.
They broke down the pillars of Baal, and broke down the house of Baal, and made it a fortress to this day.
When he has washed him, the priest shall examine him, and, behold, if the plague is worse, then he shall tear it from the garment, or from the skin, or from the hair, or from the skin.
He shall kill the bull before Yahweh; and Aaron's sons the priests shall offer the blood, and sprinkle the blood at the door of the Tent of Meeting, and on the altar round about.
Stand in the temple, and proclaim to all the people the testimony of this life.
He brings the sin of the wicked on them. He will destroy them when they do evil. Yahweh our God will destroy them.
Let the day of my birth be cursed. Let the day of my mother's birth be without blessing.
For the sake of the truth of the Good News, we didn't appoint a centurion to them.
Thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will bring evil on this place, and on the inhabitants of it, even the curses which are written in the book of the prophecy before the king of Judah.
Then he went and called the porters, and told them to the king's house.
Now Josiah burned the altar and the top of the mountain that was built in Bethel, and Jeroboam the son of Nebat, which Israel had sinned: and he burned the altar and the top of the mountain; and he burnt the top of it, and he poured out water for it, and poured out the Asherah.
The priest shall take the wave offering, and shall wave it before Yahweh: and it shall be holy, with the wave offering, and with the horn of it, and shall be given to the priest; and he shall drink wine afterward.
Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
The wicked says in his heart, You will not be saved. Why does he despise God?
If you cause your brothers to be afflicted with your food, then your ways don't come out of love. You shall not destroy your food for Christ's sake, who died for him.
He sweeps the mountain, and the mountain doesn't know it. His anger is kindled, and he brings the mountain down.
God doesn't call us by our uncleanness, but by our holyness.
Thus shall you say to your neighbor, and to your brother, What will Yahweh answer? What will Yahweh say?
So your faith will be established, and you will be holy before our God and Father, when he comes, and his saints with him.
Deliver me from those who do evil, And from those who desire the life of men.
Go to the priests the Levites, and to the judges of the day, and inquire of them; and they will testify against you.
Come, see my hands and my feet, and know that I am myself; and touch them, and know, for there is no bone nor flesh. Touch them, and see, I am all of you.
I will call on the Most High, the God who has done all things to me.
They are for Yahweh their God, and for David their king, whom I will raise up.
But Yahweh testified to Israel and to Judah by the prophets and by the prophets, saying, Depart from your evil ways, and keep my commandments and my statutes, and do according to all that I have commanded your fathers, and by my servants all the prophets, to give you a perfect law.
Jesus said to him, This is what we are talking about with you.
Then I opened my mouth, and he gave me the book.
But his power endures among our saints, From the beginning even to the end.
They said one to another, Who did this? They asked one another, and said, This is what Gideon the son of Joash did.
Jacob rebelled against Laban, the Syrian, and fled, and didn't tell him.
The glory of Lebanon, the olive tree, and the olive tree, and the pomegranate tree, shall be with you, that I may set my sanctuary in order; and I will give glory to my footstool.
Speak to all the people of the land, and to the priests, saying, You have come seventy years, and have fasted in the fifth month and in the seventh day: are you fasting for me, or do you fast for me?
He who is first among you shall be your bondservant.
Lift up your eyes, Jerusalem, and see, you men of the north. Where is the flock which was given to you, your beautiful flock?
He threw out a great bull, and threw it into the sea, and sent it throughout all Israel, saying, So shall it be done to the bull that doesn't follow Saul and Samuel. Yahweh made the people afraid, and they hurried.
He shall stand on the two sides of the bird, and break it; but he shall not break it; and the priest shall burn it on the wood that is on the altar on the fire: it is a burnt offering, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
and give Solomon my son a heart of truth, to keep your commandments, and your ordinances, and your statutes, and to do all these things together, and to build the house that I have prepared.
Deliver me according to your righteousness. Release me. Turn your ear to me, and save me.
The seed of Abraham his servant, The seed of Jacob whom he has chosen,
Therefore we have sent Judah and Shelah; and they will tell you the things which are written in the book of the Bible, and in the cup.
Behold, the day of Yahweh comes, and it shall be wrath, and wrath, and great wrath, to make this land desolate, and to cut off from it those who sin.
He buried him in the grave of his own house in the field of Uzza; and Josiah his son reigned in his place.
It happened in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, the son of Elishah, the king's brother, took ten men with him, and struck Gedaliah, and the Jews who were with him at Mizpah, and the Chaldeans.
I will tell God, Don't let me be guilty, but test me. For what do you contend with me?
Then the king went out, and all his household with him; and the king left behind ten others to build his house.
But fear Yahweh, and serve him with all your heart and with all your soul; for you shall remember that he has done great things for you.
They brought in the ark of Yahweh, and set it in its place, in the tent which David made for it: and David offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before Yahweh.
Jacob came from Paddan Aram, and God appeared to him, and blessed him.
saying, I will not enter into the tent of my house, Neither will I wash my bed;
You have made the counsel of the needy to fail; But Yahweh will be their refuge.
So also is the dead, who are raised from the dead. The body that is buried in the dust will be barren, and when they are raised, they will be barren.
Abijah grew strong, and took ten wives, and bore twenty-two sons and six daughters.
This is the bread that comes down out of heaven, that they may eat, and not die.
He said, What is like the Kingdom of God? What shall I recompense with?
My soul said to Yahweh, You are my Lord, and I will not be blessed without you.
The younger also bore a son, and named him Benjamin, the father of the children of Ammon.
Don't rebuke your father, as you afflict your father; As you afflict your brother from the young,
They did so before the throne of God, and served him day and night in his holy temple; and he who sits on the throne was with them to keep them.
If anyone asks you anything, give him it. If anyone takes your goods, don't return them.
He made the censers of the iniquity of those who had sinned against their lives a covering, and set up the altars: for they offered them before Yahweh, which are holy, that they might be a watchman to the children of Israel.
The wicked will receive a bribe in secret, And will be punished harshly.
You inhabitants of Dibon, come down from the words of your glory, and sit in the dry land; for the destruction of Moab has come up against you, and has destroyed your strongholds.
Hear, Job, my words. Hold your peace, and I will speak.
The voice of Yahweh makes the mother astonished to bear a son, And makes the trees of the forest green and shining. All who dwell in the house cry, Glory to Yahweh.
They sought me day and night, and were glad to know my ways, as a righteous people, that didn't depart from the law of their God: and they sought me in righteousness, and were glad to come near to God.
and for the blood of those who didn't sin, because he filled Jerusalem with the blood of those who didn't sin, which Yahweh would not forgive.
You bring the widow to nothing. The fatherless are broken in pieces.
I will release the remnant of my inheritance, and will deliver them into the hand of their enemies; and they shall become the great ones whom all their enemies have taken away;
Joab went to the king, and said, What have you done? Behold, Abner came to you: why have you sent him away? Now he has departed.
The priest shall sprinkle the blood with a spade before Yahweh from the veil of the sanctuary seven times.
Brothers, we have a division with you for a while, a division of the body: our heart is not far from you, but we are eager to see you.
None of those who sat at the table knew that he had said these things to him.
If he doesn't receive from the one his share of the inheritance, then he shall be free from the inheritance, and shall not be redeemed with money.
But you came to Mount Zion, the city of the living God, to Jerusalem in the sky, and there were thousand and thousands of angels.
and you shall take a great army, and ride on horses, and ride on chariots, according to the army which you have lost; and we shall fight with them in the plain, and we shall be encamped: and the king listened to them, and did so.
Now therefore forgive me my sin, and return with me, that I may worship Yahweh.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: The dead that you have laid in this city are flesh, and this city is a tower; but you shall be driven out of the midst of it.
The man, the Lord of the land, said to us, If it please me that I may know that you are honest, let one of your brothers be with me, that you may return with grain, and save the famine of your house.
I, Paul, greet you in my own house.
I will turn your feasts into mourning, and your ephod into groaning; and I will make all the people to gird themselves with sackcloth, and have no hairy hair on their heads; and I will make them mourn like a dead child, and to the end like a day of affliction.
For you are the glory of their strength. Our horns are lifted up because of you.
Then came Isaiah the prophet to king Hezekiah, and said to him, What say these men? Where have they come to you? Hezekiah answered, From a far country, even from Babylon, have they come to me.
Therefore he who disobeys this teaching disobeys no man, but the God of your Spirit who disobeys.
My soul is turned away from me. The days of trouble hold me back.
I saw the ram that was next to him, and was angry toward him, and took the ram, and broke the horns of it; and the ram had no strength to stand before him: and he laid the ram on the ground, and trod on it; and there was none who could deliver the ram out of his hand.
He said, The Jews have spoken a good word, and have sought to inquire of him again. Please bring Paul to the assembly tomorrow.
His sons went up every man to his brother's house to eat and to drink, according to their days; and he sent to meet their three sisters, and to eat and to drink with them.
You shall grind it with stone, and not with honey: you shall take away your robe, and take off your turban, and remove your soles, and carry it over the brook.
Most assuredly I tell you, when you are young, you shall be bound to the place where you want to go; but when you are old, you shall stretch out your hand, and they shall bound you to the place where you don't want to go.
and all the cities of gold that Barak had, and all the cities of Solomon, and the cities of chariots, and the cities of horsemen, and all that Solomon had built for his pleasure in Jerusalem, and in Lebanon, and in all the land of his rule.
The men of Jerusalem and the men of Judah were carried away captive to Babylon; and Jeremiah also was carried away captive by the captain of the guard, and bound with iron; and they let him go from Ramah; and the word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah.
Hold your peace, daughter of Chaldea, and enter into the darkness; for you shall no more be called the daughter of the nations.
God said, I will judge the kingdom that is given to them for bondservants. Then I will cause them to come out, and worship in this place.'
The king's wrath is like a lion's wailing. His grace is like the iniquity of a grasshopper.
He asked them when their sons had grown up. They said to him, One hour and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a
Now, what will we say, when he speaks to us? Who will be against us, if he speaks to us?
Cursed be he who receives a bribe, and commits iniquity. All the people shall say, Amen.
You shall not make a pillar for yourself; for Yahweh your God hates it.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: In the day that he goes down to Sheol I make a mourning; and I cover the depths, and bind the rivers, and cause the waters to cease; and I make Lebanon a desolation for him; and all the trees of the field are gone down because of him.
The wings of the cherubim were twenty cubits; and the wings of the one cherub were five cubits; and the wings of the other cherub were five cubits; and the wings of the other cherub were five cubits.
All the Egyptians shall know that I am Yahweh; for they have been a snare for the house of Israel, an unprofitable rod.
and there was on the top of it all the bread that Pharaoh had eaten, and birds that were in the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the
But I tell you, whoever has a wicked heart, and sees a woman, he has committed adultery with her in his heart.
Those who believe are able to enter into the rest of his gift. As he said, I swore in my wrath, They can't enter into my rest. But the work of God is finished in creation.
He killed the ram, and Moses sprinkled the blood on the altar round about.
Jacob said to Laban, The days are fulfilled. Give me my wife, that I may lodge with her.
Now all the engraved images of the sanctuary have been broken to them with axes and arrows.
So you will be sure that he will not give gold to his father, or to his mother.
The sons of Hasper built the Sheol; and they made its crown, and set up its doors, and its sockets, and its bars.
Then said the people of the city to Elisha, See now if this city is good, as my lord has seen; but sin is evil, so that there is no yield in the land.
Yahweh is living. Let my rock be blessed. Yahweh be exalted, the rock of my salvation.
and in Ziklag, and in Meganah, and in the villages of it;
Arise, go to Nineveh, the great city; lift up your voice, and warn them; for their sin comes before me.
He said to the man, Arise, go, and let your faith make you well.
So that Satan wouldn't rule over us, for we are well-pleasing in Satan's throne.
They were clothed, and put on their garments, and their robes, and their coats, and their rest of their clothing, and they were cast into the burning fiery furnace.
So the kingdom of Jehoshaphat was quiet, because his God gave him round about peace.
My sister, my love, I have entered into my garden. I have taken my sachets and my spices. I have eaten my wine and my honey. I have drunk my wine and my milk. I have drunk my wine and my milk. My friends, eat and drink.
There was a sapphire in the midst of the rock, and there was gold in it.
Wash yourselves, and put away your wickedness from before my eyes, And make your work evil.
Therefore the Jews argued among themselves, saying, Why does this man give us his flesh to eat?
All the branches and the flowers were of one piece with it, of pure gold, made according to the pattern of the stroke.
Brothers, yes, we say it, but we know that you are better than we say it, and you will be saved.
He who has a parable is a devil. He who has a parable is a angel, and he who has a parable.
They cried out from the mountains and from the hills, and said, Come down and hide us, that we may escape the wrath of him who sits on the throne, and of the Lamb.
Behold, you are no more, and your doings are nothing; but that which is best for you is abominable.
Make you therefore a ruler, not for the wrath of God, but for the patience of your hearts.
For the judgment of his people he will call for heaven and earth.
The bull of the sin offering, and the goat of the sin offering, whose blood has come into the sin offering into the sanctuary, their flesh shall go out of the camp, and they shall burn their skin, and their flesh, and their dung with fire.
For we know by this that Christ died for us in love, and that we should also die for our brothers and for our sisters.
He brought out the priests out of the cities of Judah, and defiled the high places of the burnt offering, from Geba even to Beersheba; and he broke down the high places of the gates, which were before Joshua the ruler of the city, on the right side of the gate.
The man of God sent to the king of Israel, saying, Be careful that you don't pass through the land of your wife; for there the Syrians are come down.
For they offered freely, and all the people rejoiced; for they gave freely to Yahweh; and the king David greatly rejoiced all the days of his life.
Your kingdom is come. Your will is great. Your earth is like heaven.
He opened the door to the north; and he measured the length of it.
Therefore all his evil will come in one day: death, mourning, and famine; and he will be consumed with fire; for God his Lord will be mighty in judgment.
Ahaziah was in Samaria, and Jehu was with him; and they took him, and brought him to Jehu; and they killed him, and buried him: for they said, He is the son of Jehoshaphat, who sought Yahweh with all his heart. So the house of Ahaziah had no power to keep the kingdom.
To recompense the nations, To punish the nations.
I have heard you in my ears. My eyes have seen you.
If my heart causes a woman to go astray, Or if I hide myself at the door of my neighbor's house,
So is the rock, and so is the sand. The wrath of the fool is greater than these.
As a donkey roars in the forest, As a roe on a thorn tree.
Fear of Yahweh is a root of knowledge, But fools despise wisdom and instruction.
You will have a battle with God, and your heart will fight against him, and you will do evil.
The rest took his servants, and blasphemed them, and killed them.
The army of the guard was like a fattened calf, who turned back, and fled together, and couldn't stand: for the day of their calamity was come, when they were punished.
That the servants of God may have a good inheritance, that they may serve in all good works.
I will affix Rabhak and Babylon to my people; and behold, the Philistines, and Tyre and Ethiopia are in Zion.
Jesus answered them, Be careful that no one deceives you.
For he who called you is a faithful God, who will surely establish you in this way.
Then there was a certain Zoroah of the Danites, whose name was Manoah: his wife was barren and unmarried.
How is Christ reconciled with the devil? What is the fruit of faith over those who don't believe?
He said to me, The chambers that are on the north and on the south are holy chambers, which are before the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the
The birds of prey are in the way of the sky, The serpents in the way of the rock, The sand in the way of the sea, The south wind is against you.
Yahweh was angry with the children of Israel, and delivered them into the hand of those who cut them off; and they cut them off; and he didn't give them into the hand of the enemy round about, so that they didn't stand before the enemy any more.
This shall say, I am Yahweh's; and this shall call himself Jacob's, and this shall be like it: Yahweh's, and this shall call himself Israel's.
Why do you tremble, my soul? Why do you tremble in my midst? Look to Yahweh, for I still praise him. He is the glory of my face, my God.
For you have heard that he gave me this gift for your sake.
But as Peter stood outside at the door, one of the high priest's disciples, who was a disciple of him, went out to speak to the woman who was at the door, and brought him in.
The water that remains is sweet, But the bread that is stolen is sweet.
I didn't know him, but I came to baptize in water, that the children of Israel might know him.
You have established your people Israel for yourself forever. You, Yahweh, are their God.
Beloved, love your wives, as Christ loves the assembly, and exalt yourself for the assembly.
By the border of Asher, from the east side to the west side, Naphtali, one portion.
Take her as wife, and give her to their sons, that they may serve their gods.
But let God speak, And open his mouth to you.
The priest shall take some of the blood of the sin offering with his finger, and put it on the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and pour out the blood on the feet of the altar of burnt offering.
They cry, but no one saves them. They cry to Yahweh, but he doesn't answer.
These are the men whom Yahweh commanded to give the inheritance to Israel in the land of Canaan.
and he listened to the nations which Yahweh drove out before Israel, and to the statutes of the kings of Israel.
They shall make a ark of acacia wood. Its length shall be two and a half cubits, and its breadth a cubit and a half, and its height a cubit and a half.
Shall I speak? I have no time to inquire concerning Gideon, or concerning Baalath, or concerning Samson, or concerning Jephthah, or concerning David, or concerning Samuel, or concerning all the prophets.
He said to them, Why do men say that the Christ is the seed of David?
The length of all the curtains shall be twenty-eight cubits, and the breadth four cubits: the curtains shall be of equal length.
Hear the word, and you will be wise. Don't disobey my word.
and he himself bears our iniquities in the cross, that we may escape from death, and live in righteousness; and you have received healing from his wounds.
So you also, when you do a great service, say, We are a servant of no service, and we have worked hard to make a living.'
Now these have taken me as their inscription, and as their signet.
Speak to the congregation, and tell them, You shall depart from the tents of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram round about.
But of the firstborn among the animals, whether it be ox or sheep, if he has become the firstborn of Yahweh, let him not sanctify him any more; for he is Yahweh's.
Before they were consumed, their foundations were taken away by the flood.
Now the word of my lord concerning wheat, and concerning barley, and concerning oil, and concerning wine, let faith be given to the servants.
He said to them, Who are you? Do you say that I am? Peter answered, You are the Christ.
I am Paul, called by the will of God, and apostle of Jesus Christ. I, and my brothers, Simon and Susanne,
and shall be no more defiled any more by idols, or by abominations, or by all iniquity: I will deliver them out of all their habitations, from where they have sinned; I will cleanse them; so shall they be my people; I will be their God.
But you despise the poor. Aren't they those who oppress you and carry you away captive?
My people, clothe yourselves with sackcloth, and put it in the midst of the fire; and be mourned, as the firstborn, and weep with a weeping heart; for the slain shall come suddenly into the midst of us.
Jesus said that Lazarus was dead, but they believed that he was indeed asleep.
There were altars in the house of Yahweh, which Yahweh had made, saying, I will set my name in Jerusalem.
He shall cleanse the house with the blood of the bird, and with the water of the bird, and with the cedar wood, and with the hyssop, and with the ink.
and four hins for a meal offering; both for burnt offering, and for sacrifice, to Yahweh.
You shall put a linen cloth of blue on the turban, which is before the turban.
It happened, when Sennacherib king of Assyria and all his army were come against Lachish, that he sent his servants to Hezekiah king of Judah, and to all the Jews who were in Jerusalem, saying,
I also am as one who doesn't hear, And has no answer in his mouth.
Paul, a servant of God, and apostle of Jesus Christ, appointed to help the faith of the saints of God, and to bring them to know the truth of our faith.
The altar was broken, and the ashes of the altar were poured out, according as the man of God listened to the voice of the word of Yahweh.
Now therefore I am not worthy to be your son. Make my service to you good.'
Behold, I come against the prophets who have sinned against his companions, says Yahweh.
When you see it from the south, you say, It will be hot,' and it is hot.
Joab the son of Zeruiah began to number him; but the wrath of Yahweh was kindled against Israel in this matter: therefore he was not numbered until now; and his number was not numbered among the kings of David.
My brothers, I thought to write to you in this day's letter, that we might all be saved, but I wrote to you in this day's letter, that you should preach the faith of the saints once for all for God's sake.
Most assuredly these words are true. I desire that you will set forth these things, that the man who believes in God may do them with all your heart and with all your soul. These things are good, and they are profitable for all.
I swear by myself, because you have done this thing, says Yahweh, and have not left your son, the son of your offspring:
Pray for us, and pray to God, that we may preach the word, and proclaim the word of Christ. I am in prison for this.
Yahweh said to Moses, Put Aaron's rod before the ark of the testimony, and leave it, and make it a border for the rebels; and you shall cause them to cease from my murmurings, that they not perish.
He begged him, saying, My young lady is about to die: please lay your hand on her, that she may be healed, and rise again.
Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, the three men, were bound, and went down into the midst of a burning fiery furnace.
He offered the burnt offerings to Yahweh on the Sabbaths, and on the new moons, and on the feasts, according to the number of the names, and according to the order, continually before Yahweh.
They run like a mighty man, They walk in a city like a mighty man, They walk every man according to his ways.
For, as I saw, if a man is poor, and doesn't show his cause, he is not worthy of you.
It happened, while they were still talking with him, that the king's guard came, and called Haman to the banquet that Esther had prepared.
Absalom fled to Geshur, and lived there three years.
Say you, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: This city shall shed blood in it, and shall bring on it the days of its days; and it shall be defiled with idols, and shall destroy it.
So Aaron shall enter into the sanctuary: one bull for a sin offering, and one ram for a burnt offering.
Let the iniquities be continually before Yahweh, That he may destroy their name from off the face of the earth.
Joseph answered Pharaoh, This is not mine. Yahweh has shown Pharaoh peace.
We know that the Son of God is come, and that he has raised us up to know the true God. We are one God with the true God, for we are one God with his Son Jesus Christ. This is a true God, and eternal life.
Absalom said, Why hasn't Herod made me judge in this place? For I will judge righteously, everyone who comes to me with a cause to be judged.
It happened on the seventh day, when the sun shone, that they rose up early in the morning, and numbered the cities according to this manner seven times: but the same day they numbered the cities seven times.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: Examine your ways.
There shall come ships out of Kittim, and they shall afflict Assyria, and they shall afflict Eber; and he shall perish forever.
The priest shall take a small portion of the fat that is in the reed, and lay it in his own hand.
Then came the heads of fathers' houses of the sons of Joseph, of the sons of Manasseh, and of the sons of Gilead, of the sons of Machir the son of Manasseh, before Moses and before the princes of the fathers' houses of the children of Israel, saying,
Therefore let's not hold fast to the precepts of Christ, but let's set ourselves in order to the fullness of the Spirit, that we may believe in God no more through the works of death;
If I were to number, it would be more than the sand of the seas. When I lay down, I would be with you.
This is the God of the house of Israel, who chose our fathers, and made them a great people in the time that they lived in Egypt, and brought them out of Egypt with a mighty hand;
There was written in his nostrils and in his knees a name: The King, the Lord of lords.
Pharaoh called to Moses and Aaron, and said, Go, sacrifice to your God in this land.
The law is a commandment to your servant. It is a great commandment.
When they had returned, the angel of the Lord commanded Joseph, saying, Arise, take the child with his mother, and flee to Egypt, and come to me, and I will tell you; for Herod is seeking the child to kill him.
If I say to the devil, You are my father,' Or to the creeping things, You are my mother, my sister,'
The waters of the sea shall be cut off, And the rivers shall be dried up.
In that day they will sing this song in the land of Judah, saying, We have a strong city, and he will make it a wall of salvation, and a fortified city.
You, Babylon, I have made a snare for you, and you have caused it to stumble, and you have not known it: you have caused it to stumble, because you are against Yahweh.
Isn't it a stumbling block for you to suffer these things? It is a stumbling block.
She said, All that you have commanded me, so will I do.
Ahimaaz cried to the king, Peace be upon you! He fell on his face to the ground before the king, and worshiped, and said, Blessed be Yahweh your God, who has delivered to you those who went up against my lord the king.
Those of us who have power, let them now rule over the weak. Don't ask for your own gain.
The gates of the city shall be according to the names of the tribes of Israel: and on the north side three gates: the gate of Reuben one, the gate of Judah one, and the gate of Reuben one.
Jehoiakim was twenty-five years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Zebedee the daughter of Petaiah of Ramah.
They will burst into pieces, but they won't burst into pieces, because the former was different from the latter. Then I woke up.
On the fifth day Shummim the son of Zerusidei, prince of the children of Simeon
Jehu said, Go with me, and see my zeal for Yahweh. He set him on his chariot.
He took up his parable, and said, Balaam the son of Beor says, He who has his eyes open says,
Every man and animal that is in all the land of Egypt, both man and animal, is struck with a stone, and all the grass of the field is struck with a stone, and all the trees of the field are broken.
The captain of the guard delivered them to Joseph, and he waited for them; and they were in the prison a long time.
Your servant dwells among the peoples whom you have chosen. These peoples are so many that they can't be counted.
We have seen our signs no more, neither have we seen prophets any more. No one among us knows when it will happen.
They said, A certain Egyptian saved us out of the hand of those who feed the sheep, and poured out for us water for the sheep.
Now I will arise, and will walk in the city, and in the streets, and in the broad places; and I will seek the desire of my soul; and I will seek him, but I will not find him.
The glory of Yahweh is like a fire burning on a mountain, and the eyes of Israel are on it.
Many peoples and great nations shall come to Yahweh of Armies, to Yahweh's favor, at Jerusalem.
You shall count the men of all the congregation of Israel by their families, by their fathers' houses, by their fathers' houses, by their fathers' houses.
Remember therefore where you fell, repent, and recompense your first love; and if not, I will come to you, and take away your lampstand.
When his acquaintances saw that he prophesied among the prophets, they said one to another, What does the son of Kish mean? Did Saul prophesy among the prophets?
I will praise Yahweh all the days of my life. My mouth will continue to praise him.
If a stranger is among you, or if a man is among you, to offer an offering made by fire of a sweet savor to Yahweh in every generation, so you shall do, and so they shall do.
They said one to another, Come, let's make thorns, and burn them. They have thorns for stone, and a brier for clay.
Yahweh said to Samuel, Listen to them, and make a king over them. Samuel said to the children of Israel, Go up every man to his city.
He shall bring the offering made by fire to Yahweh with his hand, oil and liver, that he may wave the liver and the liver with a wave offering before Yahweh.
He took the flesh, all the fat and beautiful flesh, the first and the last part, and put it in, and filled it with good bones.
neither went up to the mountain to eat bread, nor hoped for the idols of the house of Israel, nor defiled his neighbor's wife;
Therefore I will make Samaria a heap of dust in the field, and a growing place for vines; and I will pour out its stones into the valleys, and I will make its foundation.
The priests, who were over the chambers of the house of our God, Eliashib and Tobiah, before this matter,
Woe to us! Who will deliver us out of the hand of the mighty God! Who struck the Egyptians in every manner of evil in the wilderness, this God!
The Lord sits on the throne of heaven. The Lord will kill them.
Brothers, I want you to know that I don't preach the Good News of men.
Hear you the word of the Lord Yahweh, mountain of Israel: Thus says the Lord Yahweh, mountain of greatness, mountain of lowland, and river, and valley: Behold, I will strike you with the sword, and will destroy your high places.
His parents were amazed, and he commanded them that they should tell no one what had happened.
It happened, when David and Saul had spoken, that Jonathan's life and David's life became one, and Jonathan loved him as his own life.
Therefore I will fill the wrath of Yahweh with indignation, and I will not be able to bear it. Therefore I will be a snare to the children of the streets, and to the young men of the congregation, and to the husbands of the young men, and to their wives, and to the old men, and to those who do well in the day.
This is the portion which the wicked has inherited from God, the inheritance which he has established for him.
I will put my Spirit in you, that you may walk in my statutes, and keep my ordinances, and do them.
Pilate answered, What then shall I do to the king of the Jews, whom you are called?
He shall go forth from man to man, and shall be full of reproach.
Surely this is the testimony of God, who has prophesied through the mouth of all the prophets, that his Christ is worthy to be crucified.
His father-in-law walked after him, and cried with him, until he came to Bahurim. Abner said to him, Return! He returned.
Then said he to me, The sins of the house of Israel and of the house of Judah are exceeding great: and there shall be blood in all the land, and the cities shall be shaken; for they say, Yahweh has departed out of the land, and Yahweh has not seen.
But we believe that we have a God, the Father, and all things are his, and we live for him. We have a Lord, Jesus Christ, and all things are his, and we walk in him.
You shall sanctify the fifty years; and you shall appoint the inhabitants of the land for a proclamation: and the year shall be a season for you; and you shall return every man to his inheritance, and every man to his own family.
My son, if you are a bondservant to your neighbor, And a bondservant to strangers,
The word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah in the days of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah, king of Judah, saying,
He took away from the land the engraved images, All the idols of his fathers,
Gad came near to David, and said to him, Thus says Yahweh, Make yourself known,
A certain leper came to him, and he begged him, saying, If you will, you will be cleansed.
What shall a man do, that he may enter into the house of the mighty, and take his substance? Shouldn't he first bind the mighty?
Then I was there a sluggard, and I rejoiced in him day and night, and I rejoiced before him continually.
The first words of his mouth are foolishness. The last words of his mouth are deceitful.
Pharaoh's daughter said to him, Take this child, and let me put it on, and I will give you your wages. She took the child, and let him go.
My angel will go before you to the land of the Amorites, and of the Hittites, and of the Perizzites, and of the Canaanites, and of the Hivites, and of the Jebusites; and I will cut them off.
Of the children of Judah, their generations, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
Who can stand in his wrath? Who can endure his wrath? His wrath is like a fire that goes forth, And a rock is broken because of him.
Let us examine and recompense our ways. Let us turn again to Yahweh.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh. Turn your ear to my cry. I have tears in my eyes. Don't cry out. I am a stranger and a foreigner, as my fathers were before you.
There is no Passover like it in Israel from the days of Samuel the prophet; neither are the kings of Israel like Josiah, nor the priests, nor the Levites, nor Judah, nor Israel, nor the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
Greet Ubono, my laboring place, and Stavros, my beloved.
On the four corners of the court were arrows, and on the four corners a wall: and the length of each court was forty cubits, and the breadth thirty; and the breadth of the four corners was the same.
Laban said, It is good that I should do according to your word.
Then Job answered Yahweh,
and they struck their cities, and cast every man his stone, and filled all their good land; and they took all their springs, and cut down every good tree: only the stone of Kir Harasheth was left; and they struck every stone round about.
I came to put a fire on the earth. If the fire is consumed, don't you know that it is good for the tongue?
In that day, and in that hour, I will cause David to put forth a right hand, and he shall walk in justice and righteousness on the earth.
and three thousand talents of gold from Ophir, and seven thousand talents of silver from the merchants, to cover the walls of the houses.
Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, who was under the king's guard, heard that they had sunk Jeremiah in the well (the king was sitting at the door of Benjamin at that time).
Therefore the head of a woman shall be wrapped around her head, for a sign of authority, and for fear of the angels.
This sin offering is holy, and Yahweh has given you it, to bear the iniquity of the congregation, and to make atonement for them before Yahweh. Why don't you eat it in a holy place?
Ephraim was oppressed, judged, and oppressed, because he listened to the commandment with all his heart.
Rachel saw that she didn't bring forth a son to Jacob, and was jealous. She said to Jacob, Give me a son, and if not, I will die.
He arose, ate, and drank; and by the power of his eating he went forty days and forty nights, to the mountain of Yahweh, to the mountain of Horeb.
If I make a vow to the poor, Or cause the eye of the widow to see to the eye;
Don't despise the world or its things. If a man loves the world, he doesn't love the Father.
I will gather all the people together, and will bring them down into the valley of Jehoshaphat, and there will I judge them: for they have divided my people Israel, my inheritance, among the nations, and have divided my land;
Yahweh said to me, You shall see their doings, and shall do exceedingly abominable things.
I know what you know. I am not better than you.
Then the heavens and all that is therein shall rejoice because of Babylon; for those who destroy it shall come from the north, says Yahweh.
When they had departed, we sailed, and they returned to their houses.
Who doesn't know that it is God's hand in all these things?
But now the word of Yahweh says, The glory of Moab and his people will be mocked, according to the number of the years of the work, according to the number of the days of the year; and the remnant will be little, and will be a desolation.
It was told David, and he sent to meet them; for the men were ashamed and trembling. The king said, Stay at Jericho until you have broken in pieces, and come again.
Many will fall on their feet, and fall on their lips; and they will be buried and taken.
As they went up into the city on their way, certain young women came out to draw water, and said to them, Is there a castle here?
As he ate with the apostles, the devil revealed to Judas the son of Simon, the Chaldean, what he had given him.
I will cause him to go forth, says Yahweh of Armies; and he shall go into the house of the thieves, and into the house of the man of my name who swears falsely; and I will dwell in his house, and will destroy him, and his wood and his stone.
You sat down under the captivity, and you fell under the slain: therefore Yahweh's anger was not turned away, but his hand was stretched out.
So Bathsheba went to king Solomon to speak to Adonijah: and the king arose, and met him, and played the prostitute with him, and made his throne; and he commanded the king's mother to sit on the king's right hand.
Go, and tell Rehoboam the son of Solomon, king of Judah, and all the house of Benjamin, Judah, and the rest of the people:
Moses returned, and all the elders of Israel, into the camp.
What is the profit of the engraved image, that he may etch it? What is the profit of the engraved image, and of the false teachers, that he may trust in it, and make it a mute image?
You shall rejoice, you, and the Levites, and the strangers who are among you, for all the blessings of Yahweh your God which he has given you, and for your household.
The servants of Ammon rebelled against him, and killed the king in the palace.
For from the day that I brought up Israel to this day, I have not lived in a house: from one tent to another tent, and from one curtain to another curtain.
Your hair also, when the Father is with you, will be numbered.
If the priest's daughter commits adultery, and profanes her self, even her father, then he shall burn her with fire.
There appeared also in heaven a second head, and a mighty horse of thorns, with seven heads, and ten horns, and heads on seven kings' horns.
You shall blow the trumpet, if you will gather the congregation together; but you shall not blow the trumpet.
Jacob awoke, and said, Yes, Yahweh is with me, but I don't know it.
You have led your redeemed with your loving kindness. You have brought them into your holy place with your power.
Not only so, but he was appointed a witness to us by the assembly, a witness of our loving kindness, that it might be glorified in the Lord, and that we might be pleased to do it.
When they had gone eastward, they found a deceit in the plains of the land of Sinal, and lived therein.
Beware of the evil plague of leprosy. Do all that the priests the Levites teach you, and observe to do it. I command them to do it.
I stretched out my hand on the rebellious people all the day. They did their own thing, and went in a way that was not good.
He said to them, If a man lets his wife go, and he takes another, a woman who commits adultery, and robs her,
A fire is kindled among them, And a flame devours the wicked.
He cried to Yahweh his God in his distress, And was exceedingly humble before the God of his fathers.
On the seventh day the priest shall go and see; and behold, if the plague has spread in the walls of the house,
The meal offering shall be an ephah for a bull in the feast, and an ephah for a ram, and a hin of oil for an ephah for a lamb, according to the number of the lambs, in the feast.
because of all the evil that the children of Israel and the children of Judah have done to me, both to their kings, and to their princes, and to their priests, and to their prophets, and to all Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
For they have persecuted my people, saying, Peace,' and there is no peace, but as a man goes up to his wall, he is clothed with blood.
Aaron did so, and lit the lamp before the lampstand, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
On the first day of unleavened bread, which was the day of the slaughter of the Passover, his disciples asked him, Where do you want us to prepare for you to eat the Passover?
Then I will bring you down, and those who go down to Sheol with you, to the lower parts of the earth; and I will make you dwell in the lower parts of the earth, and you shall be with those who go down to Sheol: there shall no man dwell therein, neither shall there be any glory in the land of the living.
But Yahweh is Lord forever. He has set his throne in order to judge.
Then Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, who was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah the son of Asaph, the captain of the guard, came out to him.
Jehu gathered all the people together, and said to them, While Ahab served Baal, he will serve him exceedingly.
But I know that the Lord will give me the ability to come near to you.
Woe to this rebellious, desolate, and oppressed city!
Most assuredly I tell you, all these bloodbaths will be on this people.
The heart of the wise is in the house of wisdom, But the heart of fools in the house of joy.
But all these things were confirmed, that the prophets might testify about them in the Scriptures. Then all the disciples forsook him, and fled.
Israel is fat as a fattened calf. Now Yahweh will take them as sheep in a broad land.
It happened, when Peter was knocking at the door of the inner court, that a certain woman, whose name was Loeb, came out to hear, and saw who the man was.
The angel of Yahweh found Hagar by the spring of the wilderness; and the spring was in the way to Shur.
Now, Lord, according to your word, let your servant go in peace from the world.
Behold, Rebekah is before you: take her, and give her to her master's son, as Yahweh has spoken.
The testimony of truth is not a lie, But the testimony of falsehood is a lie.
It happened after these things, that king Ahasuerus took Haman the son of Hammetatha the Agagite, and exalted him, and made his words higher than all the rest of his servants.
The prophets and the priests are blasphemed, even in my house, and I have seen their wickedness, says Yahweh.
Cornelius said, It was the day, about this time about three hours, and I was praying in my house, and suddenly there stood before me a man clothed in his garments,
On every high hill, under every green tree, stood the pillars and the Asherim;
But everyone who buys with money will eat of it, if he has circumcised him.
But he will be light to the tombs, And a memory will be made in his tombs.
Most assuredly I tell you, if he finds a fattened sheep, he shall be happier than a tenth of a heifer, which has no blemish.
You shall proclaim this to your sons, and your sons to your sons' children, and your sons to their children's children.
When it was time to open, he sent his servant to the man whom he asked, saying, Come, and prepare for all.'
Saul went with the spears; for he said, I will chastise David, and lay him in a cave. David hid himself two times before him.
Behold, they listened to the counsel of Balaam, and made Israel to sin against Yahweh in Bohol, so that the congregation of Yahweh was struck with a pestilence.
If anyone says in our name, We have prophesied, or have spoken, or have written, The day of the Lord is at hand; don't let your heart tremble, nor be afraid.
Solomon's horse was brought from Egypt, and he was a merchant of the king's, and he bought it for a price.
You have done nothing against them, neither have you done according to their abominations: you have made small things; you have called all that you have done a name.
He will redeem their soul from oppression and oppression. He will see their blood as precious.
Your reproof, Yahweh, arose a little, The breath of your nostrils a little, The sea appeared, And the foundations of the earth appeared.
A cloud filled the house of Yahweh, When the priests came out from the sanctuary;
Let a raven go out. The ravens fly away, until the waters of the earth are dried up.
Hear the word of your father, you sons. Learn understanding with all your heart.
The children committed adultery, and rebelled against his father, and returned from him to Bethlehem Judah, to the house of his father, and lived there four months.
Behold, these things are little things which he has done. What have we heard from him? Who can discern the thunder of his might?
and I will deliver into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of those who seek their life, Zedekiah king of Judah, and of his servants, and of his people, who are in this city, all that remains of the pestilence, and of the sword, and of the famine, and of the famine, says Yahweh; and he shall kill them with the edge of the
As a young man in the midst of you says, Because we are his children, so we trust in him.'
It happened in the twelfth month, in the twelfth day of the month Adar, that the king's commandment and his decree came to pass, that the enemies of the children of Judah might have dominion over them; but it was so, that the children of Judah had dominion over all those who hated them.
Then I feared my affliction; for I knew that God would not make me guilty.
When he prayed, his face was changed. His garments were changed from white to black, and he was clothed with light.
As it is with all the assembly of God, the woman shall keep silence in the assembly, and shall not prophesy. The law of the Jews requires them to obey it.
There shall not a man dwell there, neither shall there be a man go there; but it shall fall as Sodom and Gomorrah, and as the cities of the suburbs.
You shall therefore keep his statutes, which I command you this day, that you may be blessed, you and your seed, and that your days may be prolonged in the land which Yahweh your God gives you, forever.
Then king Rehoboam sent to Israel Adom, the man of war who did the work; and all Israel stoned him with stones: and king Rehoboam hurried, and drew his chariot, and fled to Jerusalem.
Give thanks to Yahweh, For he is good, And his loving kindness endures forever.
For God has given us his precious treasures and his great grace, that through them you may be redeemed out of the wrath of the world, out of the wrath of God.
and Jarmuth with its suburbs, and Enchanter with its suburbs; four cities.
But the loving kindness of Yahweh is with those who fear him forever and ever. His righteousness is with his seed and his sons.
that we may be like the nations, that our king may judge between us, and sit on the throne of our face, and fight for us.
We are fools for Christ's sake, but you are fools with him. We are weak, but you are strong. You are honorable, but we are deceitful.
You shall observe to keep it until you have weighed it before the head of the priests, and before the Levites, and before the heads of the fathers' houses of Israel, in the chambers of the house of Yahweh which is in Jerusalem.
Peter, the apostle of Jesus Christ, wrote this letter to the peoples who were scattered abroad in Pentecost, Galilee, Gebatokiah, Asia, and the fourth year of Pentecost.
Now the heart of those who sailed with them is trembling: and Yahweh will break down their altars, and destroy their pillars.
He went and visited Kenadab, and the villages of Kenadab; and he named him Lubus according to his name.
Your word, Yahweh, is established in heaven forever.
Now I am glad that I suffer for you. I suffer for the body of Christ, for the assembly, and for the lack of faith.
The ordinance of the oppressor is evil: he devises schemes, and destroys the poor with lies; he also destroys the needy when he speaks justice.
It happened in the twelfth year of Zedekiah king of Judah, in the twelfth year of Nebuchadnezzar, that the word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah.
Blessed is he who rejects the counsel of the wicked, Who doesn't stand in the way of sin, Who doesn't join himself with slanderers.
The children of Benjamin came out from Gibeah the second day, and struck them; and they killed on the ground eleven thousand men of Israel, all of them with the sword.
If you do this, you will become children of the Father, for he causes the sun to shine on the wicked and on the righteous, and for the righteous and for the unrighteous.
You have brought down a great rain, God. You have strengthened your inheritance, Israel, when he is weary.
For the beautiful prostitute has many sexual immoralities. She is a prostitute to a nation, And a thief to a multitude of peoples.
and the princes of Judah, and the princes of Jerusalem, and the eunuchs, and the priests, and all the people of the land, who passed over from the calf that was cut off;
Jacob said, Swear to me this day. Esau swore to him, and gave Jacob the name of his firstborn.
Then David said, Put away the Levites, besides the ark of God; for Yahweh has chosen them to bear the ark of the covenant of Yahweh, and to serve him forever.
When they had scattered him, he went up into the mountain, and prayed, but it was dark, and he was alone.
Behold, Yahweh has given you the Sabbath. Therefore he gives you two days' bread. On the seventh day every man shall dwell in his place, and shall not go out.
He said to them, Behold, my soul is grieved, and my hope is that I will die. Behold, you dwell here.
The priest shall write in the book these curse words, and shall put them in the midst of the abyss.
It is like a man who flees from the lion, and flees, and finds a harp, and comes in with his hands to the house, and falls, and causes the serpent to stumble.
Don't be dismayed, but those who have great faith, and those who have patience, who are heirs of God's promise.
Six days you shall eat unleavened bread; and on the seventh day you shall keep the covenant of Yahweh your God: you shall do no work.
He brought me up from the north gate before the house: and behold, the glory of Yahweh filled the house of Yahweh; and I fell on my face.
Yahweh was angry with the children of Israel, and said, Because this people have transgressed my covenant, which I commanded their fathers, and have not obeyed my voice;
They said, Come, and let us go to the city and to the cave, and let us set up a name for us, that we not be scattered throughout all the earth.
For you have given me strength to fight. You have subdued all those who rise up against me.
Teacher, what is the most important commandment in the law?
Twenty cubits was the length of the inner court, and twenty cubits was the breadth of the court, and three cubits was the breadth of the court, and the length of it.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Most assuredly I have said, Your house and your father's house shall walk before me forever: but now Yahweh has said, I will not do it; for I will honor him who honors me; and he who despises me will be deceived.
Be steadfast in the word which you hear from the beginning. If you are steadfast in the word which you hear from the beginning, you will live in the Son and in the Father.
They shall take the curtains of the tent of meeting, and the tent of meeting, and its covering, and the covering of the seals that are on it, and the screen for the door of the tent of meeting,
The table was set, and the servants sat down, and the servants served, and their clothing, and their wine; and when they saw the sign that he was going up to the house of Yahweh, they were afraid, and the cloud was gone up.
I don't want you to be a burden to others, but to be a burden to others.
and beyond the Jordan, at Jericho, eastward, by the Jordan, in the land of the children of Reuben, Bezer with its suburbs in the wilderness, and Arza with its suburbs,
The length of the curtain was thirty cubits, and the breadth of the curtain four cubits; and the tenth part of the curtain was for a curtain.
He who knows your name will trust in you. For you, Yahweh, have not forsaken those who seek you.
The Lord said to him, Arise, go to the street that is called The Way, and take a man named Saul the Damascus in the house of Judah; and behold, he prays there.
All the walls of the house round about were painted, even the cherubim, the palm trees, and the pomegranates.
They will be slain and fall. We will rise up and stand still.
Then the heads of fathers' houses of Edom were astonished, and the mighty men of Moab trembled, and lived in the land of Canaan, and all their hearts were consumed.
The multitudes gathered themselves together, and begged Pilate to release a prisoner according to his ordinance.
Aaron took them out of their hand, and weighed a bull and a reed; and the people said, Israel, your god, who brought you out of the land of Egypt.
Their mouth utters evil words. Their lips have swords. They say, Who has heard it?
But let's speak truth with love, and let's rely on the works of Christ, for he is our head.
He said to Ariel the captain of the king's guard, Why is it that the king's commandment has come to pass? Ariel told Daniel this thing.
She conceived again, and bore a son, and said, I will now praise Yahweh. Therefore she called his name Judah. She ceased, and bore no more.
Before the mountains were established, and the hills were established, I was born.
It is not that I should do anything with you, but that I should do it with all my heart and with all my soul.
Joseph received favor in the sight of his master, and served him; and he made him ruler over his house, and gave all that he had into his hand.
For he who hears the law is not a righteous man before God, but he who keeps the law will be justified by God.
I have many things to tell you, and I don't desire to give you water or pit; but I hope to come to you, and to speak on my face, that our joy may be filled.
The king struck Jacob his brother with the edge of the sword.
They can't sing, nor drink wine, But a great drinker will be afflicted.
Yahweh makes known his salvation, His righteousness among the nations.
Pharaoh and Aristhoth were among them; and I delivered them up to Satan, that they should be condemned, and not blasphemed, and profaned God.
Zebul said to him, Behold, you have said, Who is Abimelech, that we may serve him? Where are the mouths of these words which you speak? Isn't this the people whom you have despised? Go out now, and fight with them.
The king's servants said to him, Haman stands in the court. He said, Bring him in.
The bright light of gold comes out of the north. God has great terror.
In the two years I will bring Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon out of this place to Babylon, all the vessels of the house of Yahweh, and I will cause him to return to this place.
But if the husband cut him off in the day that he hears it, all that goes out of his mouth, and all that he vows, and all that he makes, shall not be redeemed; for his husband has cut him off, and Yahweh will forgive him.
He said to them, Out of the food comes the food, and out of the mighty it comes the wine. They couldn't tell it in three days.
They took the firstborn of his king's house, and offered him for a burnt offering on the wall: and a great famine came on Israel; and they departed from him, and went into their own land.
Yahweh raised up a rival against Solomon, Hadath the Edomite, the son of the king of Edom.
The children of Israel did as Yahweh commanded Moses: and they divided the land.
All things are clean to those who are clean; to those who are unclean, and to those who don't believe, there is nothing unclean. Their heart and their spirit are unclean.
Judah and Israel shall be gathered together, and shall set up a chief man for themselves from this land; for the day of Jezreel shall be a great day.
As Moses and all the congregation of Israel sat at the door of the tent of meeting, suddenly there was a man of Israel, who brought a Midianite to his brother in their sight.
Asa did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, as did David his father.
It happened, when Jehoiakim the son of Josiah, king of Judah, began to reign, that the word came to Yahweh, saying,
All the males of Aaron's seed shall eat of it, an everlasting portion out of the offerings of Yahweh made by fire throughout their generations: and all those who touch it shall be holy.
In that day shall it come to pass from Egypt to Assyria; and the Egyptians shall go into Egypt, and the Egyptians into Assyria; and the Egyptians shall serve Yahweh with the Egyptians.
The king said, Yahweh do so to me, and more also, if the head of Elisha the son of Shaphan remains in him this day.
He called Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces who were with him, and all the people, from the little to the great,
but to hide it from the eye, and to hide it from the voice, and from the music, and to cover the head and the sole of the foot and the sole of the foot, and to hide your lips, and to not eat the bread of the feast;
Zedekiah the king said, Behold, he is in your hand; he shall not entrap you in anything.
For if we take off our garments, we will not be naked.
When I have spoken, they have no more spoken. My words are poured out on them.
Then shall the inhabitants of the camp, who dwell in the sea, say, Behold, our hope of the days, which we have hoped, which is to escape from the king of Assyria, to seek his salvation, is this that we may escape?
If one says that he will trust in the gift, I will. If one thinks that he will trust in the gift, I will be much more assured.
As for the city, Christ didn't become the glory of the high priest, but God said to him, You are my Son, and I have brought forth you this day.
For if David calls him Lord, why is he the son of David?
When they came to Reuel their father, he said to them, Why are you coming this day?
Son of man, I have broken the arm of Pharaoh king of Egypt: I have not covered his wounds, neither girded his waist, nor shaved his knees, that he may lift up his sword with ease.
He put a ring of blue and purple on the crown of gold that was on the top of it, and a ring of fine twined linen, and went out before the king.
For if God had spoken of a new covenant, he would have made the first one a record; and if he had kept it forever, he would have kept it forever.
Behold, Yahweh will come down in the midst of the fire, His chariot like a whirlwind; He will do vengeance with wrath, And rebuke with fire.
I tell you, no, but if you don't repent, you will all perish.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: The Gentiles of the house of Israel, the Gentiles who are uncircumcised in heart and uncircumcised in flesh, shall not enter into my sanctuary.
It happened, when he came to Jerusalem, that there were many of the people who were with him, and there were many camels with spices and gold, and precious stones: and when he came to Solomon, he told him all that was in his heart.
They all ate, and cast the grain into the sea, that the ships might be made less.
Even though his forest is thick, they will cut it down; for they are more than locusts, and they shall not be counted.
Can you rebuke the Word of God? Can you rebuke the Almighty?
God saw all that he had done, and said, Behold, it is good. There is evening and morning and six days.
Then the woman went, and did according to the word of Elijah: and the woman ate bread with her house, and with Elijah, many days.
I will stand at the tower, and I will stand in the midst of the camp to watch, and to see what he says to me; and I will judge with what I say.
My face shall be always toward this city, to bring evil, and to bring good; and this city shall be given into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall burn it with fire.
You shall not offer that to a man, or that which is for a prey to a rich man.
Yahweh spoke to his servants and to his prophets, saying,
For you have poured out great loving kindness on me. You have delivered my soul from the deep pit of Sheol.
Moreover he was given to breathe in life into the idols of the beasts, that the idols of the beasts might speak, and that he should kill those who didn't worship the idols of the beasts.
I will sprinkle a clean water on you, and you shall be clean; and I will cleanse you, and will put away all your defilement, and all your idols.
It happened, while he was contemplating, that a angel of the Lord appeared in his dream, and said, Don't be afraid, Joseph, son of David: take Mary as wife; for the womb of her womb is from the Holy Spirit.
My soul longs for the house of Yahweh. My heart cries to Yahweh, My flesh and my soul.
When you pray, don't be like the hypocrites, who stand in synagogues, or in the streets praying for the sight of men; for most assuredly I tell you, they have received their reward.
The heavens shall show his iniquity, And the earth shall rise against him.
My feet walk in your ways. My feet have not trodden.
and he gave thanks to the God who led Israel through the midst of them; for his loving kindness endures forever;
Go in, and tell Pharaoh king of Egypt, Let Israel go out of his land.
These are the work of the house of the Gershonites:
He asked the priests and the prophets who were in the house of Yahweh of Armies, saying, Shall I now do so, while I weep in the fifth month to separate the children of men?
The lord of the vineyard sent another servant to gather grain, and the farmers struck him on the head, and made him a reproach.
If anyone preaches anything that doesn't conform to the teaching of our Lord Jesus Christ, and doesn't walk in the example of godliness,
He took the basket of unleavened bread out of the presence of Yahweh, and took out a loaf of unleavened bread, and a loaf of oil, and a loaf of bread, and put them on the oil and on the frying pan.
Sidon and the inhabitants of Albuath are your snares. The wise men of your midst are your enemies.
God is king over all nations. God sits on his holy throne.
and how he dealt with Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab, the sons of Reuben, and with the mouths of the children of Israel, to devour them, and their household, and their tents, and all their living creatures.
You shall tell your sons, We were bondservants of Pharaoh in Egypt; and Yahweh brought us out of Egypt with a mighty hand.
Yahweh abhors deceit, But he delights in justice.
In those days the princes of Judah sent letters to Zoiah continually; and Zoiah sent letters to them.
Send one of you to your brother, that you may put your words in order, and see whether you are righteous or not. If not, I swear by Pharaoh's life, and you are a murderer.
These were the sons of Haman the son of Haman, the son of Hamatha the son of Hamath the son of Hamath the son of Hamath the son of Hamath: but they didn't take anything of them.
You will be hated by all men for my name's sake, But he who endures will be saved.
They hurried, and put every man his clothes on the clefts of the pillars, and put them under Jehu: and they blew the trumpets, and said, Jehu is king!
You shall give a wave to Moab, that he may flee; and his cities shall be laid waste, and no man shall dwell therein.
Paul and Barnabas preached the Good News at Telbe, and many were converted. They returned to Lystra, and to Ephesus, and to Antioch,
You have come up to the high place, and have taken the rebuke; you have received their offering from among men; and the rebellious also have offered it, that Yahweh God may dwell among them.
Paul, an apostle of Christ Jesus by the will of God, writing a letter to Ephesus, one of the faithful saints of Christ Jesus.
Can a meal be eaten that doesn't contain salt? Or a drink that is two thousand times as sweet?
Jethro, Moses' father-in-law, took Zibbolah, Moses' daughter, whom he had sent away,
The animals came into the cave, and lived in the cave.
then the two burnt offerings shall stand before Yahweh, and before the priests, and before the judges.
The streams of Edom shall become mud, and the streams of dust shall become mud. Its land shall become mud.
Thus says Yahweh: If my covenant of the day and of the night shall fail, and I have not set the statutes of heaven,
The shields of his mighty men were of brass, and all his chariots of war were of brass; and the pillars of his chariots were flashing in the day that he prepared for war; and his spear could not be taken away.
The arches of the court shall be fifty cubits long, and the pillars of the court ten, and ten.
and commanded the children of Judah, from the young man even to the old man, and the young men and the women, to destroy and to kill him, and to kill him, and to cause him to die, in the tenth month, which is the month Adar, in all the provinces of the king; and he took their spoil, and made it a weapon of war.
I saw in the midst of you, O king, a stronger light than the sun, and it came down from the sky, and fell on me and on my companions round about.
But a man dies peacefully. How long shall a man be, until his heart is broken?
I will inquire, Don't the children of Israel truly know? Moses said before, I will provoke you to anger with men who are not of my people, And with wrath which I have provoked against you by men who don't know me.
My lips don't speak unrighteously. My tongue doesn't speak deceit.
Behold, God works great things with his Spirit. Who is a teacher like him?
Therefore keep all the commandments which I command you this day, that you may be upright, and go in and possess the land where you go over to possess it;
You shall not eat of all that is left of you; neither shall you eat of any foreigner who is in the way, that he may eat of you, or that he may not eat of you: for you are a holy people, a God to Yahweh your God. You shall not suck the milk of a goat.
Joshua took a stone of fire, and cast it on Mount Peor, and circumcised the children of Israel.
Moses took the children of Israel from the Red Sea; and they went out into the wilderness of Shur; and they walked in the wilderness three days, and found no water.
They shall live in their own land, and none shall make them afraid, when I bring them again from among the nations, and gather them from the land of their enemies: and they shall bear their shame, and their iniquity, when I make them holy in their new land, before the nations.
If you have a word to say, answer me. Say it to me, for I desire to make you righteous.
Thus shall Ashkelon see, and be afraid; and Gaza shall see, and be afflicted; and Ekron shall see, and be disappointed in hope: and there shall be no king in Gaza, neither shall Ashkelon have any man to dwell in.
He answered before the king and the princes of the land of Memucan, and said, The work of Vashti the king's sluggard is not against the king, neither is it against the king of Ahasuerus against all the princes of the provinces.
When they came to the rest of the disciples, behold, a great multitude surrounded them, and a scribe with them.
He said to them, This is not everyone who will receive it. Only those who receive it will receive it.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: In that day shall be a reviving of your heart, and you shall seek the counsel of evil counsel;
I will stretch out his hand to the great sea, and his right hand to the great river.
I heard a voice out of heaven, like the sound of a flood, and like the sound of a thunder; and I heard it, like the sound of a harp standing on a threshing floor.
When the Sabbath was yet a day old, I commanded to shut up the gates of Jerusalem; and I commanded that they should not open until the Sabbath day: and I appointed servants over the gates of the city, that no man should come in any more on the Sabbath day.
I will multiply your seed exceedingly. The kingdom will be established from you, and the king from you.
He conceived, and bore a son. Judah called his name El.
Behold, I write a great letter to you.
So that we are no more children, neither do we cause every whirlwind to tremble, and to take advantage of man's bribes and his deceit, and to be enticed.
Jesus said to them, Young men, do you have fish? They said, No fish.
Then the king sent out his messengers, and they brought him to Daniel, to cast him into the den of lions. The king said to Daniel, Your God, whom you serve continually, he will deliver you.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: In those days shall ten men take hold of a garment of a man of Judah from among all his people, and shall take hold of it, saying, We will go with you; for we have heard that Yahweh is with you.
The horns of our house are cedars, And their horns are cedars.
Now therefore, Judah and Jerusalem, set yourselves in array, and stand, and see that Yahweh is coming to save you: don't be afraid, nor be dismayed; go out tomorrow to them; for Yahweh is with you.
The promise which God spoke to Abraham came near, and the children of Israel multiplied in Egypt.
The trees of the field shall yield fruit, and the ground shall yield yield; and they shall dwell securely in their own land; and I will break the yoke of their yoke, and deliver them out of the hand of those who take them for a prey; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
This was the law in Israel: the daughters of Israel went up every year to the daughters of Jephthah the Gileadite, to the end of the years.
He went up from there to the mountain that is on the east of Bethel, and stayed there: on the west side is Bethel, and on the east side Ai: and there he built an altar to Yahweh, and called on the name of Yahweh.
But you, Lord, are our dwelling place all the days of your life.
For from the day that I brought forth your fathers out of Egypt to this day, I have steadfastly warned them, rising up early and warning them, saying, You shall listen to my voice.'
In the twenty-threeth year of Joash the son of Ahaziah king of Judah began Jehoahaz the son of Jehu to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned seven years.
It is good for him, if he does nothing wrong, that he comes out of his own heart, and does that which is right in his own eyes, that he doesn't give birth to a woman.
Behold, those who prophesy with false dreams speak of their dreams, and prophesy with their lies, and with their deceit, to send my people, says Yahweh; and I strike them: for I didn't send them, nor command them; they didn't profit this people, says Yahweh.
By the border of Ephraim, from the east side to the west side, Reuben, one portion.
They forsook Yahweh, and served Baal and Ashtaroth.
Those who came near to him were the tribe of Manasseh; and the prince of the children of Manasseh was Gamaliel the son of Paddash.
For you have heard the word of Yahweh your God, and have kept all his commandments, which I command you this day, and have done that which is right in the eyes of Yahweh your God.
Thus says Yahweh: For three transgressions of Israel, yes, for four, I will not turn away its punishment; For they have given to the righteous money, And to the poor a portion.
So then, will we fail at the law because of this faith? No, but we have established the law.
and they muted before them, and made a mockery of themselves in their hands, and wrote in the gate of the city a mockery, and left them lying in wait.
Jacob came to his father, and said, My father. He said, Here I am. My son, who are you?
He walked in the way of the kings of Israel, and in the house of Ahab; for he took the daughter of Ahab as wife, and did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh.
He who speaks holy things is like a robber, But a wise man's tongue is a good one.
The princes said to Baruch, Go in to Jeremiah, and hide yourselves from men; don't let them know where you are.
How he revealed his signs in Egypt, And his wonders in the field of Zoan,
Jesus said to him, Peter, I tell you, before the house weeps, you haven't answered me in three days.
This day Yahweh your God commanded you to do the statutes and the ordinances: therefore keep them with all your heart and with all your soul, and do them.
Yahweh, the God of Israel, said, I hate the wife of a donkey, and him who deals treacherously with her: therefore beware of your spirit, and don't do deceit, says Yahweh of Armies.
He brought me to the door of the court. When I looked, behold, there was a hole in the wall.
and one male goat for a sin offering, to make atonement for you.
Brothers, I tell you that the flesh of the flesh can't inherit the Kingdom of God. But the flesh of the flesh can't inherit it.
Yes, you will extol me with great joy, And rebuke me with my reproach;
I will cause men to walk on you, even on my people Israel; and they shall possess you, and you shall be their possession; and you shall no more cause them to perish.
He said, Who will first tell Abraham, Sarah will give her a baby suckling?' for will I give her a son in her old age?
Don't let a son die for his father's sake, neither let a son die for his father's sake. Every man shall die for his sin.
and the garments, and the leprosy of the house,
But Melchizedek was not a Levite; but he received ten thousand from Abraham, and blessed Abraham, whom God had promised.
He who trusts in his riches stumbles. The righteous flourishes like a green tree.
If a man is high above you, aren't we higher? But we have not established this highness, but have persevered in all things, that the Good News of Christ may not be cut off.
My mouth will speak truth. My lips hate evil.
Naaman said, If not, please give your servant the two heaps of dust which they have poured out; for your servant shall no more give to another god burnt offerings, or any kind of sacrifice, but to Yahweh.
While they were eating, Jesus took bread and thanksgiving, and broke it, and gave to his disciples, saying, Go, eat. This is my body.
Yahweh is a God of wrath, and he does vengeance. Yahweh is vengeance and wrath. Yahweh is vengeance to his enemies, and he is angry at his enemies.
It is not pleasing to the Lord that a man put the prisoner under his feet.
Now therefore fear Yahweh, and beware of all things; for Yahweh our God has not done unrighteousness, nor trespassed, nor taken a bribe.
neither shall you let him sleep, until he has built Jerusalem, that it may be a praiseworthy place on the earth.
When Samuel heard all the words of the people, he gave them to Yahweh.
They took the livestock of the Hagrites: five hundred camels, twenty-five sheep, two thousand donkeys, and twelve men.
The cloud of Yahweh was on the tabernacle in the daytime; and there was a fire in the midst of it, before the eyes of all the house of Israel: so they did before and after.
Escape from the midst of Babylon, and go forth out of the land of the Chaldeans, and go forth as a young goat before a flock.
They said to him, Lord, open our eyes, that we may see.
He created the heavens, the earth, the sea, and all that is therein; He kept the truth to the earth forever.
When the apostles of Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent Peter and John to them.
Woe to those who are unfeigned in Zion, and to those who are bound up in Mount Samaria, and to the princes of the first nations among the nations, to whom the house of Israel belongs!
Then shall those who do evil, my enemies, come against me, to eat my flesh; and they shall stumble with their feet.
The angel said to me, Prophesy again concerning the things which God prophesies concerning all the peoples, and concerning the kingdoms, and concerning the laws, and concerning the kings.
and the great scepter, and the signs, and the wonders, and the mighty hand, and the outstretched arm, which your eyes saw, by which Yahweh your God brought you forth out of Egypt; and so will Yahweh your God do to all the peoples of the land where you are afraid.
Now the king took away all the priests who had made obeisance to idols, whom the kings of Judah had burnt incense in the cities of Judah, and in the high places that were round about Jerusalem; and the king took away all those who burnt incense in Baal, and in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars of the sky, and in all the people.
Yes, the light of the wicked will roar, And his flame will not shine.
His right hand lifts up my head. His right hand lifts me up.
Heshbon, and all the cities of the plain, Tibnon, and Pamblis, and Pamblis,
Abram was joined to Hagal in the chamber; and Hagal conceived; and he knew that he was new, and despised his wife.
You gave them this land flowing with milk and honey, which you swore to their fathers to give them.
Yahweh will make you slain before their face, and you shall go out against them from a distance, and shall flee before them from seven distances: and you shall be scattered among the nations of the earth.
Yahweh came again, and said to him, This man is not your reward, but your reward from him who comes forth from you.
King Solomon sent Benaiah the son of Jehoiada; and he struck him, and put him to death.
The Syrians fled before Israel: and David struck the seven hundred chariots of Syria, and the horsemen, and killed four thousand; and he struck Sochach the captain of their army, and put him to death there.
Awake, you sinners, and weep. Tear, you sweet-hearted, and weep for the sweet, for there is no time to come to your mouth.
I have heard that there is a division among you in this assembly, and I believe that it is true.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, Behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that I will punish the engraved images of Babylon; and all the wounded of the nation shall cry out.
Now all the house have risen up against your handmaid, and have said, Deliver the brother's body, that we may put him to death, and save the life of the brother, and cast away his retribution.' So they will blot out the remnant of me, and will not leave my husband a name to inherit the world.
Micaiah said, I have seen all Israel scattered as sheep without shepherd in the mountains. Thus says Yahweh, They shall return every man to his house in peace.
In the day that Gog rises up against the land of Israel, says the Lord Yahweh, My wrath will come out of my nostrils.
He went out on the Mount of Olives, and the apostles followed him.
They gave him a drink of bitter wine, but he didn't drink.
All the food that is eaten in that place is unclean, and that which is soiled in it, and that which is drunken in that vessel, is unclean.
He didn't spare the hand of a man, but gave life, and breath, and all that he had.
According to what he said in Hoshea, These are not my people, and I will call them my people; and these are not my desire, and I will call them my desire.
Let the heavens be opened, and come down. Let the mountains be astonished at your presence.
He sighs with a loud voice, And his counsel in that day is empty.
Then the word of Yahweh came to Nathan that night, saying,
Jesus answered them, God has done all that man can't do.
He who prophesies in the mouth of fools is like a hammer that goes into the hand of a drunken man.
Then Peniehah, El's wife, conceived, and bore a son, when she heard that the ark of Yahweh had been taken away, and that the eunuch and the husband were dead; for it had come quickly from the womb.
Manoah said to the angel of Yahweh, Please let me keep you, that we may prepare you a male goat.
The king of Israel said, Take Micaiah, and deliver him up to Amon the governor of the city, and to Joash the king's son, saying,
David said to the young man who spoke to him, Where have you come from? He said to him, I am the son of an Amalekites, a stranger.
The man said, What is your name? He said, I am Jacob.
Jonathan made a covenant with the house of David, and said, Yahweh give him the hand of the enemies of David.
Joseph had two sons born to him in Egypt: and Jacob's house came to Egypt with seventy men.
Take heed to yourself that you don't offer your burnt offerings in your own land.
I have seen that you have sinned against Yahweh your God, and have given yourself a bull, and have hurried from the way which Yahweh commanded you.
Judah took a guard of the temple, which the priests and the Pharisees had sent to him, out of the army of the Romans, with lampstands, chariots of fire, and shields.
If a servant escapes from his master, and runs to you, you shall not give him to his master.
Arise, and raise up your child, and carry him with your hand, and I will make him a great nation.
the third part shall be in the king's house, and the third part in the gate of the garden; and all the people shall be in the court of the house of Yahweh.
When all things are subdued under Christ, the Son will also be subdued under the God of all things, that God may rule over all things.
The woman said to Elijah, What have I to do with you, man of God? Come to me, that Yahweh may remember my sin, and that my son may die.
That you may escape from the wicked, From those who speak unrighteously.
So David set up an army of soldiers in the land of Aram in Damascus; and the Syrians subdued David, and honored him. Yahweh gave him victory wherever he went.
Woe to them! Woe to them! They will ask for a vision from the prophets! But the law of the priests and the counsel of the elders will be broken.
Saul said at that time, I will not eat. But his servants and his wives came to him, and he listened to their voice, and sat down on the bed.
Many will be sanctified to whiteness, and will be judged; but the wicked will do evil; and all the wicked will not be understood, but the wise will be understood.
Jesus said to him, Your brother will rise again.
Israel saw Joseph's two sons, and said, Who is this?
Stand firm in faith. Be strong and steadfast.
Yahweh said to me, Son of man, will you judge Ahorah and Ahorah? show them their abominations.
You son of the devil! Why do you desire to obey the truth of the Lord, full of all righteousness, and full of wickedness and wickedness?
One of them, Simon, sat in the boat, and Jesus sent it away, and departed from the dock. He sat on the boat, and taught the multitudes.
Therefore Jesus understood and said to them, Lazarus is dead.
Jesus said to him, Most assuredly I tell you, today you will sigh two times in the dark, and three times speak to me.
He stretched forth his hand as he did, and stood on my head: and the Spirit carried me up into heaven and into the earth, in the vision of God, and brought me to Jerusalem toward the north gate; and there was an engraved image, a mighty one.
The king said to them, As you see it, so will I do. So the king stood by the gate of the city, and the people went out one hundred and one thousand according to their houses.
They asked him to stay a few days, but he didn't answer.
You shall bring to me your firstborn son. Your oxen and your sheep shall do the same. Seven days you shall follow her, and on the eighth day you shall bring them to me.
Some of the most holy men buried St. Thomas, and wept for him with a loud voice.
One length, twenty-five thousand, and a breadth one hundred, shall be for the Levites to be ministers in the house, for their possession, twenty chambers.
Will his loving kindness fade away forever, And his promise be destroyed forever?
Saul arose from the ground, and his eyes were closed, and he didn't see anything. They took him by the hand, and brought him into Damascus.
When the five princes of the Philistines saw it, the city returned that day to Ekron.
You shall write a letter to the angels of the assembly in Alexandria, saying, As Amen, the testimonies of truth, and the first fruits of God,
Yahweh your God show us the way and the work which we shall do.
Therefore they fear him. He doesn't set a wise heart in order.
Your stumbling block shall be like a fig tree. There shall be a first-ripe fig tree, and when it is shaken, it shall be sown in the mouth of those who eat.
His right hand will lift up my head, His right hand will take hold of me.
I have preached to you the word which is called, which Christ died for our sins, as it is written,
God helped him against the Philistines, and against the Arabians who lived in Gulbaal, and against the Midianites.
The spoil, which the soldiers took with them, were sixty-seven thousand five thousand sheep;
You shall do no service in this day; for it is a day of iniquity, in which you are sinned before Yahweh your God.
Yahweh, the God of Armies, which of you is mighty? Your faithfulness is round about you.
and he gave thanks to the God of Og king of Bashan, for his loving kindness endures forever;
He said, Tailored garments are for the bridegroom.
Our bodies will continue to live in Jesus' bodies, that his life may be revealed in our bodies.
Yahweh, who can live in your tents, Who can dwell in your holy mountain?
I was very dismayed with you, and I was afraid, and trembled.
Saul and his men went to him; and they told David; and he went down to the rock, and lived in the wilderness of Maon. When Saul heard of it, he pursued David in the wilderness of Maon.
All the assembly lifted up their voice, and cried out with a loud voice: and all the people wept that night.
Yahweh, what a man is, you know him. What a man's son is, you remember him.
When Judas came, immediately he came to him, and cried to him with a loud voice, and kissed him.
Then Yahweh divided the kingdom of Israel, and made it smaller. Hazael fought against all Israel round about.
For if a thing goes unpunished, then the money is gone; and if the man bears a son, there is nothing in his hand.
At the end of the reign three hundred princes went down to David to the top of Adullam: and the army of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
Yahweh is with me, and I am not afraid. What can man do to me?
A different angel, who was over the altar, came out from the altar, and cried with a loud voice from the horns of his horn, saying, With the horns of your horn he has lifted up the grapes of the ground, for the grapes are grown.
The wicked shall depart from his way, and the unrighteous from his thoughts. Turn to Yahweh, and he will be merciful to him. Turn to our God, for he will walk in forgiveness.
They traveled from Pharaoh Philioth, and passed through the sea to the wilderness; and they walked in the wilderness of Ethon three days: and they encamped in Marah.
For I tell you, there is none who can eat of my bread from those whom I have asked.'
He said to them, The kings of the Gentiles rule over the people. The prince of the eunuchs is called the Lord.
Then answered the angel of Yahweh, and said, Yahweh of Armies, why have you no mercy until now, seeing the wrath of you from Jerusalem and from the cities of Judah is seventy years.
Moses took it out of their hand, and burnt it on the altar, a holy offering, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Jesus answered them, I tell you that I am. If you seek me, let these men go.
Yahweh your God will deliver them up before you, that they may be astonished, until they perish.
Woe to him, the signs and wonders of the earth! To him, the wonders of the sky! His kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, His dominion to all generations!
Dan shall judge his people as one of the tribes of Israel.
Yahweh will shut up the lips of sluggards. He will break the tongues of sluggards.
Jephthah said to the elders of Gilead, Take me away, and go back to battle against the children of Ammon; and Yahweh will deliver them up before me: shall I indeed be your chief?
As you are righteous outside, you are filled with falsehood and unrighteousness inside.
He who eats my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life. On the last day I will raise him up.
Therefore the Jews began to persecute him, because he was sick on the Sabbath day.
If a man causes the bird to see that he is in the midst of the net of Sidon, he seeks to catch it, or if he doesn't know how to hunt it.
Elisha said to him, Go, bless him, and say, You shall surely live; but Yahweh has shown me that he shall surely die.
After this, the Levites shall enter into the service of the tent of meeting; and you shall cleanse them, and offer them for a wave offering;
Do you teach others, but don't teach yourself? Do you teach men to steal, but don't steal yourself?
When the man saw him, he fell on his face, and cried to him, Jesus, the Son of the Most High, what have I to do with you? Don't let me be afflicted.
The captain of the armies in the second month was Dodi the Ahohite; and Miclot was chief of the armies; and in his division were twenty-four thousand men.
Joram was thirty-two years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eight years in Jerusalem: and there was none who remembered him from the world; and they buried him in the city of David; but he was not in the tombs of the kings.
Ephron answered Abraham,
The soldiers gave him a drink of bitter wine, but he didn't drink of it all.
All the peoples of the peoples shall give power and honor to Yahweh, and to Yahweh.
Let it be called The Hour of the Clement, that the world may see it day and night, that there be no iniquity among you, and a hard heart.
You shall appoint two boards, that they may be joined one to another.
For every man of the house of Israel, and of the strangers who live as foreigners among the children of Israel, who shall be with me, and shall accept his idol in his heart, and shall cause a land of iniquity to be before his own face, and shall come to the prophet, and shall inquire of me for his own sake; and I, Yahweh, will answer him by myself.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
He said to his father, Behold, there is a petition to you, that you grant me two months, that I and my companions may go up to the mountain to weep for a long time for my soul.
The father also will do the same to the sons and to the daughters. The children will rise up against their parents, and will kill them.
But Yahweh didn't stop his wrath against him, the wrath which he provoked against Judah; for Manasseh had provoked him to anger over these things.
I will multiply them on you, all the multitude of Israel, and all these cities shall be inhabited, and the desolate places shall be built.
Return, my daughter! Return, I am old, and I can't have a husband. If I say, I have hope, and I have a husband in gold, and I have a son,
So Joseph bought all the land of Egypt for Pharaoh; and the Egyptians sold every man his land because of the famine; and the land was Pharaoh's.
Joseph was thirty years old when he came to Pharaoh king of Egypt: and Joseph went out from Pharaoh's presence, and went through all the land of Egypt.
All these things Yahweh commanded Moses on Mount Sinai, on the day that he commanded the children of Israel to offer an offering to Yahweh in the wilderness of Sinai.
You will not accept the name of my Father whom I have chosen; but you will accept the name of another who has chosen his own name.
Philip said to him, Lord, show us the Father, and we will be satisfied.
Fear comes on those who dwell in the corners of the earth because of your signs. You delight them in the rising and the falling of the sun.
Therefore today, tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow, shall I do; for the prophets are not able to kill outside of Jerusalem.
From that time he began to prophesy, saying, Repent, for the Kingdom of Heaven is at hand!
When he had received from Jasper and the rest the money, he let them go.
Go up to Lebanon, and cry out to Bashan, and cry to Abarim; for all your love is consumed.
One pillar was eighteen cubits high, and the height ten cubits, and the breadth of it twelve cubits; and the height of it was evil, and in vain.
They argued with him, but he said to them, The prophets will be honored wherever they go, in their own country, and in their own house.
You shall rejoice, and I will do to you, because of the inheritance of the house of Israel: you shall be a desolation on Mount Seir, and you shall be a desolation throughout all Edom; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
They passed through Persia, and came to Pamphylia.
Then said Nicodemus, How can a man, who is old, become pregnant? Can he enter again into his mother's womb to become pregnant?
John continually said to Herod, You don't know the wives of your brothers.
He has not sinned, Neither has anyone heard him lying.
So the children of Edom rebelled against Judah, and escaped out of his hand to this day: and the children of Lipnah rebelled at that time.
Yahweh has walked on you according to the word which he spoke by me; and Yahweh has taken the kingdom out of your hand, and delivered it to David your brother.
For I know that through your prayer and through the Holy Spirit of Jesus Christ, I will be freed and redeemed.
They shall be a desolation in the midst of the lowland; and the cities of it shall be a desolation in the midst of the lowland.
For yet a little while, my anger will be kindled against you, And my wrath will cease from their destruction.
He said, Why does my lord pursue after his servant? What have I done that I have not seen? What is evil in my hands?
You have kept my head in the day of battle, The strength of my salvation, Lord Yahweh.
Now you have resorted, and have done that which is right in my eyes: every man proclaims his release from his neighbor, and makes a covenant before me in the house which is called by my name.
It happened, when Abram returned with the kings who were with him from the slaughter of Chedar Araumel, that the king of Sodom came out to meet him in the valley of Sheba, which is the valley of the king.
But as for me, I will hope in Yahweh, And wait for my God. My God will hear me.
The children of Israel took away the Baals and the Ashtaroth, and served only Yahweh.
He said to them, Bring back the fish that have been snared.
He broke off his head, and took off his robe, and sent to the land of the Philistines round about, and spread it among the houses of idols, and among the people.
I also delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of all the hands of those who oppressed you, and drove them out from before you, and gave their land to you.
The men who carried the armor went before the priest who blowed it, and after the ark went: and the priest blowed it again.
If Yahweh your God extends your border, as he swore to your fathers, And gives you all the land which he promised to your fathers.
Keep me, God, For I trust in you.
So these two great men stood in the house of God, and I and a quarter of the rulers stood there.
This lame man, whom you saw and knew, was strong in the name of Jesus. He rose up in the name of Jesus with all his heart, and you all saw it.
Yahweh said to Satan, Where have you come from? Satan answered Yahweh, and said, I have walked on the earth, and I have gone up; and I have walked there, and I have come from there.
I have called your name The olive tree of the green,' and it is pleasing to the eye, and yields good fruit: and I will set a fire on it with a shout of wrath, and its branches shall be broken.
Reuben said to them, Don't let him shed blood. Throw him into the cave of the wilderness, and don't let his hand kill him. His purpose was to deliver Joseph out of their hand, that he might return to his father.
Woe to you, man who oppresses, he will not be oppressed; and to him who commits a trespass, he will not be trampled; and to him who oppresses, he will be trampled: and to him who oppresses, he will be trampled; and to him who executes a trespass, he will be trampled.
The children of Israel fought against Baal Peor; and Yahweh was angry with the children of Israel.
Then said he concerning Gad, Blessed be Gad's ruler! He lies as a lion's cub. He breaks down his hands and his head.
We will utter all the words of our mouth toward the hearing, to burn incense, and to drink wine, according to the manner of our fathers, our kings, and our princes, in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem, and according to all that we have done: for our food will be full, and our peace, and we will not see evil.
But the Levites shall redeem the cities of the Levites, the houses of their possession, for ever.
Yahweh increase your sons and your daughters, And your sons' children with you.
Those who are circumcised and those who are uncircumcised are uncircumcised; and we are called those who are uncircumcised.
The Lord's loving kindness is renewed morning by morning. Your truth is exalted.
All the peoples, and all the nations, who serve you, shall perish; and all the nations shall be a desolation.
In this land are abominations and abominations.
For they didn't know the sign of the five loaves. Their heart was hardened.
Then Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard left in the land of Judah the poor and needy among the people, and gave them vineyards and fields.
The living creature was buried in the dust for him, And the seed was planted in the way for him.
Thus says Yahweh: If Zedekiah king of Judah, and his princes, and the remnant of Jerusalem, who are left in the land, and the inhabitants of it, they shall not eat of them, because they are very evil;
Araunah said to David, My lord the king, bring you what seems good to you: behold, there are oxen here for a burnt offering, and vessels of grain, and chariots of oxen here for wood.
That the wise may hear, and be strengthened; That the understanding may have good knowledge;
I remembered God, and was grieved. I held my peace, and my spirit ceased. Selah.
He forsook the tent of Shiloh, which he had set up among men.
Give your yoke to Yahweh, and he will lift you up. He will never let the righteous tremble.
But I am as a mute man who doesn't hear, As an eagle who doesn't open his mouth to speak.
Now therefore, because you have received the word which I have spoken to you, you have been strengthened.
You, Lord our God, have brought forth your people out of the land of Egypt with a mighty hand, and have made you a name, as at this day: we have sinned, and we have done wickedly.
On the sixth day Eliasaph the son of Tiuel, prince of the children of Gad
the cords of the hands, the linen garments, the coverings of the thighs, and the coverings of the thighs.
Isn't Yahweh's purpose for me to come now against this land to destroy it? Yahweh said to me, Go up against this land to destroy it.
There is a boat going. The great fish which you have made are sown there.
When he saw him from afar, he ran and fell on his face,
He gave to all the people, even to all the children of Israel, both male and female, a loaf of bread, a loaf of flesh, and a loaf of grapes: and all the people departed, everyone to his own house.
He said to them, I also will ask you one question. If you answer me, then I will tell you what authority I have to do.
The south will have Mount Esau, and the south Philistines, and the field of Ephraim and the field of Samaria; and the children of Benjamin Gilead.
The poor and needy shall seek water, and shall not find it; for they shall cry, and they shall eat; and I, Yahweh, will answer them; and I, the God of Israel, shall not forsake them.
Turn away from the lusts of the young men, and join yourself with those who call on the Lord in righteousness, faith, love, and peace.
Jesus answered them, It is written, You shall not test the Lord your God.'
Balaam answered Balak, What do I have to say now that I am come to you? What God has given me, and I have spoken it.
The wicked don't understand righteousness, But all those who seek Yahweh understand.
Let those who fear you come to me, That they may know your precepts.
But what can we boast about? None! What can we do? What can we do? Or what can we do? No, but faith.
Why do the wicked live, and live long, and are strong in spirit?
Speak good words to Jerusalem, and show him that his wars are won, and his iniquities are forgiven; and that he has been punished both for his iniquities, and for the hand of Yahweh.
One man from among the king's relatives made a covenant with him, and swore to him; and he took the princes of the land.
Speak to Aaron, and tell him, When you light the lamp, then the seven lamps shall shine before the lampstand.
Now therefore have we brought to Yahweh all the vessels of gold, and the snuffers, and the snuffers, and the snuffers, and the cords, and the snuffers, that we might make atonement for ourselves before Yahweh.
He is wise, and he is foolish. Who can know? Yes, he will rule over him in the daytime, and over all that he does in wisdom. This also is vanity.
Moreover a fool walks in the way, and lacks wisdom; and he tells the people that he is a fool.
For what will a man receive, if he labors under the sun?
Those who afflict you in peace, and all their seed shall bow before you; and those who despise you shall bow down before you: and they shall call you the city of Yahweh, and Zion the Holy One of Israel.
You have given him the desire of his heart. You have opened his mouth. Selah.
that all men may honor the Son as the Father; and those who don't honor the Son, they don't honor the Father who sent him.
I have bought servants and handmaids, and have been born in my house, and have had many herds and flocks, more than all the men who were before me in Jerusalem.
From the first day of the first month began to do that which was clean; and the eighth day came to the door of Yahweh, to the house of Yahweh, to the fourteenth day of the first month.
A man's foot is Yahweh's foot. Shall a man know his way?
Yahweh built Jerusalem, and gathered Israel together, and sent them away to the Gentiles.
He doesn't know that his grain and his wine and his oil are mine, and that his silver and his gold are mine; and with all these he serves Baal.
Go to my relatives and to my peoples, and take a wife for Isaac my son.
He named him Joseph, saying, Yahweh increase my son also.
He made poles of acacia wood, and overlaid them with gold.
Of Naphtali there were one thousand captains of thousands, with shields and spears; and after them there were thirty-seven thousand men.
I have tested all things with wisdom. I said, I will be a wise man, but wisdom is far from me.
They went out, and God made all the cities that were round about them afraid; and they didn't pursue after Jacob's sons.
All the things that were on the tent were numbered, according to all that the Levites were able to do in it, according to the commandment of Moses, by the numbering of the hands of Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest.
Her face was beautiful, and she was virgin, and there was no one to come near her. She went down to the pit, and filled her chambers.
If the city blows a trumpet, won't the people be afraid? If the plague comes on a city, won't it be brought down by Yahweh?
I saw a throne sitting on it, a power of judgment; and I saw the spirit of those who testify about Jesus, and of those who testify about the land of God, who didn't worship the beast or the beast, and didn't cover him with a shield in their hands: and they were raised together with him a thousand years.
It is a fire, that shall devour and devour, and shall cut off the root of all my fruit.
Wherever your servant is found, he shall be put to death, and we will be my master's servant.
The angel who spoke with me said, What are these, my lord?
Who knows the thoughts of the Lord? Who can give counsel to him?
Then said Saul's scribe, Tell me now, What has Samuel said to you?
The children of Israel turned back in the battle; and the children of Benjamin struck Israel with their hands about thirty times; and they said, They have slain Israel as before.
Out of the tribe of Naphtali, Kedesh of Galilee with its suburbs, the city of refuge for the slain, and Hammothod with its suburbs, and Carthanna with its suburbs, three cities.
Samuel spoke all the words of Yahweh to the people, even to the king whom he asked of him, saying,
Yahweh our Lord, your name is exalted in all the earth.
But I have grass and oil to give to the donkey, and bread to give to my own self, and to my handmaid, and to the young men who follow me.
Most assuredly I tell you, if a grain of wheat isn't sown and dies, it is only a handful; and if it dies, there will be many grains of wheat.
In Christ, you are filled with all riches and knowledge.
This city shall be a pleasant name to me in all the nations, a blessing and a glory; for all the nations have heard all the good that I have given them; and they shall tremble at all the good that I have given them, and at all the peace that I have given them.
So Jebusite Melech took the men, and brought them into the king's house, to the chamber under the king's roof: and he took the sashes, and put them on his clothes, and tied the cords, and carried them down to Jeremiah.
For you have taken away many nations, and the remnant of the nations have taken away you; for you have shed blood, and waged a violent famine in the land, and in the cities, and in the habitations of those who dwell therein.
They turned and came to the house of the young man, to the house of Micah, and greeted him.
He saw the golden crown, and the palm tree that was in their sister's hand, and heard the words of Rebekah their sister, saying, Thus and thus has the man said to me. He went to the man, and saw the man standing by the camel's horn, by the spring of water.
They gathered themselves together against the life of the righteous, And against the innocent.
then his brother shall come to him before the elders, and put his hand on the man's face, and put his mouth on his face, and say, Thus shall he do to him who doesn't want to establish his brother's house.
Samuel said, Your sword has killed a woman, and your mother has killed a woman. Samuel broke Agag in pieces before Yahweh in Gilgal.
But if he gives one portion of his inheritance to one of his servants, it shall be to him in the year of his release, in the year of his release. As for his inheritance, it shall be left to his sons.
On the top of the lord was a fortified camp, with a height of four cubits; and on the top of the lord was his shovel, and his snare, with the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of the lord of
The mountains shall be lifted up, and the hills shall be desolate; but my loving kindness shall not depart from you, neither shall my covenant of peace be desolate, says Yahweh who has mercy on you.
He will greet you, and will greet you, the children of your sister who are chosen by God.
He lived in the wilderness of Balaam; and his mother took him a wife out of the land of Egypt.
Therefore in that day, according to the Good News which I preach, God will judge in Christ Jesus.
Yahweh God laid the man in the garden of Eden, and planted him, and kept him.
and that the waters of Hermon may be poured out on Mount Zion; for there Yahweh will bless, an everlasting life.
The temple was full of the glory of God, and the smoke of his power, until the seven angels' seven plagues were finished, and no one could enter into the temple.
Solomon made a bond with Pharaoh king of Egypt, and took Pharaoh's daughter as wife, and brought her into the city of David, until she had built her house, and the house of Yahweh, and all the wall of Jerusalem round about.
If you go to a new house, then you shall be a prisoner in the house, that no man fall from there, and the blood of blood remain in your house.
They told it to him, and to all their household.
Wisdom will keep you from sexual immorality, From the snare of flatteries.
Yahweh said to Jehu, Because you have done good, and have done that which I have seen good, and have dealt well with the house of Ahab according to my heart, your seed shall be ruler over Israel all generations.
You shall not forsake your friend, nor your father's friend: in a day of trouble you shall not go to your brother's house: a neighbor is greater than a neighbor.
Another said, I have a wife, and I can't go anywhere.'
Speak to the children of Israel, and tell them, Let them make a chain from the third part of it, and a linen cloth of blue on the third part of it.
Woe to you, Yahweh! For the days of Yahweh are at hand! As destruction comes from the Almighty!
and the river shall be full of pomegranates; and they shall arise, and go into your palace, and into your bedchamber, and into the house of your servants, and into the body of your people, and into your kneading trough, and into your kneading trough.
and to Jathel with its suburbs, and to Jesitemo with its suburbs,
When the feast was finished, they returned, but the boy Jesus was still in Jerusalem, and his father and his mother didn't know it.
He said to the king, Thus says Yahweh, Because you have let go the man whom I have appointed to destroy, your life shall be before his life, and your people before his people.
It happened in the twenty-ninth year of Jotham the son of Uzziah, that Hoshea the son of Elah rebelled against Pekah the son of Remaliah, and struck him, and killed him, and kept his word.
The lion is the first of the wild animals; he shall not flee for other things;
You shall not gather the grain of the field to the brink of the brink, neither shall you gather the grain of the field to the brink of the brink: it shall be for the needy, and for the foreigner. I am Yahweh your God.
The blind man, when he heard that many were passing by, asked what was going on.
But he said that he was building himself a house.
The fire went before him, And devoured all his enemies round about him.
The souls are Noah's preparations from the ark. He will wait patiently for those who are obedient and obeying. Those who enter into the ark will be few, and few, but they will be saved by the waters.
Arise, Yahweh, the God of Armies, the God of Israel, and judge the nations. Don't be merciful to those who do wickedly. Selah.
Blessed is he who keeps wisdom. Blessed is he who keeps understanding.
The disciples said to him, Behold, tens of thousands call to you. Why do they say, Who touched me?'
After these things there came a certain Joseph of Arimathaea, who begged Pilate that he might come and take Jesus' body. He came and took Jesus' body, because he was afraid of the Jews. Pilate agreed, and Joseph came and took Jesus' body.
Return, God of Armies. Look down from the sky, and see the vine.
Then the iron, and the clay, and the brass, and the silver, and the gold, were broken into pieces, and became a spring of summer in the threshing floor, and a scattering of the wind, and there was no place for them: and the stone that was found was a great mountain, and filled the whole land.
Ahinoam the Jezreelitess, David's wife, and Abigail the wife of Nabal the Carmelitess, brought them captive.
You have nourished yourselves in the truth. With the rest of the saints there is a true hand, and you love one another with all your heart and with all your soul.
It will happen in the morning, when the sacrifice is made, that water will come out of the way of Edom, and the land will be full of water.
The blood of their Lambs, and the testimony of their testimony, have prevailed against them. They are a prey to their life.
All the good things that Yahweh has spoken to the house of Israel shall be fulfilled, not a word of rebuke.
Remember your servants Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and don't forget the stubbornness of this people, their evil, and their sin,
He went out, and saw great multitudes, and was kind to them, and healed those who were sick.
He arose, and rebuked the wind, and commanded the waters to come down. The wind ceased, and the waters came down also.
If he who condemns a man has the same glory, doesn't he who condemns without sin have greater glory?
The cherubim stretched forth their wings twenty cubits; and their feet stood, their faces toward one another.
Joseph arose, and brought the child with his mother into the land of Israel.
Let his sons be fathers, And his wives widows.
You have five lords, and they are not your lords. You say this without a cause.
Then said king Ahasuerus to Esther the queen, and to Mordecai the Jew, Because Haman seeks to destroy Judah, and I have given his possession to Esther, and they have hanged Haman on a beam.
You shall not have any man with you, neither shall you see any man on the mountains; neither shall you let the herds or the flocks eat grass on the mountains.
Don't ponder this, for the time is near, when all the dead who are in the tombs will hear the voice of the Son out of the tomb.
He commanded the angel to speak to their lord, saying, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Thus shall you speak to your lord:
The arrows went into Judah, and filled the waters of Ishmash, and went up to the neck: and the wings of Emmanuel were stretched out, and filled your land.
When she has departed from her house, she shall go and marry another man.
But some of them gathered themselves together, and profaned the Lord's word before them. He took his disciples away from them, and argued day by day in the court of the Tulanos.
They returned from the entrance of the gate of the spring of David, from the wall of the city, which is on the wall of the king of David, eastward to the spring of the spring.
They deceived their neighbors, saying, I am a handmaid;
For my people forget me, and burn incense to a false spirit; and they cause them to stumble in the way in which they go, and in the way in which they go; they cause them to wander in the way, and don't reach high;
But you don't know the day nor the hour. The angels of the heavens don't know, neither the Son, but the Father.
But Peter said, Lord, don't look, for I have not eaten unclean things.
He gave to the sons of Merari four chariots and four oxen, according to their service: and they gave to Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest dominion.
Jesus said to him, What is your name? The man said to him, My name is Glory,' for we are a great ark.
I am afraid. Therefore I have put your money in the ground. Your money is restored to you.'
Nebuchadnezzar the king swore to him, but he rebelled, and stiffened his neck, and nourished his heart, and believed in Yahweh, the God of Israel.
But if a man desires to be called, he can't do it alone. But if you do these things, go and do them to the eyes of the world.
The house of Ephraim built an altar to make atonement; therefore the altar made atonement for them.
I love him who loves me. He who seeks after me will find him.
Our hearts wait for Yahweh all the days of our lives. He is our help and shield.
Soriath the son of an oppressor shall be prince over the house of Merari: and they shall encamp on the north side of the tent of meeting.
These are men whom you don't speak of, for now is the time to be quiet.
He asks for life from you, and you give him. He lives forever.
After you have opened the door, and after you have opened the door, stand in your memory, and go up to another man, and make a covenant with him, and behold, you see their bed, and are very glad.
A fool says to a wise man, Give us a little of your fat, for our lamp is about to go out.'
For your loving kindness is better than life. My lips will praise you.
For this cause he has given them a retribution, And he has rebuked the falsehood.
There came a woman uncircumcised, whose name was Luda, a Jew who worshiped God in the days of Ephesus. God opened his heart, and made him listen with all his heart to the words of Paul.
When Jacob had commanded his sons, he put his foot on his bed, and he bowed his head, and returned to his fathers.
Let the merciful hand of our God be on us, and let them bring one prudent man among the children of Machir the son of Levi, of the children of Israel; and Sherebiah, and his sons, and his brothers, eighteen men.
Don't forget to give to the stranger; for he who does this will receive angels in secret.
Jehoiachin did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, according to all that his father had done.
But when the captain of the guard wanted to save Paul, he imposed a ban on them, and commanded that those who had sinned should dance on the watercourses.
Yahweh said to Moses, Command Aaron's sons to be priests, saying, If any man of the Kadesh dies, he shall not defile himself.
He will not break the snare of wounds, Neither will he blow the trumpets, Until he has established righteousness.
Therefore what you speak in darkness, you will be heard in light. What you speak in the chambers, you will be prophesied in the walls.
Let Yahweh's face be pleased with you, And give you peace.
The steps of those who walk are like my steps, And the distance between you and me is a long way.
If Yahweh of Armies had not left us a remnant, we would have been as Sodom and as Gomorrah destroyed.
A righteous man does right, and perishes; and a wicked man does evil, and perishes long days; and I have seen it all day long.
Let their eyes be dim, so that they can't see; And let their steps be turned back forever.
If therefore the husband lives with another man, he will be called a prostitute; and if the husband dies, he will be freed from the law's snare, and it will be no sexual immorality, though he is with another man.
Yahweh will make Judah his inheritance in the holy place; and he will choose Jerusalem.
Don't deceive yourself. He who deceives himself with the deceit of the world will be wise, but he who is foolish shall be wise.
You shall put them on the treasury of the priests, and mark them for the children of Israel: and Aaron shall write their names on their shoulders before Yahweh for a mark.
A foolish man eats up, As if he had broken his own foot, And opened his own mouth.
The light of the eye makes the heart glad. Good news stirs up the root of the soul.
Brothers, God loves us, and we also love him.
The man said, Your name shall no more be called Jacob, but Israel; for you shall prevail, both you, and God, and man, in the camp.
When therefore we heard of you, we prayed for you, and begged God that you might receive wisdom and understanding from the Spirit, and that you might be able to discern his will,
I, Paul, greet you from my own heart. Remember how I am now. May the grace of God be with you.
David departed that day, and fled from Saul, and escaped to Achish king of Gath.
The heart of a man who seeks the evil is in vain. He who seeks the good finds joy.
As brothers to the brothers of Christ, you are called to confess Jesus, whom we have confessed to be a messenger and a high priest.
Shall I eat the flesh of the bull, Or drink the blood of the goat?
Yahweh, let your loving kindness be on us, As we have hoped for you.
He didn't allow the angels to sin, but he cast them into Sheol, and put them in a deep of darkness, and waited for judgment there.
one male goat for a sin offering;
The God who commanded the light to come out of darkness, the God who poured out the light into our hearts, whom we know to be glorified in the face of Jesus Christ.
Happy are you, you men, and happy are your servants, that they may always stand before you to hear your wisdom.
If a man's heart is troubled, he will be burned up. A good word will delight him.
Let him be condemned when he is judged. Let his prayer be turned into iniquity.
We touched the wall, and shook it, as the blind; and we shook, as the unwitting man; and we stumbled in the daytime, as in the twilight; and we died in the midst of the mighty, as in the midst of the dead.
Look down from heaven, and see from your holy and glorious place. Where is your zeal and your mighty work? The heart of your love endures against me.
You make grass, that the animals may eat, and that the grass may be a labor of men, and that the food may be brought forth out of the earth;
He gave bread to all Israel, both to man and to woman, every man to his bread, and to his flesh, and to his wine.
For they all knew that the woman was dead, and they ridiculed him.
Job answered,
Yahweh spoke to Moses and Aaron on Mount Hor, which is by the border of Edom, saying,
In the day of wrath there is no profit, but righteousness delivers from death.
These are the sins of Meribah, because the children of Israel argued with Yahweh; and Yahweh sanctified himself to them.
Then Nebuchadnezzar was full of wrath, and commanded from Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, that men should go to burn more than seven times as much coal;
I will send a fire on the wall of Tyre, And it shall devour its palaces.
and fifty-four thousand four hundred.
Son of man, utter a lamentation to the king of Tyre, and tell him, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: You are perfect in all your works, and are wise and wise, and perfect in all your beauty.
Yahweh was with the master when he raised them up, and he delivered them out of the hand of their enemies in all the days of the life of the master. They wept because of their oppression, and Yahweh was merciful to them.
The sons of Meshelemiah and their brothers were mighty men of valor, eighteen men.
I have revealed your name to those whom you have chosen out of the world. They are yours, and you have given them, and they have kept your word.
But if a man goes on his way in the night, he shall stumble, because there is no light to go on.
But Jesus said to him, A certain man was hungry, and he was surrounded by many.
and one male goat for a sin offering, to make atonement for you.
I will rejoice over Jerusalem, and be glad for my people. I will hear no more the cry of weeping, nor the cry of wailing,
It happened on that day, that Laban brought forth to him sons a flock of rams, and a flock of rams, and a flock of goats, and a flock of oxen.
Then the wicked will be revealed. When he comes, he will kill him with his mouth, And destroy him with the glory of his coming.
After him was Shallum the son of Horohesh, who was one third over Jerusalem; and Shallum the daughter of his wife with his daughters.
For he who saves his life shall lose it; and he who loses his life for my sake shall be saved.
He shall not escape from darkness. The fire shall devour his branches. He shall die from the breath of Yahweh that is in his mouth.
Moreover Yahweh has sworn against me because of your wrath, and has caused me to pass over the Jordan, and has caused me to enter into the beautiful land which Yahweh your God gives you for an inheritance.
You shall offer for this lamb the fourth part of a hin of the meal offering: and in the sanctuary you shall offer the first part of the meal offering to Yahweh.
You say, God has recited his iniquity to his son. I say, He has also repaid him for himself, that he may know it.
You know that we have dealt with everyone of you as with his father, even with his own children.
If you, fools, don't die, then will you live?
and to cut stones, and to cut wood, and to make all kinds of work.
Isaac his father said to him, Come near, my son.
Your rebuke, God of Jacob, goes forth. The chariots and the horses lie in wait.
While we slept in this tent, we didn't gather up the things that were on the surface of the earth, but we gathered up the things that were thick, that we might recompense the things that were dead.
Return, and tell Jeroboam, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, I have taken you out of the midst of the people, and have made you prince over my people Israel:
But Yahweh brought you up out of Egypt from the snare of iron, to be a people of his possession, as it is this day.
The king said, Go, see where he is; and I will send to take him. One said to the king, Behold, he is in Tod.
Jonathan said to him, Tomorrow is the first day of the month, and your words are empty, that you may not be present.
Then Amnon lay unclean, and the king came to see him. Amnon said to the king, Please let my sister Tamar come to me, and bake me two loaves before me, and I will eat them out of her hand.
They pour out your people's blood as water round about Jerusalem, And no one buryes them.
He alighted from his garments which he had put on, and ate with the king of Babylon all the days of his life.
Their graves were deep in the midst of their pits, and their people were slain by the sword round about their graves; and they were terrorized in the land of the living.
All who remain of your house shall bow down to him, and ask one silver and one bread, saying, Give me one ephod, that I may eat bread.'
The Lord said to them, If you have a great faith, even a mighty one, and command this tree, saying, Bring your roots to the sea,' that tree will obey you.
Therefore I trembled before him. I was afraid when I saw it.
Whoever breaks my covenant, and doesn't listen to the voice of my covenant, when he takes a bull, and walks through it, and breaks my covenant which I made before me;
If you blow only one trumpet, then all the princes, even the heads of the fathers' houses of Israel, shall be gathered to you.
Then Eliphaz the Temanite answered,
The five curtains shall be five in number; and the five curtains shall be five in number.
Son of man, behold, the house of Israel says, The vision which he sees is a thing of many days; and the prophecy which he speaks is a long time.
But Peter said, I don't know what you are talking about, my friend. When he was speaking, immediately the house wept.
Joseph said to his father and to his brothers, and their father rebuked him, saying, What is this dream which you have dreamed? Do you say, I am with your mother and with your brothers, that I should bow down to you?
I have served God with all my heart, and have preached the Good News of his Son with all my soul. God will testify about me, and I will always remember you in my prayers,
Afterward he went out, and found seven more evil spirits than himself, and went in there, and lived there: therefore the end of the man was worse than the first; and so shall the generation of this wickedness be.
For our fathers have sinned, and have done that which is evil in the sight of Yahweh our God, and have departed from him, and turned their faces, and turned their backs toward the dwelling place of Yahweh.
It happened, when they heard the word by the way, that the devil took it out of their heart, so that they couldn't believe the word, and be saved.
Now concerning the children of Israel, Isaiah prophesied, saying, Even though the children of Israel are as the sand of the sea, they shall be saved by the remnant of the fish.
All the captives of Judah shall curse men with these two men, saying, Yahweh make you as Zedekiah and as Ahab, and the king of Babylon shall burn you with fire.
They went to Hilkiah the high priest, and delivered to him all the money that was offered in the house of Yahweh: and the money was the money of the Levites who kept the gate, who brought back out of Manasseh, and out of Ephraim, and out of all Israel, and out of Judah, and out of Benjamin, and out of all the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
For I said to him, Life is for Christ, and greater is its profit.
But the little ones, and the disobedient, and the abominable, and the murderers, and the sexually immoral, and the idolaters, and all those who prophesy lies, have appointed for them a place to go, a place that burns with fire and sulfur; and this is the second death.
The children of Beeroth fled before them to Gittim, and were encamped there to this day.
When Eliab David's brother heard that he was talking with men, he said to David in anger, Why are you come down here? and who are you to deliver the ram to in the wilderness? for I know your pride, and the evil that is in your heart, that you are come down to see the war.
He who is on the housetop shall not enter into the house to take anything.
The woman said to Elijah, Now I know that you are a man of God, and that all the words of Yahweh which you speak are true.
His disciples asked him what this parable was.
If you fear Yahweh, and serve him, and listen to his voice, and don't rebel against the commandment of Yahweh, then you and the kings who rule over you will be well with Yahweh your God.
So that I will be famished, And will want to die, And will have more bones left over.
Speak to them, saying, As I live, says the Lord Yahweh, I will not let the wicked die, but let the wicked return from his way, and live: return, house of Israel, and depart from the evil way; why then will you be put to death?
The chronicle of Nihemiah the son of Hachilah. In the twenty-ninth year, in the month Kishlus, was I in the palace of the king of Susan.
But the righteous shall be delivered from Yahweh; and Yahweh shall be their refuge in times of trouble.
But if not, let them show me what I don't have, when I stand in the midst of the assembly, and when I die.
It happened, when the king was in his house, and Yahweh had given him rest from his enemies round about,
In that day, I will make the heads of fathers' houses of Judah like fire in the midst of the wood, and like ashes in the midst of the kneading trough: and they shall consume the nations that are round about them on the right hand and on the left; and the inhabitants of Jerusalem shall dwell in their own land, even in Jerusalem.
He lifted up his voice, and a swarm of flies came; and a swarm of flies filled their land.
Therefore king Joash called Jehoiada the priest, and the rest of the priests, and said to them, Why haven't you taken the place where the house is broken up? now therefore take no more money from the man whom you know, but give it out, that you may take the place where the house is broken up.
They delivered them to the princes of Rome, saying, These two are Jews, arguing over our cities;
David said afterward to Yahweh, Shall I go up to the city of Judah? Yahweh said to him, Go up. David said, Where shall I go up? He said, To Hebron.
When she came to the man of God to the mountain, she fell down at his feet. Gehazi came near to pull him out, and the man of God said, Serve him; for he is in affliction, and Yahweh has hidden himself from me.
Your words are sweeter in my mouth, And sweeter in my mouth than honey.
The voice of Yahweh is mighty. The voice of Yahweh is full of majesty.
When you hear of wars and troubles, don't be afraid; for they will surely happen, but the end won't be immediately.
Samson came to Gaza, and found a prostitute there; and he came near to her.
Yahweh strengthened me, and made me a word of David my father, and built me a house according to his word which he promised: and I swore by his eternal life that Adonijah shall surely die this day.
It happened, while Jacob was talking with them, that Rachel brought the sheep of their father, because the sheep were his.
He was divided into seven hundred princes, and he divided himself into three hundred. These things afflicted him.
It happened, when they had gone out from Bethel, and were yet a little while from Ephrathah, that Rachel was taken, and found a prisoner.
When his parents saw him, they marveled. His mother said to him, Why do you do this to us, son? Behold, your father is very afflicted with me, and seeks you.
Behold, these are wicked men. They have prospered continually. Their treasures are multiplied.
For Yahweh will make atonement for you in this day, and cleanse you; and you shall be cleansed from all your iniquities before Yahweh.
The righteous shall receive the grace of Yahweh, But the treacherous shall be condemned to death by Yahweh.
I have walked in the way of righteousness, And in the way of justice;
Three times in the year all your males shall come to the Lord Yahweh, the God of Israel.
The people said, You have not hurt us, neither oppressed us, nor taken anything out of man's hand.
When you see that his heart is upright before you, you make a covenant with him, to give to his seed the land of the Canaanites, and of the Hittites, and of the Amorites, and of the Perizzites, and of the Jebusites, and of the Gigashite; and you shall establish your word, for you are righteous.
He answered them, The man whose name was Jesus drew the dust from my eyes, and said to me, Go, wash in the pool of Siloam.' I washed, and immediately I saw.
Jeremiah the prophet wrote from Jerusalem to the captains of thousands who were still in the land, and to the priests, and to the prophets, and to all the people, whom Nebuchadnezzar had carried away captive from Jerusalem to Babylon.
Bathsheba said, Give Abishag the Shunammite as wife to Adonijah your brother.
The light is good, and the sight of the light is pleasing to the eye.
They shall die like the flocks of Sheol, and be their shepherds until the morning; and the upright shall rule over them in the morning; and their carcasses shall be consumed in Sheol, so that there shall be no dwelling place.
Behold, Egypt, which you trust in, is a broken reed: if anyone trusts in it, he shall smite into his hand: so is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all who trust in him.
I will drive you from my presence, as I have driven all your brothers the children of Ephraim.
The angel who talked with me said to me, Speak, and say, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, I am zealous for Jerusalem, and for Zion.
When the Son of Man comes, and eats and drinks, you shall say, He is a greedy man, a tax collector, and a friend of sinners.'
This is the burnt offering, the meal offering, the sin offering, the trespass offering, the holy sacrifice, and the peace offerings.
A voice was heard from Dan, and evil was reported from Mount Ephraim.
You shall make a ring of fine twined linen, of fine twined linen, of blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen.
Jonah said to them, Take me up, and cast me into the sea, and the sea shall be quiet; for I know that you have found this great wind for my sake.
Great knowledge filled his chambers with treasures and riches.
For man always bound him with a belt and a chain; but the belt was broken in pieces, and the belt was worn out. There was no strength to subdue him.
It happened, as he passed by the gate, that he went to his father to take a field: and he came down from the donkey, and Caleb said, What will you?
While Peter was still contemplating this vision, the Holy Spirit said to him, Three men are coming to you.
I saw, the palace of the king of Judah was like the crown of Lebanon; but I would surely make it a wilderness, and a city of no man.
He whom God sent spoke the word of God, because he didn't intend to give him the Holy Spirit.
that we may praise the glory of God, all of us who are in Christ,
They have played the harp in the banquet of wine, and have sounded the harp, and have blown the trumpet, and have drunk the wine: they have not remembered the ways of Yahweh, neither have listened to the work of his hands.
He made the bases, and the basins for the bases;
Yahweh, I trust in you. Don't let me be disappointed forever. Deliver me according to your righteousness.
It happened, when there was no wind in the midst of it, that the sky melted, and the cloud covered it with a great rain. So Ahab took his chariot, and went to Jezreel.
The horses which a fugitive man rides on are unclean.
The man of God said to him in wrath, Five times in that hour shall you strike Syria; and it shall be against it until it be consumed: but you shall strike the Syrians three times.
Peter and his disciples went to the tomb.
But to this day I have the throne of God, that I may stand, and testify against the honorable and the lowly. All that I have spoken, and all that the prophets and Moses have spoken, concerning the things to come,
As for me, am I an astonishment to men? Why isn't my spirit revived?
Talshite and the kings of the islands shall be glorified; and Sheba and the king of Sheba shall offer offerings.
But keep all that you have until I come.
But Saul was yet determined to kill the Lord's disciples. He went to the high priest,
The pillars were before the house, one on the right hand, and one on the left: the name of the one on the left was Jachin, and the name of the other Boaz.
I will turn you again, and I will bring you near, and will bring you from the uttermost parts of the north country, and will bring you to the mountain of Israel.
All the people of the land rejoiced, and all the city was quiet: and they killed Athaliah with the sword in the king's house.
A righteous man walks in his own way, But a wicked man stumbles because of his own wickedness.
Seventy men of your fathers went down into Egypt: now Yahweh your God has made you like the stars of the sky.
Come, house of Jacob! Let us walk in the light of Yahweh.
I will harden Pharaoh's heart, And will do many of my signs and wonders in the land of Egypt.
Who can speak of the power of Yahweh? Who can declare all his fame?
I will say to God, my rock, Why don't you remember me? Why do I grieve, and walk, because of the oppression of my enemies?
As for this, Yahweh commanded him not to follow other gods; but he didn't keep the commandment of Yahweh.
If a rich man sees his brother's sorrow, or his sister's sorrow, but doesn't have a merciful heart, how can he say that he loves God?
You shall not offer to Yahweh the wounded, or those who seek, or those who are wounded, or those who are weary; neither shall you do so in your land.
Don't be far from me. For there is no one who is willing to help me in trouble.
The people cried out, and the priests blew the trumpet: and when the people heard the sound of the trumpet, they cried out with a loud voice; and the wall fell on its roof, and the people went in and went every man in and took the city.
You shall see no more the light of the lamp, neither shall you hear the sound of the bridegroom nor of the bride; for all your merchants are wise men on the earth, and all nations have made your iniquity a snare.
But I will send them by a whirlwind into the nations which they don't know; and the land will be desolate after they go, so that no man shall pass through it; for they have made a pleasant land desolate.
They lifted up their voice, and kissed each other, but Ruth and she left him alone.
Therefore I hate the book, for all the work that I do under the sun is my labor. For all this is vanity and a chasing after wind.
and the tribe of Gad: and the prince of the children of Gad shall be Eliasaph the son of Tiuel.
The children of Israel did according to the word of Moses: they took from the Egyptians vessels of silver, and vessels of gold, and garments.
I tell you, if the days of judgment come, the punishment of Sodom is better than the punishment of that city.
They came to hear him, and to be afflicted with him, and those who had been possessed by demons were afflicted.
But he who hears that he isn't building is like a man who builds a house on the ground, and doesn't build foundation, and causes a brook to burst; and immediately the house falls, and it is very grievous.
and all the remnant of this wicked people, whom I have driven away to them, shall they die, and live, says Yahweh of Armies.
The old man said, Peace be to you. I will give you the fat that you need, but you shall not stay all night in the streets.
I will be merciful to you, that they may be merciful to you, and that you may return to your own land.
Yahweh, you are everlasting. Your throne shall not cease.
When the man saw that he couldn't contain him, he struck Jacob on the shoulder; and when he struck Jacob on the shoulder, he sinned.
There is no one who understands the divisions, Nor who seeks God.
Therefore watch, for you don't know when your master will return, or when he will come, or when he will sleep, or when he will be hungry, or when he will weep, or when the sun will shine.
Every morning he passes by, and will carry you away. Every morning he passes by, and there is no night; but the word which is preached is feared.
His master put him into prison, in the place where the king's sin was committed. Joseph was put into prison.
In those days shall the house of Judah walk with all Israel; and they shall come together out of the land of the north, to the land which I gave to your fathers for an inheritance.
To him who created the heavens with wisdom, For his loving kindness endures forever.
In that day, says Yahweh, I will cut off your horses from you, and will destroy your chariots.
Then I answered, Behold, I am come! My things are written in a book.
If the king and the people break this commandment with their hands, and destroy the house of God that is in Jerusalem, then let the God of his name destroy them. I, Darius, have utterly broken this commandment.
But I will sacrifice to you in the voice of my peace, And deliver my vows to Yahweh.
But not everyone has this knowledge. Some worship idols, and when they eat them, they think that they eat idols. Their heart is troubled, and they think that they are defiled with them.
But if I remember that you groan when we leave you alone, I want to see you again, that I may be filled with joy.
Why am I able to bear you alone, my fellow man, your oppression, and your strife?
As he sat with them, he took bread, and gave thanks, and split it among them.
Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, Who does marvelous things.
and said to them, You did that which Moses the servant of God commanded you, and you did that which I commanded you.
For fire has risen in my anger to the depths of Sheol, and has devoured the earth and its fruit, and has burned the foundations of the mountains with fire.
Now the acts of Rehoboam, first and last, aren't they written in the book of the prophet Shemaiah, and in the prophet Iddo? Rehoboam and Jeroboam fought continually.
Joseph said to them, Most assuredly, I tell you that you are spies.
Behold, I have stiffened your face, that I might be stiffer than their face; and I have stiffened your head, that I might be stiffer than their head.
Now therefore, our God, listen to the prayer of your servant, And let your face shine in the ruins of your sanctuary, Because of the Lord.
But he turned aside from his counsel, and from those who stood before him, and went and argued with the young men who were with him.
For there is no desire for unrighteousness, But for truth.
But he remembered that they were the first, the first to pass over the wind, and didn't return.
The first wagon was a chariot, and the second wagon was a chariot;
Woe to Jacob! What a great day! It is a day of affliction! But he will be delivered.
and the border went up from the mountain to the spring of the Nile, and went up to the cities of the mountain of Ephron; and the border went up to Baalah (the same is Kiriath Jearim);
I keep your words in my heart, That I don't sin against you.
Behold, I will cause a nation to come against you far off, house of Israel, a nation that is strong from a long time ago, a nation whose prophecy you shall not understand, nor understand what he says.
Yahweh said to Moses and Aaron, This is the law of the Passover: The Gentiles shall not eat the Passover.
You shall show them these things, and teach them.
Your house and your kingdom shall be established before you forever, and your throne shall be established forever.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five male lambs a year old. This was the offering of Elisha the son of Ammihud.
But the Jews persecuted Paul and Barnabas, and drove them out of the land, blasphemed the high and noble women, and the rulers of the city.
As for the wheels, they are high and strong. The eyes of the four wheels are full of vision.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Who has opened the way of the great waters, Or prepared the way of the captains of thousands?
then you shall bring him to your house; and he shall trim the hair of his head, and shave it;
then hear you in heaven, and in your dwelling place, and forgive, and do; and know their heart, and do to them according to every man's ways (for you know every man's heart),
Behold, I have sent my angel before you, and have defended you on the way, and have brought you to the place which I have prepared.
When you see all these things, behold, the day comes, and there shall be no stone left here, but a heap and a wall.
He has poured out fire from above, and has entered into my bones, and has sacrificed to me. He has broken my feet with a snare, and has turned me back. He has made me desolate and desolate all day long.
The Gibeonites said, There is nothing wrong with us, nor with Saul, nor with his house, neither shall we kill any of Israel for our sake. David said to him, As you have said, so will I do for you.
I said to the righteous, He shall surely live.' If he draws near to his righteousness to do evil, his righteousness shall not be remembered; but he shall die for his wickedness.
I will give you roots on your face, and flesh on your flesh; and I will cover you with skin, and I will bring life into you, and you shall live; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
But Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun, of the Kinesites, saw it; for they followed Yahweh with all their heart.
They shall know that I, Yahweh their God, am with them; and they shall know that all Israel is my people, says the Lord Yahweh.
Your hand has made me. You have sanctified me. Give me wisdom to learn your commandments.
Let each man keep his record of that time.
For he knows our cause, And thinks that we are dust.
Save, Yahweh! Save, Yahweh!
Everyone who stumbles will be snared, And everyone who stumbles will be slain with the sword.
It happened, when Abraham had called the name of the place Yahweh, that it is this day, that they are saying, The Lord has prepared it on Yahweh's mountain.
But now I say another thing: if anyone preaches to you the Good News, which you have received, and doesn't do it, he shall be cursed.
Son of man, put forth a parable to the house of Israel, and make parables;
Moses sprinkled the blood on the people, and said, Behold, this is the blood of the covenant, which Yahweh has poured out on you according to all these words.
Put in order the testimonies, And seal up the law among my teachers.
They came to the tomb at the first hour of the morning on the first day of the week.
Peter said to him, Tell me, Are these the things which you have gotten for the field? He said to him, These are the things.
If she has done well, then she shall count for herself seven days, and be clean.
David said, The first who goes against the Jebusites shall be princes and rulers. Joab the son of Zeruiah went first against them, and became prince.
They shall bring up against you a great multitude; they shall stone you with stones; they shall scourge you with the sword;
and the set bread, and the marrow for the meal offering, and the unleavened bread, and the sour dough that is in the pan, and the fruit of the vine, and the linen, and the rule over the linen and the oil.
Zedekiah king of Judah shall not escape out of the hand of the Chaldeans; but he shall be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon; and he shall speak with him in the mouth; and his eyes shall see his eyes.
It happened, when he had come down from heaven, and had a great hail, that there was a tenth part of the earth in the hail; and they profaned God for the hail; for it was a great disaster.
When they came to Jericho, there sat by the way a blind man, Bardemai the son of Dimai, a blind man, with a great multitude, when they came out of Jericho.
When the kings came out to Joshua, Joshua called all Israel, and said to the captains of the army who went with him, Come near, and put your feet under the kings. So they came near, and put their feet under their necks.
I know your works, and your faith, that they are not for profit. I love you more than for profit.
Hear this word, house of Israel, which I have spoken concerning your lamentation:
It happened in the ninth year, when the kings went out to battle, that Joab brought the army against the land of the children of Ammon, and put Rabbah to sleep: and David abode in Jerusalem: and Joab struck Rabbah, and took it.
This is that he might prove the words of God, which he spoke through the prophets, that I will open my mouth and speak parables, and that I will show the beginning of things.
Ethiopia and Egypt are his weak points. Put and the Lubim are your helpers.
They are all pigs and donkeys. The teaching of idols is wood.
The Asherites lived with the Canaanites who lived in the land; for they didn't drive them out.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
He makes the rivers a wilderness, And the springs a dry land.
Many are the good women, But you are the best.
Yahweh, your wonders are in the heavens. Your faithfulness is in the assemblies of the holy ones.
The king of the south shall come out in wrath to fight against the king of the north; and the king of the north shall set the battle in array against the army; but the army shall be delivered into the hand of the king of the south.
They were helped, and the Hagrites and the men who were with them delivered into their hand; for they cried to God in the battle, and they trusted in God, and he listened to them.
When the fruit is seen, it is possible to know the evil of the tree. Man can't gather figs out of the thorns, Neither can he gather grapes out of the thorns.
Refuse the fire, flee from the sword; The young man is mighty, he is strong in the army, he breaks the armies of other nations.
I will cast you into the earth, and let you go down into the field; and all the birds of the sky shall be set over you; and all the animals of the earth shall eat you to the full.
But you have been redeemed, and your greatness is come to nothing. Why do you scoff at men? Why do you scoff at robbers?
I baptized you in water, that you might be cleansed; but he who comes after me has more power than I, and I am not worthy of his sword. He will baptize you in the Holy Spirit and in the fire.
Honor the woman who reigns in her power.
You shall not enter into the gates of my people in the day of calamity; you shall not see their affliction in the day of calamity; you shall not touch their goods in the day of calamity.
Elisha said to his servants, Tell him, Behold, you have a very great mind for us: now what shall you do for us? What shall you tell the king or the captain of the army by me? The woman answered, I dwell among my people.
It happened, while Samuel was offering his burnt offering, that the Philistines came near to fight against Israel: and Yahweh came with a loud voice against the Philistines that day, and struck them; and they were slain before Israel.
Saul had taken Michal his daughter, the wife of David, and gave her to Phantham the son of Laish the Caleb.
For the blood of oxen and sheep shall not put away man's sin.
There is a sword outside, and pestilence and famine within; and there is a great sword in the field, and it shall die; and the pestilence and the pestilence shall devour the city.
Though there is no other Good News, I say this because of the fear of those who mock you, and seek to despise the Good News of Christ.
You shall appoint your brother a poor man to dwell with you; and you shall appoint him a steward, and let him dwell with you, as a stranger and as a foreigner.
If there be iniquity in your hand, put it away afar off, and don't let unrighteousness dwell in your tents.
The eyes of God were on the elders of Judah, and they didn't let them go, until the matter came to Darius, and they received counsel concerning it.
His brother came out after him, and his hand was on Esau's foot, and he named him Jacob. Isaac was sixty years old when his sons were born.
I heard a voice out of heaven, saying, Write now! Blessed are those who are to be sanctified by the Lord! The Holy Spirit says, It is, and they shall rest from their affliction; for the fruit of their affliction shall follow them.
This song shall be a witness against them in the time of their many calamities; for the mouth of their seed shall remember it, and shall not forget it: for I have known their thoughts, before I brought them into the land which I swore to swear to;
If a man doesn't reconcile his heart, He is as a destroyed city without wall.
I don't fear that when I return to you, my God will make me ashamed before you, and I will weep for many, because they have not repented of their iniquities, nor of their sexual immorality, nor of their adulteries, nor of their sexual immorality.
Then they sat down together with their disciples for a long time.
Let your works be revealed to your servant. Let your glory be revealed to our seed.
You have diminished the days of his virginity, And made her great shame. Selah.
The heads of fathers' houses hated Joseph, and didn't bring him into Egypt; but God was with him.
The second, the third, and the seventh were alike.
As the Lord did to his own husband, so shall he do to her who is in heaven.
Behold, the name of Yahweh comes from afar, and his wrath is risen up, and the smoke of it is covered; and his lips are full of wrath, and his tongue like a devouring fire.
You have committed adultery with me, house of Israel, as a woman has committed adultery from her husband, says Yahweh.
Joseph lived eighty years, he and his father's household with him.
Behold, the king, behold, a voice of a great image; and the image was great, and exceedingly troubled, and stood before you; and the effect was great.
Jonah prayed to Yahweh his God in the belly of the fish, saying,
You shall therefore keep all my statutes and all my ordinances, that you not let the land where I brought you out of your habitations go out.
Abraham arose, and fell on his knees to the men of the land, of the children of Heth.
It happened, when Jesus came, that Lazarus was buried in the tomb, and it was the fourth day.
The Spirit of the Lord came on me, because he anointed me to preach the Good News to the poor. He sent me to prophesy, saying, He who is taken will be freed, and he who is blind will see, and he who is oppressed will be freed.
But if we say that we have a covenant with God, yet live in darkness, we speak lies, and don't do the truth.
Yahweh is my rock, my high place, my Savior. My God, my rock, I will trust in him. He is my shield, my shield, my stronghold.
The gold of an open field shall not find it; Neither shall the emerald of precious stones nor the ruby of precious stones be found it.
They said to the king Nebuchadnezzar, Long live the king.
What is the foundation of it? Who is the comforter of its corners?
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Behold, my servant shall eat, and you shall thirst; behold, my servant shall drink, and you shall thirst; behold, my servant shall rejoice, and you shall be disappointed.
He said to them, I am. They fell on their faces, and fell on their faces.
according to the will of God, Jesus Christ, who sacrificed to himself once, was sanctified to God.
When Pharaoh's servants saw him, they praised Pharaoh; and the woman was brought into Pharaoh's house.
Then they made the images of the bulls, and sacrificed to the idol, and rejoiced in the images which they made with their own hands.
Immediately the men who were looking for him departed, knowing that he was a Roman, and that they had bound him, and were afraid.
If you will listen diligently to the statutes and to the ordinances which Yahweh has commanded Moses to teach Israel, you shall prosper: you shall be well; don't be afraid, nor be dismayed.
I have counsel and understanding. I have understanding and power.
Then Paul went out from them.
For I am also a man put to the test, and soldiers are put to my test. I said to one, Go,' and he went; and to another, Come,' and he came; and to my servant, Do thus,' and he did so.
Noah lived from the iniquity three hundred fifty years.
It happened on the third day, that there was a division in Cana in Galilee, and his mother was a prostitute.
He was buried, and rose up the third day, as it is written.
Then Delilah bound him with a new cord, and said to him, Oh, Samson, the Philistines are come to seize you! Then the robbers hid themselves in the chamber; and Samson cut off the cord from his hand, as he did cut off a piece.
Our heart has broken, and our mouth is opened to you, friends of Corinth.
For the evil that comes from God has made me afraid; For his wrath, I can't stand.
Then Solomon built an altar on the top of the hill before Jerusalem for Chemosh, the god of affliction of Moab, and for Moloch, the god of the children of Ammon.
Behold, Assyria was a cedar in Lebanon; and its branches were beautiful, and its shadow was like a forest, and its branches were high, and its branches were left in the midst of the cloud.
The evil of Moab is at hand. His troubles are near.
Speak to God, and be astonished at your works. For your great power is exalted, And all your enemies are subdued.
The seventh poured out his flute into the sky, and a loud voice came out of the throne of the temple, saying, All is well.
Don't put a veil on your neck, And don't put a snare on your neck.
Those who entered by the gate were shepherds of the sheep.
But Pilate answered him, Paul is still in Caesarea, and I will return there shortly.
The light of the righteous will be understood, But the lamp of the wicked will die.
You shall drink water according to the weight of it, one hundred six hundred hins a day, and you shall drink it in due season.
Do you offer sacrifices and offerings to me, house of Israel, forty years in the wilderness?
I have been troubled by the wickedness of the Jews, and have been astonished at the Lord with my eyes closed.
From the day that he was crucified to this day, there is no end, neither ever will there be any end.
He has given you a gracious gift, that they may love you more, and pray for you.
Whoever helps the needy to his own advantage, And gives gifts to the rich, will be astonished.
I have set myself in order until the morning. He has broken all my bones like a lion. From morning until evening Yahweh has determined to redeem my life.
Abigail came to Nabal, and saw that he had set a feast in the house, as the feast of the king. Nabal's heart rejoiced greatly, because he had sinned very much. Therefore Abigail didn't tell him concerning anything, until the morning.
The man who came from Edom, and came from Bozrah, and was clothed with armor and a great ephod, and was mighty, and he who was mighty to do it, is I, who speaks righteousness, and is mighty to do salvation, says Yahweh.
Make the weak hands strong, And the weak knees strong.
If this man didn't come from God, he would have done nothing like this.
Nevertheless you shall not fall by a hair of your head.
He will feed his flock like a shepherd. He will stretch out his hand on his lamb, and he will lay it in the womb, and will seek after all the fatlings that are on the lamb.
I know that you are all of them. Your wills can't be forgotten.
So Job arose, and tore his garments, and shaved his head, and bowed himself to the ground, and worshiped.
He has shown you what is good in the world. But what does Yahweh want you to do? To walk in righteousness, to show mercy and humility, to walk with your God.
He who strikes my foot, I will strike him; He who strikes my lips, I will strike him; He who reproaches me, he will nail me, and I will not hide my face.
All the people honored the apostles, but many refused to meet them.
When you do these things, I hold my peace, and don't speak; yet you think that I am like you; but I will rebuke you, and set all these things before your eyes.
They shall come out after us, until we have ensnared them from the city; for they shall say, These men flee before us like a bird: therefore we will flee before them.
saying, Behold, this is the man who doesn't trust in God, but in his own wealth, and stands in the midst of evil.
If a man dies alone, and there is no son among them, and the dead man's wife is a foreigner, his brother's wife shall come in to him, and take her for a wife, and be a virgin.
You have shown me the way of my life. You have filled me with joy in your presence.
Woe to the city of blood! Woe to the city of robbers! Woe to the city of thieves!
He took some of his blood, and sprinkled some of it on the four corners of the altar, and sprinkled all of its blood on the base of the altar.
When the Lord has made it known, and they don't see the signs of the God, the eternal power and the Holy One, if they see the things which he has made, they will know them; therefore there is no reproof.
For it is broken in pieces, but it is not cut down, and is unclean to you.
How great is his loving kindness! How beautiful is his beauty! The land will make the young men strong, And the new wine will bring forth virgins.
Know that there is a great affliction in the last days of the earth.
He painted the cherubim and the lions, and the palm trees and the borders of the streets, according to his vanity.
The king said to me, What do you want? So I prayed to Yahweh of Armies.
Rehum the governor, Shimshai the scribe, and the rest of the men of Dinah, and the Ahuathistekaites, and the Tarpaelites, and the Arabessites, and the Arabessites, and the Babylonians, and the Shushanites, and the Dahabahites, and the Elamites.
The prudent do all things with wisdom, But the fool prophesies his own folly.
Then they asked the child's father by his hand, that he might give him a name.
These words will be like the womb. These are the Pharisees and the Philistines.
He will say, I am not a prophet, but I am a farmer. I am a servant to men from afar.'
that he should destroy all the pride of God, and rebuke every man's heart, that he may be perfect in Christ;
I have departed from my house, says Yahweh, and have forsaken my inheritance, and have delivered my love in the hand of my enemies.
You shall know that all those who prophesy in the Tent of Meeting shall flee away, but one will be rewarded: so shall you flee away, that you may be rewarded.
The mouth of the cloud was toward the top, and the depth was a cubit; and the appearance of it was like the appearance of a son of man, and the breadth of it was a cubit: and in its mouth was a reed; and its ledges were four corners, and they were not of the ledge.
For thus says Yahweh: The earth shall be desolate; but I will not destroy it to the end.
All nations shall be gathered together, and all men shall be gathered together. Who can show this, and show us all the things that were before? Let them bring witnesses, that they may show themselves to be witnesses; or if anyone hears it, he shall say, It is true.
He cried with a loud voice in the streets of his youth, and spoke in the gate of the city, and in the gate of the city, saying,
Then he struck all Judah in the heart, as one man's heart. They sent to the king, and said, Return you, and all your servants.
You shall sing this song to the king of Babylon, saying, How long shall the oppressed live? How long shall the free man live?
I love your words, As a man who has many slain.
On the one board were two sockets, and on the other board two sockets.
and brought their gods, and their engraved images, and their treasures of silver and gold, to Egypt; and he went no more against the king of the north for many years.
It happened, when they heard the word in the kneading trough, that they went away into the wrath of the world, into the wealth and into the pleasures of it, so that the word didn't stand.
It is the Sabbath on that day. The Sabbath is at hand.
Your commandments are always with me, That I may be wiser than my enemies.
This is also the case of those who were born in the flesh by the Spirit of God.
Then his disciples came and said to him, Do you know that the Pharisees have heard you speak such a thing?
As is the appearance of the cloud in the day of rain, So is the appearance of the light round about. When I saw it, I fell on my face, and heard a voice.
He who trusts in engraved images says to the engravers, You are our God. They will be driven away, and they will be disappointed.
How will your affliction come on you, when you shall dwell in Lebanon under cedar, and shall be afflicted as a woman in travail?
The remnant of the house of Judah, who have escaped the calamity, have borne fruit under the sun, and have yielded fruit under the sun.
God said to Abraham, Don't call your wife Sarah Sarah, and her name will be Sarah's.
They also had little fish, but Jesus, when he had given thanks, divided the fish among them.
Let your height be exalted above the heavens. Let your glory be exalted above all the earth.
My son, eat honey, for honey is good. The honey that is in the honeycomb is sweet.
But you, Yahweh, are forever. You have brought memory to all generations.
Refrain from sin, and pray for it, that it may be well with you. The prayer of the righteous is great.
David was the least of them, and the third followed Saul the most.
It happened about three months after, that his wife also came in, and didn't know what was done.
He despised the king, he defiled the princes, and all the strongholds of his hand; he built a fortress against it, and took it.
Woe to the shepherd who forsakes the flock! The sword shall come on his hands, and on his eyes. His hands shall be full of snares, and his eyes shall be darkened with darkness.
I would not go to you, lest I see you as I do, and you as I do. I would not see you as I do, and I would not be. I would not be afraid of division, jealousy, anger, wrath, blasphemies, slanders, slanderers, and disobedience.
Christ didn't send me to baptize, but to preach the Good News. I didn't preach with wisdom, that the cross of Christ might not be justified.
Praise the name of Yahweh! For he has commanded, and all things are made.
They sit on the grass of the wilderness. The mountains are inhabited with gladness.
When the priest shall go in, he shall not go out of the sanctuary to any other place; but he shall let them loose the garments in which they were clothed, because they were holy: and they shall bring their garments to the place of the people.
John answered them, I have baptized you in water, but a mighty man is coming, and I will not lose his sword. He will baptize you in the Holy Spirit and in fire.
My sister, my bride, you have turned away my heart. You have turned away my heart with one look at your eyes. You have taken away my heart with one golden chain around your neck.
I will afflict him with the pestilence and with the blood; and I will bring down on him, and on his armies, and on the people who are with him, the great hail, and the great hail, and the fire.
A proud man turns away his face, But a sluggard is wise.
For many were possessed by demons, and the demon cried out, and went out from those who were possessed; and many were demons, and many were lame.
Honor your own faith before God. Blessed is he who does that which is right in his own eyes, and doesn't sin.
His breath was long; and he called the name of his son Benjamin in the time of his death; but his father called his name Benjamin.
There were also two olive trees: one on the right side of the anointing oil, and one on the left side of the anointing oil.
Leap, you people of Dan: flee, hide yourself; for I will bring his evil on Esau, when I will punish him.
For he will not put me to death by the womb. My mother will be my tomb. She will be continually in her infirmities.
So he who sent me here is not you, but God. He made me as Pharaoh's father, lord over all his house, and ruler over all the land of Egypt.
The people sat down, and walked, as the Anakim; but Yahweh destroyed them before the children of Ammon; and they possessed their land, and lived therein.
The heads of fathers' houses of Judah shall say in their heart, The inhabitants of Jerusalem are my strength, because they trust in their God, Yahweh of Armies.
Some of the Pharisees said, This man has not kept the Sabbath, but from God. Others said, Why do sinners do such signs? They were divided.
You shall burn your house with fire, and judge you before many women: I will not make you commit adultery any more, nor give you anything.
He pursued after them, and walked in a way that he had not gone, and passed over in peace.
Don't turn to those who are possessed by demons, and to those who walk in demons; neither go to inquire of them until they are defiled: I am Yahweh your God.
Levi feasted a great feast for him in their house. Many of the tax collectors and many others came to eat bread with them.
He said, Please let me go; for we have sacrificed in the city, and my brother has commanded me to go: now therefore, if I have found favor in your sight, please let me go to my brothers.' Therefore he didn't come to sit with the king.
But if they are a servant to the people before their idols, and a stumbling block to the house of Israel, says the Lord Yahweh, therefore have I lifted up my hand against them, and they shall bear their iniquity.
You shall not eat one day, two days, five days, ten days, and twenty days;
Now therefore don't be dismayed, lest the cords of your yoke be stiffened; for I have heard from the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, that he will surely do that which is cause to perish on the earth.
Yahweh will lead you continually in a desert land, to fill your heart and your bones with strength; and you shall be as a barren field, and as a barren spring.
Eleazar the priest said to the multitude who returned from the war, This is the statute which Yahweh has commanded Moses in the law:
Isaac and Ishmael his sons buried him in the cave at Makpelah: and the cave was before Mamre, in the field of Ephron the son of Zohar the Hittite;
My eyes are broken in sorrow. I call to you day by day, Yahweh. I lift up my hands to you.
Seven days they laid their hands on their brothers who lived in their villages.
But they had no sons; for Elisabeth was no more; and the years of the men were yet two years.
The righteous heard, and were exceedingly angry, that they might kill them.
and not as in the day that I commanded the judges to rule over my people Israel; but I will give you rest from all your enemies; and Yahweh will tell you, Yahweh will build you up your house.
Sodom and Gomorrah, and the cities that are round about them, with the angels, have committed adultery, and have sanctified the land together, so that they are punished forever by the fire of unleavened bread. This shall be a statute to all men.
He didn't afflict us, but we said, The Lord's sake be done.
This is the feast of Yahweh, which you shall prophesy in the day that Yahweh shall prophesy.
that he may make an everlasting covenant with his seed for the priesthood, because he has a perfect heart for his God, and has sinned against Israel.
Therefore, first of all, I beg you to pray to God, and to pray, and to pray, and to give thanks to all who are around you.
My throat is dried up because of my cry. My eyes are dried up because of God.
On the eighth day the child shall be circumcised.
then you shall deal with him, as he thought to deal with his brother; so shall you put away the evil from the midst of you.
The children of Babylon, and the Chaldeans, and the children of Pekkoth, and Shua, and the children of Goa; and all the children of Assyria with them, captains of hundreds, and officers, and captains of hundreds, and riders on horses, all of them devoted young men.
As they worshiped the Lord, and fasted, the Holy Spirit said, Send for me Barnabas and Saul, that they may do the work for me.
If you will receive these prophecies, this is Elijah who comes.
But the children didn't know what this was; but Jonathan and David knew it.
Moses burned the head and the flesh, and the oil, one by one.
Sing to him, and sing to him. Pray for all his wonders.
not their father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's
A rich man thinks that his wealth is his strong city, As a high wall to go up.
It happened, when the captivity came from Babylon to Jerusalem, that Seshabzad took all these captive.
Abimelech said, I don't know who did this, neither did you tell me; but to this day I have heard it.
These shall go up to the mountain of Zion, to judge the mountain of Esau; and the Kingdom shall be Yahweh's.
When king Herod heard of it, his heart was troubled, and all Jerusalem was troubled.
You shall bring Aaron and his sons to the door of the tent of meeting, and wash them with water.
Help me, Yahweh my God, In your loving kindnesses, Save me.
It happened, when I sat at the table, that my sweet ointment poured out its fragrance.
Gad will be a reproach to the army; But he will be a reproach to their feet.
They have blown the trumpet, they have prepared the threshing floor; but no man has gone out to battle; for my wrath has been kindled against all them.
Then there was war again with the Philistines in Gob: and Sibcai the Hoshazite killed a great family, whose name was Shuh.
Kill the ox at the door of the tent of meeting before Yahweh.
He said to them, What are you looking for? They said, Seven loaves.
Esther's dream was to establish the things of Purim, and they were written in the book.
He was angry with his three friends, because they didn't answer them; yet Job the captain of the guard sinned.
In that day you shall tell your sons, This is what Yahweh has done to me when I came forth out of Egypt.
Then all who call on the name of Yahweh shall be saved; for out of Mount Zion and out of Jerusalem shall flee, as Yahweh has spoken; and out of the remnant of the people shall Yahweh call.
Whatever you shall do with your hand, do it with all your might; for there is no work, neither counsel, nor knowledge, neither is there wisdom, in the land where you go.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, twenty bulls, sixty rams, sixty male goats, and sixty male lambs a year old. These were offered after the anointing of the altar, for the service of the altar.
They stayed all night all the day, and said, The light is gone up into the darkness.
Behold, all those who are angry with you shall be disappointed and confounded; and those who burn with you shall be as if they had not been, and shall be consumed.
when you hear that I have spoken against this place, and against the inhabitants of it, and have made it desolate and cursed, and your heart trembles, and you have humbled yourself before Yahweh, and have torn your clothes, and wept before me; and I have heard it, says Yahweh.
Therefore if I eat anything that causes my brothers or my sisters to stumble in faith, I will not eat anything sacrificed to idols, that they may not stumble in faith.
He who goes down is a thief, and he who rises up is a mighty man. He who goes down is a fool, and he who rises up is a mighty man.
Saul fought with the Philistines all his days: and when Saul saw any man of might, or of a mighty man, he gathered himself to him.
Therefore we rejoice in the Lord, whether we dwell in the flesh of the earth, or whether we depart from the flesh.
From the time that we departed from Kadesh Barnea even to the day that we passed over the brook Shiloh, thirty-eight years, and to the day that all these things happened, they died in the camp, as Yahweh swore to them.
He who is to be cleansed shall wash his clothes, and purify the door of his tent, and bathe himself in water, and be clean: and afterward he shall enter into the camp; but he shall stay outside of his tent seven days.
You shall not let them dwell in your land, lest they cause you to sin against me: it shall be a snare to you, if you serve their gods.
Now the rest of the acts of Elah, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
The men of Benjamin who died were eighteen thousand; all of them mighty men; but the rest turned back, and fled into the wilderness to the rock of Rimmon.
Who can prolong life, and not die? Who can deliver his soul out of the authority of Sheol? Selah.
Mattathyah the Levite was the firstborn of Shallum the Korahites; and his recompense was the bread of the potter's chamber.
Let your height be exalted above the heavens. Let your glory be exalted above all the earth.
No one can deny this honor, but God has appointed it, as Aaron did.
those who keep his covenant, Who remember his precepts, and do them.
Therefore when I come to you, I will give you a greater tax credit, that you may be glorified in Christ Jesus for my sake.
Whoever drinks of it doesn't know it, but goes to him who drinks of it by the river.
The five came into the house of Micah, and took the engraved images, and the priest's ephod, and the images of the house, and the images of the altar: and the priest said to them, What do you?
Behold, I will be your enemy, you haughty Babylonians; for the time has come that I have chosen you.
The angel of Yahweh stretched out the rod that was in his hand, and found flesh and unleavened bread; and a fire came out of the rock, and devoured all flesh and unleavened bread. The angel of Yahweh departed, and saw nothing.
If the wicked desire to be struck, then the judge shall cause him to be struck on the ground before him, according to his iniquity, and according to his portion.
The other woman also died, neither was there a son nor a daughter left to her, neither was there a son nor a daughter left to her.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
In the fourth year of Ahab king of Israel began Jehoshaphat the son of Asa to reign over Judah.
that we may be together with him in Christ, and that we may be one people with him,
Our oxen are full of life, and no one enters into the deep. We will not go out to battle, neither will our streets be weary of the cry of weeping.
For I am ashamed that I begged the king for a great army and for horsemen to help us in the battle; for we have said to the king, The hand of our God is on all those who ask of him; but his strength and his wrath are against all those who forsake him.
Uzziah did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, according to all that Amaziah his father had done.
Shallum the son of Jabesh rebelled against him, and struck him before the people, and killed him, and kept his words.
Why, my son, do you have sexual immorality? Why do you have sexual immorality?
He said, If we have found favor in your sight, give this land to your servant for an inheritance, and don't bring us over the Jordan.
His voice is to show him, And to show animals the greatness of the work which he will do.
Stand outside, and wait for him who weighs you to come out to you.
Then the king and Haman came to the feast of Esther the queen.
Therefore we sent to you Barnabas, and Paul, whom we loved, with all our heart and with all our soul;
Lift up your hands toward the sanctuary, and praise Yahweh.
I saw, and I knew that God didn't send him, but that he himself spoke against me this prophet, and that Tobijah and Sanballat blasphemed him.
The same night you shall eat the flesh of the lambs boiled with fire, and the unleavened bread; and you shall eat it with affliction.
His arms are like jewels of gold. His flesh is like a reed, And round about it is a sapphire stone.
It happened in the night, that the lord of the vineyard said to his steward, Bring in the laborers, and give them wages. From the beginning of the laborers they worked, until the beginning of the laborers they did.'
They can't stand with the mighty men who aren't circumcised. These mighty men dwell in dungeons in Sheol. Their heads are in the sword, and their bones are in their iniquity. They have terrorized the mighty in the land of the living.
Therefore the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, the mighty man of Israel, said, Aha! I will cut off my enemies, and make myself more secure; and I will be avenged on my enemies.
not to go to those who speak deep things, but to many nations that have ears to hear, whose words you don't understand, and whose ears you don't hear.
It happened on the next day, that all the heads of fathers' houses of the people, the priests, and the Levites, gathered themselves together to Ezra the scribe, to hear the words of the law.
He who humbles himself rejoices when he sees it. Let the heart of him who seeks God live.
Why do you exalt yourselves so much? For you don't mourn, neither drive out those who do these things out of the midst of you.
The king spoke with them, and there was none like Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, or Azariah among all their people: therefore they did that which was right in the sight of the king.
Yahweh has brought forth the wrath of his enemies. The flocks of peace are fortresses.
David was very distressed, because they said, Stone should be given to David. They were very troubled because of their children; but David trusted in Yahweh his God, and was strong.
I am more righteous than the Jews, And more diligent than the fathers in their teaching.
There was a certain Pharisee named Neco the wife of a Jew.
I knew that the Levites didn't give them their portion, so that the Levites who bore the charge, and those who sang, went every man to his own land.
I am perfect in him. I myself have not done my evil.
The Son of Man shall surely be delivered into the hand of sinners, and they shall be crucified, and rise on the third day.'
Speak to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: Cursed be he who doesn't listen to the voice of this covenant.
Let no blood fall on you in the land which Yahweh your God gives you for an inheritance, so that no blood shall fall on you.
They departed from the mountain of Yahweh, and traveled three days; and the ark of Yahweh went before them three days, and took them to a resting place.
He will keep his holy feet, And cause the wicked to stumble in darkness; For man can't prevail by his strength.
Who is he who hasn't sought his wife? Let him return to his house, Lest he perish, and be found by another.
Then Boaz said to the chief grain bearer whom he had appointed, Whose daughter is this?
The Avvahites made Niphaz and Tarthak; and the Sephardites burnt the sons and the daughters of Sephardim with fire, and gave them to Adrammelech and Anammelech, the gods of Sephardim.
I have not hidden your righteousness from my heart. I have set my eyes on your faithfulness and on your salvation. I have not hidden your loving kindness and your faithfulness in the great assembly.
I asked for this child, and Yahweh gave me what I asked of him.
The fatness of Jeshurun is melted, and you are fat. You have grown fat, and your flesh is slain. He has departed from Yahweh his Maker, and has despise his rock.
There was a man who cut his hand, and the bones of his bones fell into the water. He cried out, and said, Woe, my lord! the bones of this bone are come.
Now when the princes of the Philistines came out to battle, and they came out every day, David prospered more than the servants of Saul; and his name was greatly honored.
The man said, The woman whom you have given me, give me the fruit of her hands, and I will eat.
Then I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, watching the wind on the four sides, so that it could not come on the earth, and on the sea, and on all its trees.
The man who ate the bread was five thousand.
The seven tables, full of the last seven evil angels, came one of them to me, saying, Come, and I will show you the bride of the Lamb.
They will not judge him in righteousness, but will chastise him in parables, saying, What if there are many things that are not theirs? What if there are many things that are not theirs? woe to him who takes them.
Yahweh said, What do I do here, seeing my people have gone into captivity without cause? Yahweh said, Let their rulers cry out, and my name is blasphemed all day long.
The battle was with the angels out of heaven, and the stars came from their riches, and fought with Sisera.
The maiden said to Pharaoh, The women of the Hebrews and the women of Egypt don't differ: they have more strength than the maidens; and before the maidens came, they are conceived.
But I, Daniel, one saw it; for he who was with me didn't see the vision; but he trembled, and fled.
But I left seven thousand men among the children of Israel: their feet didn't pass over Baal, neither did their lips kiss him.
that the man who kills a man, who doesn't repent, but wrongfully kills his neighbor, let him flee there; and if he has fled and entered into the cities, he shall live;
and the head on the brass, with the bands of a man's horn, and the bands of a man's horn, five thousand shekels;
They fell all on the ground, and covered the earth.
For as the ground has multiplied its grain, and the field has multiplied its fruit, so will the Lord Yahweh bring righteousness and praise before all the nations.
I will walk in a perfect way. When will you come to me? I will walk in my house with a perfect heart.
But I preserve my holy name, which the house of Israel blasphemes among the nations where they go.
Yahweh listened to the voice of the children of Israel, and delivered the Canaanites to them; and they destroyed the Canaanites, and all their cities; and the name of that place was called Hormah.
You shall be astonished. You shall be covered with darkness. They have not sinned because of wine. They have sinned because of wine.
So it was, because now the glory was greater than the former, so that the greatness of the glory was ceased.
Remember that you were bondservants in Egypt, and Yahweh your God redeemed you from there: therefore I command you to do so.
Jehoiakim slept with his fathers; and Jehoiachin his son reigned in his place.
When they heard his teaching, they marveled.
They answered Joshua, Because it is certain to your servant that Yahweh your God has commanded Moses his servant to give you all this land, and that he has destroyed all the inhabitants of the land before you, we will not do this thing for your sake.
Woe to you in that time, when evil comes from a far country? When will you run, and seek who will save you? Where will your treasure be?
They shall prepare the lambs morning by morning, the meal offering, and the oil, for a continual burnt offering.
For the cry of Heshbon is come to Elialeh, and continues to Jahaz; and from Zoar to Horonim, and continues to Egloniah: for the waters of Nimri shall dry up.
When Moses' hand was lifted up, the children of Israel were stronger; and when Amalek's hand was lifted up, the men of Israel were stronger.
Judah came near to Joseph, and said, Please, my lord, let your servant speak a word to my lord. Don't be angry with your servant, for you are with Pharaoh.
The scribe came near, and said to him, If you are the Son of God, command the stones to be turned into bread.
Then Abigail arose, and fell on her face, and said, Behold, your handmaid is here. Be a servant, and wash the feet of my lord's servants.
Is there a nation that despises their gods? Yes, they are not God, but my people have taken their glory for a profit.
For God will save Zion, and build the cities of Judah; and they shall possess the land of promise, and dwell therein.
Don't forget the sins of our fathers, which they sinned against us. Bring your loving kindness on us, for we have fallen to the lowest of the heaps.
Son of man, you shall groan and be astonished. You shall astonish before them.
God said, The waters shall yield many living creatures, birds on the surface of the earth, and the stars of the sky.
Let your priests be clothed with righteousness. Let your saints sing with joy.
Ephraim didn't drive out the Canaanites who lived in Gezer: but the Canaanites lived among them, and lived in Gezer.
The Philistines fought, and the children of Israel were slain; and they ran every man to his tent, and killed many. The army of Israel was thirty thousand men.
Most assuredly I tell you, wherever the Good News is preached, everyone will speak of the things that this woman has done, and will remember them.
So they gathered themselves together, and set their hearts to fight against Joshua and against Israel.
and against all the high places, and against all the great mountains;
If a poor man is afflicted, don't be dismayed.
I will eat and drink for them while they are young, and will make them drunk, and will make them glad, and will make them sleep forever and ever, says Yahweh.
and he delivered it, and it was true; and he put the two men on the thorns, and wrote it in the book of the chronicles before the king.
David went up after the word of Gad, after the commandment of Yahweh.
In that day you will ask me nothing more. Most assuredly I tell you, whatever you ask in my name from the Father, he will give you.
You, God, have tested us. You have judged us as silver.
Yahweh will open to you the treasures of his heavens, and he will pour out rain on you, and will bless you in all that is in your hand; and you shall give it to many nations, and you shall not give it.
In the first year of Cyrus king of Persia, to prove the words of Yahweh by Jeremiah, Yahweh stirred up the spirit of Cyrus king of Persia, to prophesy throughout all the kingdom, and to write commandments, saying,
Then took I my young men by the hand, and sent to all the land of the possession of Israel; for they committed adultery and shameful deeds in Israel.
There he gave him no inheritance, Neither did he have a place to stand where the sword was: but if he had a son at that time, he promised to give him the land, for a possession to him and to his seed.
Solomon gave Hilaim two hundred talents of barley, and twenty talents of barley, for food for his house. So he gave Hilaim year by year.
Behold, seven years shall be found in all the land of Egypt, from the beginning of the year to the end of the year;
For this is not vanity to you, but your life, and your days shall be prolonged, in that you pass over the Jordan into a land to possess it.
On the fifth day you shall offer young bulls, two rams, twelve male lambs a year old without blemish;
The congregation took him out of the camp, and stoned him to death with stones, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
For it is written, He subdues all things under his feet; and it is clear that nothing is subdued under the feet of Christ.
All the vessels of gold, and of silver, and of brass, and of iron, shall be separate from Yahweh, and shall be brought into Yahweh's treasuries.
They gave to them the Arabah, and the land that is by the Jordan, from Kinneroth even to the sea of the Arabah, the Salt Sea, and the land of the slopes of Persia eastward.
Then the king and Jehoiada gave the money to the men who served in the house of Yahweh: and they took stones and axes to repair the house of Yahweh, and iron and brass to repair the house of Yahweh.
They pursued our steps like a scourge, so that we couldn't walk in our streets: our end was near, and our days were fulfilled; for our end was near.
Asa will have from the army of Judah thirty thousand shields and spears; and from Benjamin twenty thousand shields and bows; all of them mighty men of valor.
Don't abhor us for your name's sake, Nor profane your throne of glory. Remember us, And don't break your covenant which you made with us.
The angel of Yahweh came to Ophrah, and sat under the oak of Joash of the tribe of Abiezer: and Gideon the son of Joash was grinding in the winepress, and didn't want Midian to see it.
Therefore I struck you, and hurt you; for your iniquities caused you to stumble.
You shall not depart from the border of your fathers, which they have set up.
But if the wicked turn from his wickedness, and do that which is right and right, he will give life to his soul.
But the tax collector stood afar off, and didn't turn his head to the sky, but cried out, God, forgive me this sinner.'
In the eighteenth year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah began Joram the son of Ahab to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned twelve years.
I am Yahweh your God, who brought you up out of the land of Egypt, to give you the land of Canaan, and to be your God.
So the world will not boast before God.
I call on you, Yahweh; for the fire devours the pastures of the wilderness, and the fire consumes the trees of the field.
They took away the foreign gods out of the midst of them, and served Yahweh. Yahweh's heart was troubled because of the children of Israel.
He who opens his eyes to trouble brings sorrow, But he who speaks foolishly will perish.
As for the ten horns, they shall raise up ten kings out of the land: and there shall be another king raised up, and he shall set three kings before him, who shall not stand before him.
Woe to the afflicted man in the daytime! Woe to him who is full of joy!
When the morning had come, the chief priests and the elders of the people conspired together against him to kill him.
David arose out of the ground, and washed his body, and anointed himself, and put on his clothes, and entered into the house of Yahweh, and worshiped, and returned to his house: and he commanded that they should set something before him, and he ate.
Jehoahaz prayed to Yahweh; and Yahweh listened to him; for he saw that the children of Israel were oppressed, even the king of Syria, who oppressed them.
Nebuchadnezzar brought the vessels of the house of Yahweh to Babylon, and set them in the house of Babylon.
This is the law which Moses set before the children of Israel;
Now Jehoiah was chief among the children of Hebron, according to the generations of his fathers, in the twelfth year of the reign of David, in the year of Jaiel of Gilead, finding great men of valor among them.
Therefore command the guard to keep the tomb until the third day, that his disciples not steal his dead body, and then tell the people, He has risen from the dead.' If so, then the deceit will be greater than the first.
Are we yet little in the sins of Bohol? Though the pestilence has come on the assembly of Yahweh, To this day we are not clean.
Don't depart from the land which you have established. Don't seek the fields of the fatherless.
God will judge among the nations for a multitude of peoples. They will beat their swords into slings, and their spears into slings. This nation shall not lift up its sword against it, neither shall they learn war any more.
It was a day of darkness and darkness, a day of thick clouds and darkness, like a thicket of thorns covering a mountain: and there was a great and strong people, a people that had not been so until now, and to this day there is no such thing.
That you may strike them with your teeth, And your feet in the blood of your enemies, And your dogs in the blood of their blood.
From the heap of dust to the heap of dust, the height was two cubits, and the breadth one cubit; from the heap of dust to the heap of dust, the height was four cubits, and the breadth a cubit.
Mordecai went on his way before the guard every day, to know whether Esther had peace, and what the law would be to her.
For you didn't serve Yahweh your God with a glad heart and with a glad soul for your wealth.
You shall make two poles of acacia wood, and overlay them with gold.
He let out another raven, that he might see the waters flowing out of the earth before them.
You shall tell the people, Make yourselves holy, and prepare yourselves to eat flesh tomorrow; for you shall weep, that Yahweh may hear you saying, Who shall give us flesh to eat? for we are well in Egypt. Therefore Yahweh will give you flesh to eat.
He shall delight himself in the fear of Yahweh: he shall not judge with his right eye, neither shall he judge with his left ear,
The disciples asked him, Teacher, when will these things happen? What is the sign that these things will happen?
Abraham was one hundred seventy-five years old when he began to reign.
The boards of the upper court were ten cubits long, and a cubit and a half broad.
They will roar like a mighty lion, Like a young lion roaring.
Don't you lift up your yoke suddenly, And wake up your yoke suddenly, And will you be a prey to them?
He who lies with a thief hates his own life. He hears a stumbling block, and doesn't speak.
and you shall tell them, Every body of your seed that shall be desolate, and come to the sanctuaries of the children of Israel, which they have sanctified to Yahweh, shall be cut off from before me: I am Yahweh.
They said, Come, and let us drink, and let us drink, until we have sinned. Tomorrow will be like this day, with great joy and without recompense.
For we heard him say, This Nazarene Jesus will destroy this temple, and will change the statutes which Moses spoke to us.'
Whoever is with Christ is a new creation. All things have passed away from him, and are become new.
God was angry with them, and killed the mighty among them, and struck the young men of Israel.
The chariots of God are thousands of thousands. The Lord is in them as in Sinai, in a holy place.
If he doesn't first bring it to the door of the Tent of Meeting before the tent of Yahweh, and offer it as a present to Yahweh, and pour out the blood on the man, he shall pour out the blood, and he shall be cut off from among his people.
I will not take any of your things, even the smallest of them, and the smallest of them; lest you say, I have given Abram wealth.'
We have commended you and comforted you, that your walk might be fruitful to the will of God, that you may enter into his Kingdom and into his glory.
Bring the cedars, and the cedars, and the cedars of Lebanon to me; for I know that your servants have taken the cedars of Lebanon wisely: and behold, my servant shall sit with your servant.
When the Philistines had come, they encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
Then they were not able to eat, because the priests who were cleansed were not able to afford them, and the people were not gathered together to Jerusalem.
Behold, I set before you this day life and good, death and evil.
In those days, when king Oziah reigned, I saw the Lord sitting on the highest throne, whose garments were filled with the temple.
I set my heart to preach the Good News in a land where I have not heard the name of Christ, that no one should be blessed in his work.
If I speak, my sorrow is not diminished. If I hold my peace, will my sorrow depart from me?
He offered an offering to Eglon the king of Moab; and Eglon was a very fat man.
and to him for the flesh, and for the bowls, and for the spoons, of pure gold; and gold for him to make every bowl of gold; and silver for him to make every bowl of silver;
The horse shall come near, and the chariot shall run riotously: the mighty shall go forth; the Ethiopians and the Puts shall hold their shields, and the men of Lud lift up their bows.
But Jesus held his peace. The high priest said to him, Are you the Christ, the Son of his praise?
He testifies for the things which he hears, and for the things which he sees; and no one accepts his testimony.
They cried there with a loud voice, but no one answered them; for the wicked were proud.
For I will pour out the waters on the thirsty, And pour out the rivers on the dry land; And I will pour out my Spirit on your seed, And my blessing on your generation after you.
They said to him, The disciples of John kept fasting and praying, and the disciples of the Pharisees also fasted, and your disciples drank and ate.
The prostitute enticed him with many words, And urged him with a snare.
It was good for you to do this, but who hindered you so that you didn't believe the truth?
The house of the wicked shall fall, But the tent of the upright shall prosper.
There is no son nor son in his people, Neither is there any left in his home.
Don't let the old man desire wine, but be steadfast in his anger, and have a perfect faith, love, and understanding.
He said, There were two men who took the money of the sacrifice. One took five hundred pieces of silver, and the other fifty.
He did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, according to all that David his father had done.
Why do you hide yourselves? You hide yourself, and don't tell me: I can't bring you back with joy, with singing, with cymbals, and with harps?
The doors of it, and the porches of it, and the palm trees of it, were by the way of the gate toward the east: and when they came up from the seven steps, there were the porches before them.
The hand of Zerubbabel shall make the foundation of the house; and his hand shall execute the work: and you shall know that Yahweh of Armies has sent me to you.
For John continually said to her, Take this woman, and be a wife without knowledge of the law.
Whatever you say or do, give thanks to God the Father according to the will of the Lord Jesus.
As for you, if you will walk before me, as David your father did, and will do according to all that I have commanded you, and will keep my statutes and my ordinances,
For this people has come near to me, and has honored me with their mouth and with their lips, and their heart has departed far from me. They have honored me, but only by the commandment of men.
Teacher, Moses said, If a man dies without a wife, then his brother shall take a wife for him, that he may have children for his brother.
After that Amnon hated him exceedingly, and the hatred of him who hated him was greater than the love of him who loved him. Amnon said to him, Arise, go forth.
When Azariah the high priest, and all the priests, saw that he was leaning on the leprosy, they drove him out of the house; and he himself hurried out, because Yahweh had struck him.
and the gods of the nations that are round about you; far off from you, or far off from you, from one end of the earth to another end of the earth;
Christ is the faithful witness, the resurrection of the firstborn from the dead, and the Lord of kings on the earth.
Therefore his young men shall fall in his street; and all his soldiers shall perish that day, says Yahweh.
All wise men will regard these things, And will remember the loving kindness of Yahweh.
All the congregation sent to the Benjaminites who were on the rock of Rimmon, saying, Give them words of peace.
You shall make altars of boards, and altars of incense among them; and you shall do according to the manner in which I show you on the mountain.
If a man desires to redeem anything of the tenth part, then he shall sell the tenth part for five times the price of it.
Therefore you shall observe to do as Yahweh your God commanded you: you shall not turn aside to the right hand nor to the left.
The fruit of the Spirit, love, joy, peace, perseverance, compassion, understanding, truth,
they went after other gods to serve them, gods which they didn't know, which Yahweh didn't assign to them.
Yahweh was with David in all his dealings.
I tell you, Arise, and take up your mat, and go to your house.
But Yahweh delights in your fathers, and loves them, and chooses their seed among all peoples, even you, as at this day.
Shall he who is taken captive return? Shall he who is taken captive deliver him?
Elisha said, Call him. He went and called him. The woman stood at the door.
He did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, and walked in the way of Jeroboam, and in the sins of the children of Israel which he made to them.
For his horses are many. The dust of his chariots covers you. He enters into your gates, as a man enters into a broken city. Then your city shall be shaken because of the horses, and because of the chariots, and because of the noise of the chariots.
But the day comes that the bridegroom will go into captivity from among them, and they will fast that day.
Yahweh will reign forever.
You have sinned against the righteous. You have killed them. They haven't turned aside from you.
Have the gods of these nations saved the Gozanites, and the Haranites, and the Rezephites, and the Edomites who are at Thelasal?
Thus says Yahweh, whose seed is not of the flesh, but of the promise of God, he who is born of him is God's seed.
It happened after the plague, that Yahweh spoke to Moses, and to Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest, saying,
His seed will be strong in the world. The life of the upright will be blessed.
When Jesus had said these things, he said, How Peter should be glorified by God. He said to him, Follow me.
Though I am righteous, I will not answer him; But they have asked of me from a judge.
Jeroboam's wife did so; and she arose, and went to Shiloh, and came to the house of Ahijah. Ahijah couldn't see with her eyes, because she was old.
Don't tell me how he has dealt with me, as I have dealt with him: I will repay him according to his work.
My iniquities are over my head, As a snare to which I am no more able.
Arise, and go up against Judah, and break it in pieces; and make the son of Tabeel king in the midst of him.
I have dealt with them according to their disobedience, according to their transgressions. I have hidden my face from them.
His roots are in the rock, To the place where the stones meet.
He who is redeemed by Yahweh, let him speak these words, whom he has redeemed out of his enemies' hand:
You shall say, Your servant, from young age even to this day we feed our fathers. So shall you stand in the land of Goshen; for everyone who feeds is an abomination to the Egyptians.
Many lamps were in the midst of our assembly.
He said to him, Be merciful to him. Jesus said to him, Go, do so.
In the twelfth year of our captivity, in the twelfth month, in the fifth day of the month, a man fled from Jerusalem to me, saying, The city is broken down.
The rest said, A little while, and behold, Elijah is coming to save him.
You shall make a great Sabbath on this day; and you shall afflict your heart on this day: it is an ordinance forever.
This also is the case: God will preserve those who are chosen by grace.
If I, my servant and my handmaid, were to argue with me, and I had broken their bonds,
It happened, when the king passed by, that he called to the king, and said, Behold, your servant has gone out, and a man came to me, and he has brought me a man, saying, Keep this man, and if he dies, your life shall be a tribute to his life; and if not, you shall give you a tenth of the money.
This faith has been revealed to his saints from generations past, which was hidden from the people.
Then the sons of the prophets, who were over against him in Jericho, when they saw him, said, The Spirit of Elijah is in Elisha. They came to meet him, and fell on their faces.
For the Spirit sanctified them in Asia; and they passed through the land of Pharaoh and Galilee.
Shall he trust in him, because he is strong? Shall he give him your vanity?
If your brother is poorer than he, and has lost his inheritance, then his relatives shall come and redeem him for your brother's loss.
Ride on horses, ride on horses. Stand up on your helmets, carry your spears, and put on armor.
His people also came to him. They drank of all kinds of water.
Then the house wept the second time. Peter thought to Jesus, and said to him, The house wept the second time, and you have slain me the third time. He wept with a loud voice.
The appearance of the car is like the appearance of a chariot. Its love, and its ornaments, its lords, and its horns, are great.
If my father has a desire to harm you, I will tell you to go in peace: if not, Yahweh will rebuke Jonathan. Yahweh be with you, as he was with my father.
Then said Sisera to him, Stand at the door of the Tent, and if anyone comes to inquire of you, and says, Is there a man with you? Then said you to him, No.
The children of Israel who lived in Jerusalem rejoiced greatly, and kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days: and the Levites and the priests blessed Yahweh day and night, and blessed Yahweh with their marvelous instruments.
Now Samuel was old; and he appointed his sons to be judges over Israel.
He made the pillars of the pillars fifty cubits, and the pillars of the pillars ten cubits; and the hooks of the pillars and their fillets were of silver.
Praise Yah! Praise the name of Yahweh, you servants who serve in Yahweh's house.
His children are glorified, but he doesn't know. They are brought low, but he doesn't know.
Yahweh, don't you remember what I will do? Will you remember forever? Don't you hide your face from what I will do?
and with him Abijab the son of Ahizboam, of the tribe of Dan, a skilled artist and a skilled craftsman, adorned with blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen.
This is not to say that we have no power to compel you, but that we may be your counselors, that you may know our ways.
Out of them they are the blind who seek the blind. If the blind seek the blind, they both fall into the pit.
David asked God again, and he said to him, Don't pursue after them; but go from side to side against them on the top of the sycamore trees.
He shall turn the heart of his father toward his son, and the heart of his son toward his father; that I may curse the land.
He said to them, I will depart from here, and you will seek me, and you will die for your sins. There I will go, and you can't go.
David took Abigail, and brought her things; and he said to her, Return to your house in peace; and behold, I have heard your words, and have done according to your words.
Moses was exceedingly angry, and said to Yahweh, Don't subdue them; for I will not give them a donkey, neither will I harm them any more.
The men of Joab, and the men of Chereth, and the men of Bereth, and all the mighty men, went out after Abishai; and they went out from Jerusalem, and pursued after Sheba the son of Bichri.
The labor of the righteous shall lead to life, But the strife of the wicked shall lead to sin.
You shall hear no more violence in your land, nor destruction in your land; but you shall call your wall a deliverer, and your gates a praise.
They lay on every altar as a shield, And drink the wine of those who persecute them in the house of their God.
The scribe answered, There has not been a man like this since the days of old.
In the day that he anointed the altar, the princes of Israel shall do that which is anointed on the altar, twelve platters of silver, twelve bowls of gold,
Laban said to him, If I have found favor in your sight, stay with me; for I know deep down that Yahweh has blessed me for your sake.
They shall confess their sin which they have sinned, and shall recompense it to the man of his trespass which he has trespassed against, five times more than the house of their trespass which they have trespassed against.
It happened, when the children of Israel cried to Yahweh, that Yahweh raised up one of them, Ehud the son of Gera, the Benjaminite, who was slain by the hand; and the children of Israel sent him a present to Eglon king of Moab.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
The children of Israel traveled, and encamped in the plains of Moab, beyond the Jordan, over against Jericho.
If the young lady, while she was yet in her father's house, made a vow to Yahweh, and made an oath to herself,
Who knows that the cloud of man goes up above him, And the cloud of animals falls on the earth?
When Yahweh saw that he turned and looked, God said to him out of the thorns, Moses, Moses. He answered, Here am I.
Are I from the sea, or from the islands? Or have you set you apart to teach me?
But Sihon didn't believe Israel, neither did he make them pass through his border: and Sihon gathered all his people together, and encamped against Israel in Jahaz.
Your commandments are truthful. Help them who persecute me without cause.
They are shepherds, for they feed livestock. They bring flocks, herds, and all that they have.'
The wheel said to the trees, If you shall surely make me king over you, then you shall hide yourself in my shadow: and if not, let the fire go out from the wheel, and devour the cedars of Lebanon.
When they had told Peter all these things, he followed them, preaching to them from the east to the west the word of the Holy One, which can't be destroyed, eternal salvation. On the first day of the seventh day Jesus was revealed to Mary Magdalene, who had cast out seven arks before him.
But Jonah arose, and sought to run to Tarshish, to escape from Yahweh; and he went down to Joppa, and found a boat to go to Tarshish: and he made a bribe against him, and he sailed with them to Tarshish, to escape from Yahweh.
On this foundation they built with gold, and with silver, and with precious stones, wood, and timber.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, When I brought forth your fathers out of the land of Egypt as bondservants, and made a covenant with them, saying,
They played the prostitute in Egypt, even playing the prostitute in the youth; and there they gave their milk, and there they took the breasts of her virginity.
He made the curtains of darkness round about, the waters that were gathered together, and the clouds that were in the sky.
He lifts up his voice, and shines. His eyes are like the eyes of the morning.
You shall not sacrifice to Yahweh your God any sick animal, or any kind of animal of iniquity; for it is an abomination to Yahweh your God.
There was a strong tower in the city; and all the people of the city fled, both men and women, and shut the doors, and set up the tower.
Go and tell David, Thus says Yahweh, I have given you three things: choose one of them, and I will do them to you.
How much more, Yahweh, the God of Armies, did you provoke to anger against your people?
Zion stretched out his hand, and no one comforted him: and concerning Jacob, Yahweh commanded to be his enemy round about; Jerusalem was among them as uncleanness.
I will go there, and you shall know where I am going.
When the prisoner received the commandment, he shut them up, and put them in the prison, and bound their feet in sackcloth.
For the fool will speak foolishly, and his heart will do evil, and will commit a blasphemy, and will speak falsely against Yahweh, and will make the hungry eat nothing, and the thirsty drink no water.
besides their servants and their handmaids, seven thousand three hundred thirty-seven; and those who sang, two hundred.
The charge of the temple shall not be increased; for the charge has been given to the Gentiles, and they shall tread down the temple forty-two months.
because they didn't listen to my voice, which I spoke to my servants the prophets, rising up early and sending them; but you didn't listen, says Yahweh.
You shall measure out the suburbs of the city, which you give to the Levites, round about the city, one thousand cubits.
Be taught, Jerusalem, lest my heart be with you, lest I make you a desolation, a land in which no man dwells.
Bring the wild animal, and make it a good bowl for me to eat; and I will bless you before Yahweh before my death.
But those who saw them were weaker and weaker, but they were weaker and weaker.
Yahweh saw the children of Israel, and Yahweh knew their doings.
Abram said to the king of Sodom, I have sworn by the Lord of heaven, Yahweh the Most High,
I myself, king Ahaz, have appointed all the vessels of gold that are beyond the River, saying, Do according to all that the scribes and the scribes of the law of God do to you, even to Ezra the priest;
Boaz commanded the young man, saying, If he gathers wheat among the young men, let him be gracious to him, and don't make him ashamed.
They called to themselves false witnesses, saying, This man speaks against this temple, and against the law of Moses.
If a man of God can purify himself once, and have no more iniquity, he shall not offer a sacrifice.
The foot shall tread on it, The sole of the needy, The sole of the afflicted.
Give me, God, a pure heart, That I may have a new and upright spirit within me.
But God sent prophets to them, that he might lead them to Yahweh. The prophets testified against them, but they didn't listen.
But the abomination of God is his mercy, Not the desire of man, Or the pleasure of man.
Go, buy a plot of land, as the Lord commanded me.
Joshua said, Why have you hurt us? Yahweh will also hurt you this day. So all Israel stoned him with stones, and burned him with fire, and stoned him with stones.
Therefore the rest of the heads of fathers' houses and the governors sought to kill Daniel in the midst of the kingdom; but they didn't find him, nor his corruption, nor his disobedience; for he was righteous; therefore they didn't find him, nor his corruption, nor his disobedience.
When the people saw the thunder, the lightning, and the sound of the trumpet, and the sound of the trumpet on the mountain, and when the people saw it, they trembled, and stood afar off;
In your land there is a man whose heart is sanctified by the Spirit of the Holy God: and behold, in the day that your father bears, there is in him light and understanding and wisdom, as in the wisdom of the gods: and your father, king Nebuchadnezzar your father, has made him a prince of the stars, and of the gallows, and of the Chaldeans, and of the gods of peace.
Immediately he spoke with them, saying, Behold, I am, and don't be afraid.
I have filled him with the Spirit of God, that he may be wise, and have understanding, and have knowledge, and may do all things.
How long will the land mourn, And all the grass of the land dry up? For the wickedness of the inhabitants of it, The livestock and the birds of the sky are consumed; For they say, He has not seen our end.
You shall not commit adultery.
They have defiled the house which I have called in my name with their abominations.
The disciples came and told him what they had done. He led them away, and brought them to a city called Bethsaida.
I will set my face against the man, and will cut him off from among the people; for he has offered his sons and his daughters to Molech, and has defiled my sanctuary, and profaned my holy name.
My eyes are heavy with sorrow. All my bodies are like a snare.
He laid the earth on its foundations, that it would not be shaken forever.
On his head was written a watermark, This is the King of the Jews.
If a man doesn't receive you, and you depart from their city, you shall break the dust of your feet, and be a reproach to them.
Speak to the children of Israel, and bring to you the frankincense that is to be savored, that the lamp may be filled continually.
Don't be like the Gentiles, who don't know God.
Elijah said to him, Don't be afraid. Go, do as you have said. But he brought me first a loaf of bread, and brought it to me, and baked it for you, and for your sons.
Therefore I am afflicted, and I am not ashamed; for I know my God, and know that he will keep me in his work until the day of the Lord.
The waters of the king's wrath have swept us away.
For now they will say, We are no king, because we don't fear Yahweh. What will the king do for us?
He said, Do you know why I came to you? Now I am going to fight against the angel of Persia. As I arose, behold, the angel of Helia comes.
Keep counsel for your sake. Keep the knowledge of your lips.
one male goat for a sin offering;
You have girded the mountains with power. You have set the mountains in order with strength.
But if they don't believe in you, and don't believe the first sign, they will believe the second sign, says Yahweh.
David said, Yahweh will deliver me from the roaring of the lions, and from the roaring of the harp. He will also deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine. Saul said to David, Go, and Yahweh will be with you.
Don't be astonished at me, saying, Take your first fruits.'
The king Ahasuerus answered Esther his queen, Who has done this thing with all his heart? Where is the man?
For if we are in trouble, it is to give you comfort and deliverance; and if we are in comfort, it is to give you comfort, that we may persevere in our affliction.
We found there a ship that was about to go to Phoenicia; and we sailed that ship out of the country.
He has entered into my innermost parts with the thorns of the ground.
In the bare stones of the valleys there is your portion. These are your inheritances, which you have inherited. You offer a present to them. Am I quiet in these things?
Because of this, he became a more righteous heir.
He said to them, Now therefore, take the water, and give it to the prostitute. They took it, and gave it to the prostitute.
Then said Toik the Edomite to Saul, When David came to the house of Ahimelech, he made the horn of the teaching, and gave it to the instrument of music, why do you boast about evil? For the loving kindness of God endures forever.
Yahweh will turn the earth into dust and into sand, and he will rain on you from the sky, until you perish.
Are you willing to walk in the ways of ancient men, In the ways of the wicked?
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance;
then the man shall gird up his door, but the flint shall not gird up; and the priest shall isolate the man who feign the flint seven days.
Therefore I give my whole heart to the chosen ones, that they may also receive the salvation of Christ Jesus, and eternal glory.
Yahweh gives strength to his people. Yahweh gives peace to his people.
He didn't allow anyone to persecute them, But for their sake he defended the kings.
You shall observe to do all that I command you; you shall not add to it, nor decrease it.
He brought me forth outside, and brought me into a chamber that was far off, toward the north, over against the house.
Abimelech went up, he and the men who were with him, to Mount Salmund. Abimelech took the axe out of his hand, and cut down a tree, and put it on his shoulder; and he said to the men who were with him, Look at what I have done: also look at what I have done.
Take heed to yourself that your heart not be deceived, so that you don't turn aside, and serve other gods, and worship them.
Therefore no one can say, You will be baptized in my name.
When you see the birds of the sky, they don't sow, they don't gather, they don't gather in the harvest, and your Father feeds them. Aren't you more honorable than the birds?
Paul answered him, I am a Jew, born in Dasoth, which is in Kiriah, a native-born people. Please let me speak to the people.
David said to him, Your blood is on your head; for your mouth has testified against you, saying, I have killed the anointed of Yahweh.
In their land the frogs were abundant, And the king's chambers were full of them.
Who makes a god, And makes an unprofitable idol?
But the princes of the children of Ammon said to Hanun, Didn't David send to comfort you, saying, Behold, he honors your father? Didn't his servants come to you to look at you, and to see the land, to destroy it?
The Jews answered him, We stoned you, not for your good, but because you have profaned God. You are a man, yet you are a thousand times God.
But if you only give thanks in your heart, and the congregation doesn't know what you are saying, why does he say with all his heart, Amen?
Uzziah took a great army, and went out to war, according to the number of Jeiel the scribe and Maaseiah the prince, by the hand of Hananiah the captain of the army of the king.
John answered, He who has two garments, let him give to him who doesn't have one; and he who has food, let him do the same.
When he was about to send them into the camp, he said to the captain of the guard, Do I have a word to tell you? The captain of the guard said, Do you know the words of Hera?
Esau said to Jacob, I am very weary. Please give me this leaf, that I may eat. Therefore Esau's name was Edom.
Moses said to the people, Remember this day, when you come out of the land of Egypt from the house of bondage; for Yahweh has brought you out from there with a mighty hand. You shall eat no bread of it.
But he said, Let the little ones come to me, and don't hinder them, for as the little ones do, so they will be to me a people of the Kingdom of Heaven.
Jacob's sons were defiled for his sister, and came to the slain, and took their cities.
For the earth trembled, because of the noise of their destruction. They cried out with a loud voice to the Red Sea.
Thus says his father-in-law, Because of the fear of the Jews, for the Jews have a covenant, and if anyone believes that Jesus is the Christ, let him go out of the synagogue.
These are the sons of Obed-Edom: they, and their sons, and their brothers, all of them mighty men of valor, able to do great works, and sixty-two men, born to Obed-Edom.
Rebekah said to Jacob her son, Behold, I heard your father tell Esau your brother, saying,
The servants of the king of Syria said to him, The God of Israel is the God of the mountains; therefore they will prevail against us: but if we fight with them in the plain, we will prevail against them.
So the elders brought them to his house, and took his donkey, and they washed their feet, and ate.
Those who live as foreigners in my house, and my handmaids, regard me as foreigners; and they regard me as foreigners.
For he has walked in the way of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, and has done that which he has sinned against Israel, and has provoked Yahweh, the God of Israel, to anger with his false idols.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were sixty-two thousand seven hundred.
He who loves his own life will sanctify it. He who doesn't seek his own life in this world will keep it for eternal life.
The king said to Esther the queen, The men of Judah killed five hundred men in Shushan the city, and the ten sons of Haman: and what has become of all the king's provinces? what have you put on? I will give it to you; and what have you asked? I will make it happen.
The priests the Levites cleansed themselves, and the people, and the gates of it, and the walls of it.
There they stayed until Herod passed by; that the Lord might confirm the words of the prophets, which he spoke, that I would bring forth my son out of Egypt.
For my own sake, and for David my servant's sake, I will preserve this city, and deliver it.
For I have kept the word of Yahweh, and have not done evil, to depart from my God.
Then the men who carried them carried away their captivity and their spoil from them, and left them before the princes and the congregation.
I will pour out my wrath on you, and I will blow on you the fire of my wrath; and I will deliver you into the hand of the cruel and cruel.
Behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that I will break your hand, and the hand of your father's house, so that there shall be no old man in your house.
You shall give to Yahweh a portion of the land for a holy offering, twenty-five thousand reeds long, and a thousand reeds broad: all his border round about shall be holy.
This shall be the number of the males who shall enter into the house of Yahweh, who shall be three years old and upward, all who shall come into the house of Yahweh, according to their number, day by day, to minister to them according to their divisions.
Saul sent him wherever he went; and David prospered greatly: and Saul made him captain of the army; and the people and Saul's servants saw that it was good.
It will happen in that day, Jerusalem, that the days of your wall will come, and your border will be broadened.
the owl, the owl, the owl,
Their father gave them many possessions, gold, and silver, and precious things, and the fortified cities of the land of Judah; but he gave the kingdom to Joram, because he was the firstborn.
You shall take a small amount of the incense, and make it sweet, and put it before the ark of the testimony which is in the tent of meeting; and I will be there with you: it shall be most holy to you.
They said to the prophet, There shall be no vision of the vision of the prophet. They said to the prophet, Don't speak to us upright words, but harsh words, and falsehood.
Shall the earth be forsaken for you because of your wrath, And the rock be lifted up from the foundations?
Stand at the gate of Yahweh's house, and prophesy there of these words, saying, Hear the word of Yahweh, everyone who is of Judah, who enters into the gates to worship Yahweh.
Israel has forsaken it. The adversary pursues it.
If I judge a man, my judgment is the foundation of my judgment, because I don't judge myself, but the Father who sent me judges with me.
They did his signs in the midst of their enemies, And did wonders in the land of Ham.
Before the Sabbath came, David arose, and all the men who were with him, and went out, and struck two hundred Philistines: and David took the king's skins; and they gave to the king the full amount, that he might be the king's son-in-law. Saul gave her to David as wife.
He said to them, Go, see what you see, and what you hear from John, the blind eye, the lame walking, the lepers, the sick, the dead, and the needy.
The king of Assyria baked the words of Maacah, his mother's brother, because he had made abominable images for Assyria. Asa took his images, and burned them with his teeth by the brook Kidron.
Yahweh of Armies will keep them; they shall devour their enemies, and tread down the stones which they have cast away; and they shall drink and shout, as they drink wine; and they shall be as a heap, as the horns of the altar.
They sought you, Yahweh, in their trouble. Your border came on them, and they prayed to you with their whole heart.
Your wrath has surrounded me. You have destroyed me with your terror.
Elijah went out from there, and found Elisha the son of Shaphan in the field; and twelve oxen were before him; and he drove twelve oxen. Elijah passed by, and put his clothes on him.
Therefore you shall present a present to Merezatgat; and the house of Ahaz shall deal treacherously with the kings of Israel.
His father and his wife shall take him, and bring him out, and bring him to the elders of the city, at the gate of his place;
There is no number of gold, silver, brass, or iron: rise up, and do it: Yahweh be with you.
I will surely bless you, And increase your seed to you.
and not in heaven, but, as you said, Who went up for us into heaven, and came to us, that we might hear and do it?'
The earth was made in the world, and the world was created through the earth, but the world didn't know it.
You have always had the poor with you, but I am not always with you.
So king Solomon did all the service of the house of Yahweh: and Solomon brought in the offering of David his father, and put silver, and gold, and vessels, in the vessels of the house of Yahweh.
I say this again: what you shall do to the elders of Judah, to help them to go to the house of God, to borrow the king's money out of the banks of the River, and to give it to them for a treasury, that they not bear burdens.
The trees said to the fig tree, Come you, and reign over us.'
Therefore you shall not pray for this people, nor lift up your voice for them, nor ask me for them; for I will not listen to you.
Afterward there came up seven oxen, very small, very poor, and very small: I have not seen them in all the land of Egypt.
You forgive the sins of your people. You cover all their iniquities. Selah.
The king said to Nathan the prophet, Behold, I dwell in a house of cedar; but the ark of Yahweh dwells in a veil.
He was sixteen years old when he began to reign; and he reigned fifty-two years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Jechariah of Jerusalem.
God will requite everyone according to his works.
The whole land was darkened, even to the third man three times.
Jeroboam reigned twenty-two years; and he slept with his fathers: and Nadab his son reigned in his place.
They will scatter dust like serpents, Like a creeping thing that creeps on the ground. They will tremble at the sound of it. They will be afraid to turn to our God, Yahweh, And be afraid for you.
and Shabbethai and Jehozabad, chief men of the Levites, over the officers of the house of God.
It is better to trust in Yahweh, Than to trust in kings' houses.
Yahweh said to Cain, Why do you be angry? Why do you hide your face?
It is a fool's snare, And a teacher of a young man. If you think that there is a law, then you are mistaken in knowledge and in truth.
He said, Do according to your word. So he sent them out, and they went. He bound the hook with a reed.
He cast the dead bodies and the ashes into all the valleys, and into all the fields, to the brook Kidron, and to the horns of the horse gate eastward; they shall be holy to Yahweh; they shall not go forth, nor fall, forever.
It happened on the eighth day, that they set a solemn assembly; for they offered the offering of the altar seven days, and the feast was seven days.
Philip arose, and went out; and he found a prisoner in the midst of you, the treasurer of Canaan the king of Egypt.
Haven't your eyes, Yahweh, been truth? You struck them, and they didn't grieve; You destroyed, and they wouldn't be judged: They made their face higher than stone, and wouldn't have shaved their heads.
The word of Yahweh came to Elijah, saying,
But forgive the sins of this people according to your loving kindness, As you have forgiven them from Egypt to the present.
Jesus answered them, The time has come for the Son of Man to be glorified.
The king commanded Hilkiah the high priest, and the second priest, and the porter of the gate, to bring out the vessels of the house of Yahweh for Baal, and for Asherah, and for all the multitude of the sky, out of the field beyond the brook Kidron in Jerusalem, and to bring the fire to Bethel.
For Yahweh is coming, he will judge the earth. He will judge the world in righteousness. He will judge all peoples in his faithfulness.
There is no justice in Jacob, neither is there any discernment in Israel: yet come you to Jacob and to Israel, that you may say, God has done great things.
Joshua took all the cities of the kings, and their kings, and struck them with the edge of the sword, and utterly destroyed them, as Moses the servant of Yahweh commanded.
They came to Abel of Beth Maacah, and hid it; and they buried it outside of the city, and hid it over against the city: and Joab and the people who were with him built him a city.
and with him a sister of virgins, that he may defile himself for her.
When you come to the gathering of the firstborn of God, their names will be in heaven; and when you come to the presence of the God of the peoples, you will come to the souls of the righteous who are sanctified.
Her brothers and her mother said, Please let the young lady stay with us for a little while, and then she may go.
He shall lay his hand on the head of the goat, and kill it before Yahweh in the place where he kills the burnt offering; it is a sin offering.
The men of Jabesh Gilead heard all that the Philistines had done to Saul.
The first name was Pisgah, which is in all the land of Hablah; and there was gold.
You shall not flee from the shepherd, Neither shall you escape from the head of the flock.
He spread out the north on the surface of the sky, And hanged it on the surface of nothing.
On the first day of every month, on the first day of every month, you shall take a few pieces of your money, every man according to his own means, that I may not be disappointed when I come to you.
He who preaches good news, and he who preaches peace, and he who preaches good news, and he who preaches salvation, says to Zion, Your God is King. His feet go up to the top of the mountains, and his steps to the top of the hills.
There were on it three branches of a tree, open and ripe; and afterward he cut off a scab and a blot out of a vine.
(Behold, the land of the Chaldeans is no more, and the Assyrians have made it a habitation for wild animals: they have laid their towers waste, they have broken down their palaces, they have made it a desolation.)
In the night my bones are snared with a thief. I am not able to stand.
Let the righteous rejoice in Yahweh. Let the upright praise Yahweh.
The children of Benjamin said, They are still slain before us. The children of Israel said, Let's flee, and let's bring them out of the city to you.
The Hebrews also passed over the Jordan to Gath and Gilgal; and Saul was yet in Gilgal; and all the people trembled and followed him.
and how he dealt with the army of Egypt, and with their horses, and with their chariots, when they pursued after you; and how he made the waters of the Red Sea to cover them, and destroyed them to this day;
But you gave the messengers wine, and commanded the prophet, saying, Don't tell the prophet.
On the east side six Levites, four on the north side, four on the south side, two in the chamber, and two in the dungeon.
Hear, our God, for we are deceived. Put their blasphemies on their heads, That they may be cut off in the land of captivity.
When the rest of the disciples heard it, they were angry with James and John.
The house which I am about to build is great, For our God is great above all gods.
He gave all that he had into Joseph's hand, and took away from him all that he had eaten, and all that he didn't know. Joseph trembled again.
When will he turn his face to me, and let me be alone for a moment, and let me be swallowed up for a moment?
Don't you know? Don't you hear? Yahweh, the God of Armies, he who made the ends of the earth, he will not weep, nor think; His wisdom will not be questioned.
As this, who has heard it? Who has seen all these things? Will a nation be built up in a day? Will a people be born in a moment? But Zion will bring forth sons and daughters when she is afflicted.
He who girds my waist with strength, That my way may be perfect.
He who curses his father or his mother shall surely be put to death.
From the twenty-nineth year of my appointment to the twenty-nineth year of his reign, from the reign of Artaxerxes, even to the twenty-nineth year, in the midst of the twelve years, I and my brothers ate no new wine of the governor.
The silver platters were one hundred thirty shekels, and the bowls seventy shekels; and all the vessels of silver, after the shekel of the sanctuary, were two thousand four hundred shekels.
He set up the wood, and cut the bull into pieces, and put it on the wood, and said, Fill the wood with four measures of water, and pour it on the burnt offering and on the wood.
He put all that was in Aaron's hand, and in the hand of his sons, and waved it for a wave offering before Yahweh.
The king of Israel said to his servants, Don't you know that Ramoth Gilead is ours? why do we hold our peace, and not come out of the hand of the king of Syria?
I will put your children in the hand of Judah, and they shall give them to the children of Sheba, a far country, says Yahweh.
Babylon is a desolation and an astonishment. Weep for her, and take frankincense for her snare. There is no cure for it.
Rejoice on Mount Zion, For your judgments are sound. Rejoice in the cities of Judah.
When no man pursues, as before the sword, they shall stomp on one another; and you shall not stand before your enemies.
The Egyptians have dealt wickedly with us, and have afflicted us, and called us to labor.
Blessed be he who comes in the name of the Lord, Peace be in heaven, Glory to the Most High!
Balak said to Balaam, You shall not curse them, nor bless them.
We, the daughters of our fathers, worshiped with zeal day and night, and hoped for this hope. For this hope I testified against the Jews, O king.
He will open his eyes and rejoice. He will rejoice and sing. The glory of Lebanon, and the beauty of Carmel and Sharon, will come to him. They will see the glory of Yahweh, and the mystery of our God.
The righteous dwells in the presence of the wicked, As in a defiled well that runs on a whirlwind.
It will happen, when the dead are turned into dead, and the dead to become dead, that the death which is written will be sown in the midst of all the earth.
The righteous inherit the house of the wicked, And know that the wicked will fall until they are consumed.
The sons of Jacob answered Shechem, and Hamor his father, with lies, because he had defiled Dinah his sister.
He knew their palaces, and made their cities a desolation, because of the noise of their cries; and the land was desolate, and all that was therein.
Bring the curser out of the camp, that the hearer may lay his hand on his head; and all the congregation shall stone him with stones.
But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, Surely this man went to be cast out of the temple by Beelzebul the king.
I call my servant, and he doesn't answer. With my mouth will I ask him.
What do you mean, that you judge other servants? They stand still, or fall, and their master will respect them. They stand still, because the Lord will help them.
You have made us to enter into the dungeon. You have put the dungeon on us.
For Yahweh our God has brought us forth, and our fathers, out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage, and has done great signs in our sight, and has preserved us in all our ways, and in all the countries where we have passed.
Then I asked the angel who spoke with me, What are these? He answered me, These are the horns that have scattered Judah, Israel, and Jerusalem.
So all the children of Israel went out: and Joseph gave them chariots, and the food that was in the midst of you, according to the commandment of Pharaoh,
They taught in Judah, and walked through all the cities of Judah, and taught the people, in the book of the law of Yahweh.
He who has ears to hear, let him hear.
But let us write to them, saying, You shall eat no unclean thing, neither shall you sexually immoral, neither shall you eat the flesh nor the blood.
When she had finished speaking these words, she returned, and called her sister Mary, and said to her, The teacher is come, and he is calling you.
For there they set the throne of judgment, even the throne of the house of David.
You have abhorred the covenant of your servant, And spread his crown on the earth.
I will set a shepherd over them, and he will feed them, even David my servant. He will feed them, and be their shepherd.
There came a man of fugitives, and told Abram the Hivvim; and Abram lived in the land under the oak of Mamre the Amorite: and Mamre, Eshcol, and Aner were brothers, and they were with Abram.
Now the rest of the acts of Omri, and his might, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
Awkward gold! Awkward gold! The stones of the sanctuary shall be cast into every street.
This stone is precious to those who believe, but to those who don't believe it has become a stone forsaken by evil.
But if a woman is quiet, and has faith, and has love, and has sanctified herself, then she will be saved by her child.
You are full of the righteousness of the wicked. The righteousness and justice will take hold of you.
It happened, when they went to kill, that they left me there; and I fell on my face, and cried with a loud voice, saying, Ah Lord Yahweh! have you poured out your wrath on Jerusalem to utterly destroy the children of Israel!
Now therefore, behold, the king whom you shall ask is here; and behold, Yahweh has set a king over you.
Behold, there is a fire coming down out of the sky, and it is two chiefs, and fifty men with them: now therefore consider my life precious.
When you lie in the sheep's dung, you are like a lion's snare, And its doors are like gold.
If he turns away, he shall be redeemed; but if he doesn't, he shall be reconciled with him; and a man shall not forsake his wife.
My son, you shall be called the prophet of the Most High; for you shall be a prophet of the Lord, and shall prepare his way;
Jesus said to him, Go, and be healed by your faith. Immediately, when the blind saw it, they followed him.
One of them, an Agape, stood up, and prophesied in the Holy Spirit, and said, There will be a great famine in the land. This was done in the years of Cyrus.
All these things have been heard. First, fear God, and keep his commandments with all your heart and with all your soul. This is a disease of man.
Then the king commanded, and they took the men who bore Daniel, and their wives, and cast them into the lion's den; and before they came near to the lion's den, the lion lifted up his horns on them, and took them.
You shall take the fat of the sheep, and its fat tail, and the fat of the molten image, and the cover of the dish, and the two kidneys, and the fat of the kidneys, and the head of the right ear (this is the lamb that is offered in the offering of the holy offering).
But if there be witnesses to us, as clouds covering us, let us cut off all our iniquities, and all our trespasses, and let us fear the way before us.
Didn't he receive? Didn't he divide the spoil? Didn't he divide a woman? He divided the turban of the turban, and the turban of the turban of the turban, two thousand turbans of turban, to hang them over his neck for the spoil.
The ordinances of the law are cut off because they are not strong, neither are they profitable.
So when the children of Israel were in the valley on the one side, and the children of Israel on the other side of the Jordan, when they saw that Israel was fled, and that Saul and his sons were dead, they forsook the cities, and fled. The Philistines lived there.
Therefore I will give you wisdom and understanding; and I will give you riches, and riches, and honor: neither shall the kings who were before you do so, nor the kings who were after you do so.
If Satan has divided himself, how can his kingdom stand? You say, I have cast out demons by Beelzebul.
The prince said to them, Let them live. So they made the congregation wood cutters and carpenters, according to the word of the prince.
The riches of a man's soul will sustain him, But the poor also fear the voice of his oppressors.
and that your house may receive from Yahweh the seed which she shall give to your seed, as the house of Perez, whom Tamar bore to Judah.
There went down three of the chief men into the rock to David into the wall of Adullam: and the army of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
and with those who stand this day with us before Yahweh our God, and with those who are not with us this day.
This is the commandment of those who watch, and the commandment of those who are holy, that all may know that the most high rule over a nation, and give it to men according to their own will, and make it for it.
Before he goes up to the high place to eat, you shall find him in the city; for before he comes, the people shall not eat until he comes to bless the sacrifice, until he eats of those whom he asks. Now go up, and you shall find him in this hour.
There is no faith, there is no covenant, there is no friend, there is no compassion.
Fire came forth from before Yahweh, and burned the burnt offering and the fat on the altar: and when all the people saw it, they lifted up their voice with great joy, and fell on their faces.
The earth shall not be broken forever, for it is mine. You are strangers and foreigners before me.
The slain shall fall in the land of the Chaldeans; And the slain shall fall in the streets.
Achish said, What land are you going into this day? David said, The South of Judah, The South of the Elamelites, The South of the Kenites.
As for your wisdom, so is all righteousness. Know that God doesn't forget your sins.
Though you offer a burnt offering and a meal offering to me, I will not rejoice; but if you offer a fattened animal for a sacrifice of peace offerings, I will not be able.
When a man walks, he will walk all the way. He shall not turn back when he walks.
If it is borne in the skin, then the priest shall pronounce him unclean, because he has a blemish.
Yahweh will divide you into a portion, and cast you into a broad place, as he does casting out petitions: and there shall die the reproach of your master's house; and there shall be your glory's chariots.
From the time of the judge of Israel even to the time of the king of Israel and of the kings of Judah there was no such Passover made as this.
that the children of men may know your mighty works, The majesty of your kingdom, and your glory.
Pharaoh brought a great army and a great multitude, when they went into the dust to build a tower to destroy the multitude; and he couldn't help him in the war.
But the saints of the Most High will inherit the kingdom forever and ever.
You shall not take your neighbor's house, nor your wife, nor your servant, nor your handmaid, nor your ox, nor your donkey, nor all that your neighbor has.
Therefore Yahweh has rewarded me according to my righteousness, And according to my purification before his eyes.
He cut off the high places, and destroyed the pillars, and cut down Asherim, and broke in pieces the brass of Moses; for the children of Israel burned incense to it at that time, and called it Nephsidan.
but he said to me, You can't build a house for my name; for you are a soldier, and you will be shed with blood.'
So I bought the field of Anathoth, which I had bought from Hanamel the son of my uncle, and gave him ten shekels of silver.
Let my seed be given to others to eat, And the root of my fruit to be sown.
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance.
They bound the hand of the nobles, and brought them to you: they didn't see the great face, neither did they honor it.
The days of his glory, and of his honor, and of his greatness, and of his honor, were many, even one hundred eighty days.
There were four chambers on the east side, three in this chamber, and three in that chamber; and the pillars on the one side, and the pillars on the other side, were the same.
Nadab did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh; and he walked in the way of his father, and he made atonement for his father for the sins of the children of Israel.
The Lord God delivered up his enemies into your hand, and they glorified him. Abram gave Malchitesheth one of ten parcels of all that he had.
I long for you with my heart, And seek you in the morning with my soul; For you judge the earth, And the people of the earth learn righteousness.
He put a white branch on the ram's snout, and on the snout's snout, and burnt it with the sheep; and when the sheep came to drink water, she was bound.
Ariel Shiloh the sluggard struck me with a great plague: and the Lord recompensed him according to his work.
Then David was in the stronghold; and the garrison of the Philistines was in Bethlehem.
You shall sacrifice to Yahweh your God from your flocks and from your herds, in the place which Yahweh shall choose, to his name.
David's servants came to Abigail to Carmel, and said to him, David sent us to you, that he might take you as wife.
Jeroboam the son of Joash returned to his house, and stayed there.
Peter said to him, Lord, it is good that we are here. If you would like, here I will take three baskets, one for you, one for Moses, and one for Elijah.
Their faith is a open tomb. All of them are mighty men.
I am the widow of the elders, afflicting the elders among you. I am the widow of Christ, afflicted with the glory that is to come.
Then he bowed himself to his disciples, and said to them, Don't tell anyone that he is the Christ.
Look at all the proud, and lay your hand on him. Follow the wicked in the land where they stand.
So Yahweh delivered Hezekiah out of the hand of Sennacherib king of Assyria, and all his enemies, and gave them rest round about.
Will you be wrathful to us forever? Will you go back and forth in your anger?
You shall be astonished at the cities that are far off, and far from you, and at those that are far off from you.
You shall make a shield of pure gold, and write on it according to the script, saying, The Lord Yahweh is holy.
You didn't store his words in your heart, because you didn't believe him whom he sent.
When he opened the third seal, I heard a third living creature saying, Come, and when I saw it, I saw a ram riding on a horse, and those who rode on it with their hands on their backs.
Now, Lord, what shall I wait? My hope is in you.
Shall a man hold his peace when you rejoice? shall no man make you ashamed when you lay his hands on you?
The meal offering and the drink offering shall not come into the house of Yahweh; but the priests who serve Yahweh mourn.
Seven days you shall keep the feast of Yahweh in the seventh month, on the fifteenth day of the month, in the harvest of your land: the first day shall be a holy rest, and the eighth day a holy rest.
A man departs from his place, and wanders away, As a bird departs from its cup of snares.
Isaiah said, Yahweh will do what he says. This is the sign that Yahweh will give you.
The lord of it was very angry, and put him in prison, and was punished, until he had made the whole sacrifice perfect.
In many cities there is lamentation, and the heart of the wounded mourns; But God doesn't look for the unrighteousness.
Joseph returned, and buried his father. There were with him all the servants of Pharaoh, and the elders of the house of Pharaoh, and all the elders of the kingdom of Egypt,
For there was a rooster and a snare in the midst of it;
Arise, Yahweh, fight against him, and strike him. Deliver my life with your sword from the wicked.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Five of you shall chase one hundred men, and five of you shall chase one hundred men: and your enemies shall fall by the sword before you.
Yahweh said to me, The thing which they have spoken is good.
The inheritance of the children of Simeon was from the inheritance of the children of Judah; for the portion of the children of Judah was small: therefore the children of Simeon were given in their inheritance.
I will cast abominable things on you, and will dishonor you, and cause your eyes to see.
The birds of prey are in the midst of it. They will dwell in the midst of the oaks.
So we will give thanks to you forever, as your people and as the sheep of your pasture. We will praise your name forever and ever.
Will you also raise us up, That your people may rejoice in you?
When he heard that he was praying at the door of the temple, he feared and was amazed at the things that happened to him on the new earth.
God gives food to all life, For his loving kindness endures forever.
You have a vow from God, but don't keep it. For he doesn't delight in fools. You have a vow.
You shall scatter them, and the wind shall sweep them away, and the whirlwind shall sweep them away; but you shall rejoice in Yahweh, and rejoice in the Holy One of Israel.
Woe to the nations of iniquity, and to the peoples of sin, and to the sanctuaries of evil, and to the children of devastation! For they have turned away from Yahweh, and have despise the Holy One of Israel, and have turned away from him.
Therefore I love your commandments above gold, And above pure gold.
I have made a covenant with you, as with my father and with your father: now I have given you silver and gold: take away the covenant that you made with Baasha king of Israel, and let him go from me.
Therefore thus says Yahweh to me: If you return, I will cause you to return to stand before me; and if you bring out of the midst of the earth precious men, you shall be my servant; and they shall return to you; but you shall not return to them.
A rich man is wise in his own eyes, But the poor and needy see him out of their own eyes.
The children of Israel called it the manna, as a drunkard, whose skin was white, and the taste of it as the bread of honey.
All the wise men of the king came in from that time; but they didn't read the writing, neither did they make known to the king the interpretation.
and said to them, This people will tell me, Your father has put a stumbling block in our stumbling, deceive us. Now therefore, what counsel do you give us to restore them?
He destroys the counsel of the sluggard, To the end that the work of their hands shall not be done.
You shall take other stones instead of the stones, and fill the house with dust.
Yahweh said to Moses, Every prince shall offer his offering in his day, and he shall do the offering of the altar.
But don't you punish the daughter; for the daughter is not worthy to die; but this is as a man who goes up against his neighbor, and kills him.
Behold, Yahweh commanded, and he struck the great house, and led it out; and he struck the small house, and led it out.
You shall wash your body, anoint yourself, and put on your clothing, and go down to the threshing floor; but you shall not cause the man to see you. Until he has eaten and drunk,
I will endure the wrath of Yahweh, because I have sinned against him, and he has judged me before his argument. He will bring me forth to light, and I will see his righteousness.
Then the prophet brought the dead body of the man of God over the donkey, and brought it to the city of the old prophet, to weep for him, and to bury him.
The love of God endures forever, but the revelation of the truth is a temporary thing. The riches of the tongue will be lost, and the knowledge will be lost.
His sons and his daughters are far from safety. They are oppressed in the gate, and there is no one to save them.
Moreover all the violence that you have done to Lebanon, and all the violence that you have done to the animals of the field to make them afraid, will cover you; because you have killed men, and done the violence that you have done to the cities of the land, and to the inhabitants of it.
He who is satisfied, let him be satisfied. He who is hungry, let him not be hungry. He who is unemployed, he who has seven sons, he who has many sons, he is defiled.
Who is better than you? Sit down with uncircumcised men.
There were also horns in the thorns, and a great thorn cut off the thorns.
The vines said to the vines, Come you, and reign over us.'
In that day Yahweh grew angry, and swore, saying,
Yahweh said to Moses, Behold, you shall sleep with your fathers; and this people shall arise, and shall play the prostitute, and shall depart from me from the gods of the land, where he shall dwell, and from the covenant that I made with him.
saying, Yes, the Lord has risen, and he has shown himself to Simon.
Micaiah spoke to them all the words that he had heard, which Baruch had heard while he read to the people.
It shall happen, when he rises, that his kingdom shall be divided, and its expanse shall be toward the four faces of the sky; but it shall not be given to his seed, neither shall it have the dominion that was before him: for his kingdom shall be lifted up, and shall be given to another of his seed.
The first covenant also had a vow of thanksgiving, and the foundation of the temple that is in the world.
I will be their mouth, and will speak praises to them. Peace and good will will be to him who is far off and near, says Yahweh.
Jehohanan the son of Kareah came, and all the captains of the army who were in the field, to Mizpah, and said to him,
Who has a right to Yahweh in heaven? Who has a right to Yahweh in all the sons of mighty men?
Therefore I will set my face against them, that their terror may come on them; for I call, and no one answers; and I speak, and they will not listen; but I do that which is evil in my eyes, and it is not pleasing to me.
Remember, brothers, when you are called, that there is no one who is wise, neither is there any who is mighty, neither is there any who is a savior.
Go, bring Vashti the queen before the king in the crown of the queen, and show her beauty to the people and to her servants; for her face is good in appearance.
The man looked at him, and kept silent, that he might know whether Yahweh had given him the way in which he believed.
David said, It is good that I make a covenant with you; but I will ask you one thing, when you come to my face, if you don't bring Michal the daughter of Saul to me, you shall not come to my face.
Give me cakes of grapes, And pomegranates, To strengthen my spirit; For I have sat in the midst of the throne for love.
Their widows are multiplied before me, more than the sand of the sea: I have brought the extortioners in, against the mother of the young man; I have caused affliction and fear to come on him suddenly.
The chambers of the threshing floor are more; for the threshing floor is in the midst of it; and the threshing floor is more than the threshing floor.
The priests the Levites rose up at that time, and blessed the people: their voice was heard by Yahweh, and their prayer came to his dwelling place to the sky.
Noah bore three sons: Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
My mouth shall speak of the word of Yahweh. Let all flesh praise his holy name forever.
Wisdom is more precious than precious stones. There is nothing like it in the desire of a man.
The thicket is a snare, And the snare is burnt with fire, And the snare is struck with a rod, And the snare is snared with a strong arm, So that there is no hunger in the body, And there is no thirst in the water.
Barak, and Ammon, and Amalek, and the Philistines, and the house of Tyre;
These things are in your heart. I know that you have done them.
Yahweh spoke to Joshua the son of Nun, saying, Be strong and of good courage; for you shall bring in the children of Israel into the land which I swore to them, and I will be with you.
Turn again, and don't be unrighteous. Turn again, and my righteousness is still.
You shall do to the cities that are far off from you, and not to the cities of the nations.
They brought him the donkey, and threw their cloaks on the donkey, and raised him up on it.
They came to a city called Nazareth, and abode there, to prove the word of Yahweh, which he spoke to the prophet, that he would call the Nazarenes.
to be a witness between us and you, and between us and you, that we may minister to Yahweh with our burnt offerings, and with our peace offerings, and with other sacrifices; that your sons not say to our sons after you, You have no portion in Yahweh.
Delilah said to her, Why do you love me, seeing your heart isn't with me? You have deceived me three times, and haven't told me where your strength is.
As for me, Yahweh will show his promise to me. Your loving kindness endures forever, Yahweh. Don't forsake your work which you have made with your hands.
You shall hear what they shall say, and you shall go down to the camp; and Gideon shall go down, he and Apollos his servant, to the camp, by the side of the armor bearer.
But they are like Adam, Who made a covenant with me, and played the prostitute with me there.
It was told Joab, saying, Behold, the king weeps for Absalom.
I will wash away all their iniquities which they have sinned against me; and I will forgive all their sins which they have sinned against me.
But all the fields of the city, and all the villages of it, went to Caleb the son of Jephunneh.
Woe to him who commits iniquity and covetousness on the bed! Woe to him who sees the light, whose hands have strength to do it!
When he had said this, he prophesied.
Yahweh was angry with Uzzah; and Yahweh struck him there because of his iniquity: and he died there by the ark of Yahweh.
If I have made you bitter, who are also bitter among you, who can please me?
He and his disciples also led them away to the synagogue.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Jeremiah spoke to all the people all the words of Yahweh their God, even all the words that Yahweh their God sent him.
Samuel went up early in the morning to meet Saul. They told Samuel, saying, Saul went up to Carmel, and stood there for himself, and turned back, and went down to Gilgal.
Yahweh blessed Noah and his sons, and said to them, Be fruitful, and fill the earth.
and the first fruits of our offering, and the offering of our sacrifice, and the fruit of every tree, and the new wine and the oil, he brought to the priests into the treasuries of the house of our God; and the tithe of our harvest he gave to the Levites in the treasuries of the house of our God; for the Levites had tithes in all the cities of our land.
Yahweh, your name shall be forever. Yahweh, your name shall be forever.
For God is faithful. We are not slack in words, neither are we slack in deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of deeds of
My heart is filled with bad words. I speak of the words which I have spoken for the king. My tongue is a pit of idleness.
As I went about the city, behold, a altar was found in the place where you worshiped, written like this: it was offered to a spirit that you didn't know: now will I come and tell you that you worshiped this spirit which you didn't know.
But he is my rock and my salvation. He is my stronghold, and I will not be moved.
It happened after the death of Sann, that I went up to Jerusalem, and worshiped Peter, and stayed with him fifteen days.
God brought him forth out of Egypt, like the strength of an ox. He will devour the nations. He will break their bones. He will pass over them with his sword.
He said to his disciples, There were many harvesters, and few harvesters.
It happened on the third day, on the first day of Pharaoh's life, that he made a feast for all the servants, and killed the chief priests and the chief cooks before these servants.
There lived a man named Lazarus in Bethany, in the village of Mary and Martha, his mother's brother.
Elijah said to them, If I am a man of God, let fire come down from heaven, and devour you and the fifty men. Then the fire of Yahweh came down from heaven, and devoured him and the fifty men.
At that time all Israel was divided into two parts: one third followed Tephani the son of Chenad, to make him king; and the other third followed Omri.
When he found him, he brought him to Antioch; and they gathered themselves together with the assembly, and taught many. They were called the Christens, from Antioch.
You came to Jesus, the anchor of the covenant, and to the blood that was poured out, which was better than the blood of Abel.
Therefore the children of Israel didn't stand before their enemies; for they turned their backs before their enemies, because they were cursed; and if you didn't take the things which you should offer, and put them away from you, I would not be with you any more.
They swore one to another in the morning. Isaac sent them away, and they departed from him in peace.
According to the commandment of Yahweh made he an inheritance for Caleb the son of Jephunneh out of the house of Judah, Kiriath Arba, and Hebron; and Alba was the father of the Anakim.
Now therefore hear what Yahweh says: Arise, and make your argument before the mountains, that the hills may hear your voice.
Samuel spoke the kingdom to the people, and wrote it in a book, and put it before Yahweh: and Samuel scattered the people, and went every man to his house.
You shall choose wise men, and be wise, and have confidence, and have hope, according to your tribes, that I may make them your princes.'
Let's build one another up, and let's build one another up. Let's build one another up, and let's build one another up.
When he had made an end of speaking, Festus cried with a loud voice, You, Paul, are in a great strait! Your words have made you a great strait!
If you see the donkey of him who hates you falling down, don't go far: you shall keep the donkey that fell down with him.
Isaac was very afraid, and trembled, and said, Who is he? You have not yet come, but have brought to me what he has struck. I have eaten, and blessed him, and he shall surely be blessed.
For the righteous fall seven times, And rise up again. The wicked are destroyed.
then hear in heaven your prayer, and do according to all that the Gentiles ask of you; that all the peoples of the earth may know your name, and fear you, as your people Israel, and that they may know that I have made this house holy by your name.
Leah said, God has given me a wage, because I gave my handmaid to my husband. She named him Issachar.
If you will do this very thing, then you shall be king over David, and over his servants, and over his people, and over his chariots, and over his horses, and over the gates of this house.
one young bull, one ram, one male lamb a year old, for a burnt offering;
He will deliver me from all my troubles. My eyes will see my enemies recompensed.
But Yahweh said to Samuel, Don't look at his beauty, nor at the greatness of his body; for I have cast it away: for Yahweh sees no man, but Yahweh sees a foreigner.
But if your people Israel, because they have sinned against you, be slain before their enemies, and they turn to you, and call on your name, and pray to you in this house;
But Moses stretched out his hand; and they took a stone, and put it under him; and he sat on the stone, and Aaron and Hur stretched out their hands, one on this side, and another on that side; and their hands were in order until the sun had come down.
Therefore, if you hear the voice of God this day, don't harden your heart, as in the rebellion of your fathers.
If the animal is taken from the guard, it shall be sold to its owner.
David said to the messenger, Thus shall you tell Joab, Don't wait for this thing; for the sword has slain a man, and he is not able to live: be strong again against the city, and fall on him.'
He will make them to walk in his statutes, And to keep his ordinances. Praise Yah!
You shall divide the land which Yahweh your God gives you to possess it into three parts: and you shall open it to you, that all those who kill it may flee there.
Behold, the kings are gathered together, and they pass there together.
The arrows of the sword went in, and the arrows of it struck the oil; for they didn't shoot out of their stomachs; but they went out by the side of their feet.
He measured the house that was behind him, on the one side, and the porch on the other side, one hundred cubits; and he measured the house, and the porch of the court.
But Paul thought that he didn't say so, for this John had left them in Pamphylia, and didn't cooperate with them.
The men of Dan looked behind them, and said to Micah, What do you do, that you gather these men together?
Now I know that Yahweh is better than these gods, that he has done proudly to these peoples, even to the Egyptians.
Samuel said, Bring Agag king of Amalek to me. Agag calmly came before him; and Agag said, The affliction of death shall pass away.
He gave thanks to the God of the Red Sea, Pharaoh, and his army; for his loving kindness endures forever:
When I have passed through Macedonia, I will come to you.
He cried with a loud voice, saying, He who believes in me doesn't believe in me, but he who sent me.
Rejoice continually.
The Son of Man will also come as Noah did.
Woe to those who fill houses, and those who fill fields, so that there is no shelter; but you shall stand in the land.
In the third day he shall cleanse himself with the water; and in the seventh day he shall be clean: but if he is not clean in the third day, he shall be unclean in the seventh day.
The disciples therefore came and asked him, Why do you speak to them in parables?
Declare this in the midst of the nations, and prepare war, and raise up mighty men, that all things may be unpunished.
If a stone in his hand is laid on him who dies, and he dies, he is a murderer, and the murderer shall surely be put to death.
For Haman the son of Hammetatha the Agagite, the father of the children of Hametatha, the enemy of the men of Judah, has devised a war against the men of Judah, to destroy them, and to break in pieces Pul, the axe, to destroy them, and to destroy them;
They said, No; tell us. Jehu answered, Thus and thus has he told me. He said, Thus says Yahweh, I have anointed you king over Israel.
When all the people had scarcely eaten, Paul stood among them, and said, Columba, if you will listen to me, and don't depart from Cyrene, you will not find this evil, nor this truth.
Then you shall call on me, and shall go and pray to me; and I will hear you.
Jacob blessed the two sons of Joseph, and worshiped God with the rod, because of his faith, when he was about to die.
It shall happen, if you shall hear these things, and do them, that Yahweh your God will restore to you the covenant and loving kindness which he swore to your fathers.
that they may possess the remnant of Edom, and the nations which are called by my name, says Yahweh concerning this.
It happened, when Ahaziah king of Judah saw it, that he fled by the way of the house that was in the field. Jehu pursued after him, and said, Kill him also in the chariot. He struck him at the top of Gibeon, which is by Gibeon. He ran to Megdoon, and died there.
For Yahweh will go and strike the Egyptians; and when he sees the blood at the entrance of the gate, and at the entrance of the gate of the other side, Yahweh will pass over the gate, and will not allow the life to enter into your house, to strike you.
For my enemies can't triumph over me. I know that you are my friend.
Now concerning the seventh day, there is a place which says, In the seventh day God rests from all his work.
Immediately one of them ran, and took a snare in the sea, and wrapped himself in sackcloth, and dragged him away.
I have heard the groaning of the children of Israel, that the Egyptians labor in their affliction; and I have remembered my covenant.
But the second voice answered from heaven, saying, You shall not defile the thing which God has cleansed him.'
Jesus turned and said to Peter, Shut up, Satan. You are my condemnation. Your thoughts are not God's, but men's.
We all fell to the ground; and I heard a voice in Hebrew saying to me, Saul, Saul, why do you persecute me? as a ox licks the skin of his thigh, he licks his own skin.'
The help of Egypt is vain and without profit. Therefore I have called him Rahab, who is in danger of death.
Heaven and earth will pass away, But my words will not pass away.
Pharaoh said to Joseph, I am Pharaoh. If you don't raise your voice, don't let any man put his hand to his foot in all the land of Egypt.
Therefore prophesy to them all these words, and strike them, and say, Yahweh will shout from above, from his dwelling place, and from his flock; and he will shout to all the inhabitants of the earth, as he treads on vines.
Let your enemies know your name. Let the nations tremble before you.
You opened another in the wall between the two cities, and poured out the water of the pool: but you didn't hope to make it, neither did you consider it to be necessary, but came to the God who made it.
If a fool asks you to eat bread, and you go, you may eat all that is set before you. Don't wait for the wisdom of your heart to answer the east gate.
It happened after the death of Ibzan, that Elon the Zebulun was judge over Israel; and he judged Israel ten years.
It happened in the seventh year, that Jehoiada sent and called the Canaanites and the captains of the guard, and brought them into the house of Yahweh to him, and made a covenant with them, and swore to them in the house of Yahweh, and showed them the king's son.
If a man desires a pregnant woman to be married to him, he shall take her as wife.
The king answered the people with a wicked speech; and king Rehoboam forsook the counsel of the old men.
Rejoice for the kings of Israel.
How long shall it be, you who fight against one another, and destroy it, as a wall of a tower, or as a wall to fall on?
Then I will ask, Shall all Israel fall? shall they not rise? for it is too much; for their iniquities have brought salvation to the Gentiles, but they have stirred them up.
The elders of the assembly shall be like the rulers of God: they shall not be proud, nor wrathful, neither shall they be violent, neither shall they profane, nor seek unrighteous gain.
The oxen and the silver and the gold of Abram were many.
Hate stirs up strife, But love covers all transgressions.
Our bones are scattered by the edge of the grave, As a man sifts out the ground.
Some of them followed him, and some of them mourned and wept for him.
In the time of their wrath, when they were angry with us, the sun lifted us up, and devoured us.
The locusts arose throughout all the land of Egypt, and lived throughout all the land of Egypt, and destroyed all the kingdoms of it. There was no locust like it at that time, neither was there any more.
He who gives to the needy doesn't come to poverty, But he who doesn't see, he is cursed.
If you sit with a ruler, show kindness to those who are before you.
He who is high priest among his brothers shall dip the anointing oil on his head; and he shall bear the holy title; he shall wear holy garments: he shall not break the hair of his head, nor torn his clothes.
For all know your obedience. Therefore I rejoice for you. But I want you to stand up for the good, and to be wise in the evil.
I command you in the sight of God and Christ Jesus, and in the sight of the angels who are chosen, that you observe these things, and don't be afraid, nor be dismayed in anything.
So they feared Yahweh, and made priests of the high places out of all the people, who sacrificed to them in the high places.
This thing is righteous in the eyes of God forever and ever.
Make yourself a good counselor in all things. When it is time to teach, be patient and patient.
You shall eat the flesh of the ram for a consecration in a holy place.
I know it. Why is it right for a man to be justified before God?
For whatever is done, and whatever is hidden, whether it is good or bad, God will judge.
He was king over Judah in Hebron seven years and six months; and he reigned over all Israel and Judah in Jerusalem thirty-three years.
Why then will you die, you and your people, by the sword, and by the famine, and by the pestilence, according to the word of Yahweh, that you will not serve the king of Babylon?
I left the robes of Capernaum in Troas; and when you came, bring them, and bring the books, even the books of the sheep's skin.
Then you say, What knows God? Will he see through darkness, and judge?
Six days shall labor be necessary for all your work;
Arise, Jerusalem, and do it! Open your snares, Zion, the captivity of the children of Zion.
I will cause all the peoples of the earth, who have heard your name, to be afraid of you, and of you, and to be trembling because of you, this day.
The famine came in the seventh year. As Joseph had said, there was famine in all the countries, but in all the land of Egypt there was bread.
There was also a great eagle, and a great, and a ten foot gate: and behold, the vine stretched out its branches toward him out of the planting place, and raised its branches toward him, and hoped that he might turn again.
He took two chariots and horses; and the king sent after the Syrians, saying, Go and see.
The labor of fools makes them weary; For he doesn't know how to enter into a city.
You shall make the breastplate of blue, purple, scarlet, on the sides of the breastplate round about; and the heart of the breastplate round about shall be of gold.
The city has the glory of God. The light of the city is like the precious stones of the most holy ones. It sparkles like the light of springs of water.
that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon took Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah, and all the honorable men of Jerusalem, whom they didn't take away from Jerusalem to Babylon.
But if any man turns to himself to be Christ's, consider whether he is Christ's, and we are Christ's.
When the husband is yet alive, the woman shall be rebuked; and if the husband dies, she shall give to him who loves her, but to him who believes in the Lord.
that he who created all things, and who sought to bring many into glory, that Jesus, who was crucified, should come out of the affliction and from the affliction, he should be glorified.
They broke down the pillars of Baal, and broke down the house of Baal, and made it a fortress to this day.
When he has washed him, the priest shall examine him, and, behold, if the plague is worse, then he shall tear it from the garment, or from the skin, or from the hair, or from the skin.
He shall kill the bull before Yahweh; and Aaron's sons the priests shall offer the blood, and sprinkle the blood at the door of the Tent of Meeting, and on the altar round about.
Stand in the temple, and proclaim to all the people the testimony of this life.
He brings the sin of the wicked on them. He will destroy them when they do evil. Yahweh our God will destroy them.
Let the day of my birth be cursed. Let the day of my mother's birth be without blessing.
For the sake of the truth of the Good News, we didn't appoint a centurion to them.
Thus says Yahweh, Behold, I will bring evil on this place, and on the inhabitants of it, even the curses which are written in the book of the prophecy before the king of Judah.
Then he went and called the porters, and told them to the king's house.
Now Josiah burned the altar and the top of the mountain that was built in Bethel, and Jeroboam the son of Nebat, which Israel had sinned: and he burned the altar and the top of the mountain; and he burnt the top of it, and he poured out water for it, and poured out the Asherah.
The priest shall take the wave offering, and shall wave it before Yahweh: and it shall be holy, with the wave offering, and with the horn of it, and shall be given to the priest; and he shall drink wine afterward.
Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
The wicked says in his heart, You will not be saved. Why does he despise God?
If you cause your brothers to be afflicted with your food, then your ways don't come out of love. You shall not destroy your food for Christ's sake, who died for him.
He sweeps the mountain, and the mountain doesn't know it. His anger is kindled, and he brings the mountain down.
God doesn't call us by our uncleanness, but by our holyness.
Thus shall you say to your neighbor, and to your brother, What will Yahweh answer? What will Yahweh say?
So your faith will be established, and you will be holy before our God and Father, when he comes, and his saints with him.
Deliver me from those who do evil, And from those who desire the life of men.
Go to the priests the Levites, and to the judges of the day, and inquire of them; and they will testify against you.
Come, see my hands and my feet, and know that I am myself; and touch them, and know, for there is no bone nor flesh. Touch them, and see, I am all of you.
I will call on the Most High, the God who has done all things to me.
They are for Yahweh their God, and for David their king, whom I will raise up.
But Yahweh testified to Israel and to Judah by the prophets and by the prophets, saying, Depart from your evil ways, and keep my commandments and my statutes, and do according to all that I have commanded your fathers, and by my servants all the prophets, to give you a perfect law.
Jesus said to him, This is what we are talking about with you.
Then I opened my mouth, and he gave me the book.
But his power endures among our saints, From the beginning even to the end.
They said one to another, Who did this? They asked one another, and said, This is what Gideon the son of Joash did.
Jacob rebelled against Laban, the Syrian, and fled, and didn't tell him.
The glory of Lebanon, the olive tree, and the olive tree, and the pomegranate tree, shall be with you, that I may set my sanctuary in order; and I will give glory to my footstool.
Speak to all the people of the land, and to the priests, saying, You have come seventy years, and have fasted in the fifth month and in the seventh day: are you fasting for me, or do you fast for me?
He who is first among you shall be your bondservant.
Lift up your eyes, Jerusalem, and see, you men of the north. Where is the flock which was given to you, your beautiful flock?
He threw out a great bull, and threw it into the sea, and sent it throughout all Israel, saying, So shall it be done to the bull that doesn't follow Saul and Samuel. Yahweh made the people afraid, and they hurried.
He shall stand on the two sides of the bird, and break it; but he shall not break it; and the priest shall burn it on the wood that is on the altar on the fire: it is a burnt offering, an offering made by fire, of a sweet savor to Yahweh.
and give Solomon my son a heart of truth, to keep your commandments, and your ordinances, and your statutes, and to do all these things together, and to build the house that I have prepared.
Deliver me according to your righteousness. Release me. Turn your ear to me, and save me.
The seed of Abraham his servant, The seed of Jacob whom he has chosen,
Therefore we have sent Judah and Shelah; and they will tell you the things which are written in the book of the Bible, and in the cup.
Behold, the day of Yahweh comes, and it shall be wrath, and wrath, and great wrath, to make this land desolate, and to cut off from it those who sin.
He buried him in the grave of his own house in the field of Uzza; and Josiah his son reigned in his place.
It happened in the seventh month, that Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, the son of Elishah, the king's brother, took ten men with him, and struck Gedaliah, and the Jews who were with him at Mizpah, and the Chaldeans.
I will tell God, Don't let me be guilty, but test me. For what do you contend with me?
Then the king went out, and all his household with him; and the king left behind ten others to build his house.
But fear Yahweh, and serve him with all your heart and with all your soul; for you shall remember that he has done great things for you.
They brought in the ark of Yahweh, and set it in its place, in the tent which David made for it: and David offered burnt offerings and peace offerings before Yahweh.
Jacob came from Paddan Aram, and God appeared to him, and blessed him.
saying, I will not enter into the tent of my house, Neither will I wash my bed;
You have made the counsel of the needy to fail; But Yahweh will be their refuge.
So also is the dead, who are raised from the dead. The body that is buried in the dust will be barren, and when they are raised, they will be barren.
Abijah grew strong, and took ten wives, and bore twenty-two sons and six daughters.
This is the bread that comes down out of heaven, that they may eat, and not die.
He said, What is like the Kingdom of God? What shall I recompense with?
My soul said to Yahweh, You are my Lord, and I will not be blessed without you.
The younger also bore a son, and named him Benjamin, the father of the children of Ammon.
Don't rebuke your father, as you afflict your father; As you afflict your brother from the young,
They did so before the throne of God, and served him day and night in his holy temple; and he who sits on the throne was with them to keep them.
If anyone asks you anything, give him it. If anyone takes your goods, don't return them.
He made the censers of the iniquity of those who had sinned against their lives a covering, and set up the altars: for they offered them before Yahweh, which are holy, that they might be a watchman to the children of Israel.
The wicked will receive a bribe in secret, And will be punished harshly.
You inhabitants of Dibon, come down from the words of your glory, and sit in the dry land; for the destruction of Moab has come up against you, and has destroyed your strongholds.
Hear, Job, my words. Hold your peace, and I will speak.
The voice of Yahweh makes the mother astonished to bear a son, And makes the trees of the forest green and shining. All who dwell in the house cry, Glory to Yahweh.
They sought me day and night, and were glad to know my ways, as a righteous people, that didn't depart from the law of their God: and they sought me in righteousness, and were glad to come near to God.
You have made a covenant with David my father, whom you have promised to your servant. You have spoken with your mouth, and with your hands have you established it, as it is this day.
for two hundred shekels of pomegranates; and for one shekel two hundred shekels of water, and two hundred shekels of pomegranates for the two corners of the pillars;
that you may be saved in the latter days by those who believe and are sanctified by the power of God.
So did Rehum the governor, and Shemaiah the scribe, who were about to send letters to the men of Jerusalem, and to the king of Arashias:
You shall also prepare a place for me to dwell, for I hope that God will hear your prayer, that I may come to you.
When you sit at the table, ask the poor, the sick, the lame, the blind,
What will you do when you are cut off? Though it is good for you to be clothed with scarlet, and to cover your eyes with embroidered work, it is vanity. Your love despises you, and seeks your life.
For the counsel of God is more righteous and righteous, so that they may be perfect with us.
He washed their feet, and put on his cloak, and came again to sit down, and said to them, Do you understand what I have done to you?
These are the animals which you shall eat: oxen, rams, goats,
The proud have hidden their snares and their cords from me. They have set a trap by the way. Yahweh is determined to harm me. Selah.
I saw the holy city, Jerusalem, coming down from heaven like a new winepress, to meet the bridegroom.
Will he counsel me with a mighty hand? No, but he will listen to me.
In the seventh year you shall have a great rest, a rest for Yahweh: you shall not till your fields, nor till your vineyards.
But you are like water, and you shall not stand: for you have defiled your father's bed, and my bed, and you have defiled it;
My days are fulfilled. My counsel and my thoughts are turned away from me.
The city is laid waste. The gates of it are broken down.
The chief priests and the chief priests took him, and put him to death, and sentenced him to death.
The words of the wise are like thorns, And their snuffing is like a snuff lamp: All this is the gift of a shepherd.
Now I know that Yahweh has delivered his anointed, and has heard his words out of his holy heavens, and has delivered him with the power of his right hand.
that no man may see you fasting, but that the Father may see you. So the Father who watches silently will reward you.
Yahweh is near to those who fear him, And will show them his covenant.
So he preached peace to all, and reconciled you to the Gentiles who were far from God, and to the Jews who were near to God.
If your heart be merciful to the hungry, And gives rest to the afflicted, Then your light will shine in the darkness, And your darkness will be as the day.
If a prophet dreams, he shall dream his dream. He who receives my word shall declare my word in truth. Why do flint and barley fail? says Yahweh.
Jehu said, Bring him down; and they brought him down; and his blood was on the wall and on the horse, and he treaded with his feet.
The king said to him, Go in peace. Absalom arose, and went with Hebron.
Don't rejoice in me, my enemies. Though I fall, I will rise again. I sit in darkness, Yahweh is my light.
The breastplate is a whirlwind; it is joined to one another. Its length is a whirlwind, and its breadth is a whirlwind.
Your throne is built up. You have been from everlasting.
Say to Shemaiah the Nehelamite,
He said to them, Go into the village that is beyond you, and when you enter in, you will find a donkey that hasn't been snared yet, and you will lift it up and bring it there.
Will justice be given to him who hates justice? Will you condemn him who is righteous and mighty?
You shall remember that you were a servant in the land of Egypt, and Yahweh your God brought you forth out of it with a mighty hand, and with a stretched out arm: therefore Yahweh your God commanded you to keep an Sabbath.
Yahweh will deliver you up this day into my hand, and I will strike you, and kill your head; and this day I will take the body of the army of the Philistines, and will give it to the birds of the sky, and to the animals of the earth, that all the peoples of the earth may know that there is a God in Israel;
Jonathan said to the young man who carried him, Come, let us go into the camp of the circumcision, lest Yahweh do anything for us; for Yahweh's salvation is the least of all.
For Christ has freed us, that we may be freed. Stand therefore, and don't be slaves to men.
A certain man of the Levites went, and took a woman of the Levites, and she became his wife.
These are those who were numbered of them: Moses, Aaron, and the twelve princes of Israel, according to their families.
For the tent was a parable before, offering both gifts and sacrifices, which can't be made perfect by the heart of the worshipper.
David said to God, Isn't it my commandment to number the people? I have sinned a great evil; but what are these flocks? Yahweh my God, stretch out your hand on me, and on my father's house, and don't strike your people with the pestilence.
We returned to your servant, my father, and told him the words of my lord.
A righteous man abhors the righteous, But he who walks uprightly abhors the wicked.
You shall not defile yourselves with all these things; for all the nations which I have driven out before you shall defile yourselves with all these things.
When the ox is with you, don't leave his mouth alone.
Thus, Yahweh, is your enemy who reproaches you, Who reproaches your anointed continually.
Don't you know that from ancient times there are men in the world?
Behold, this city is near, and I may flee there; but this city is also young: let me therefore flee there, and preserve my life: isn't this a young city?
For whatever we ask of God, we will receive, because we have done that which is pleasing in his sight.
The harvest comes, and the innards are twins.
Go against Midian, and avenge the children of Israel; and you shall die therein.
They ate all the food of the Spirit, and they drank all the water of the Spirit.
Come, you young men, your widows, and your widows.
Therefore I will again do marvels to this people; marvels and marvels: the wisdom of the wise will be destroyed, and the understanding of the wise will be covered.
If a man doesn't respect his neighbor, and doesn't respect his own house, he is more perverse in faith than he who doesn't believe.
When the multitudes saw that he was walking, and that he glorified God,
Immediately, when he saw it, he followed him, and glorified God. When the multitudes saw it, they glorified God.
That you may know the truth without adversity, That you may bless those who send you with the truth.
If they turn to you in the land of their captivity, in the land of their enemies who captivity, with all their heart and with all their soul, and turn to their land, the land which you gave to their fathers, and the city which you have chosen, and the house which I have built for your name, when I pray to you;
It happened, when the princes of the people, and all the tribes of Israel, were gathered together, that he reigned in Eshron.
I am old and beautiful, daughters of Jerusalem, As the tents of Kedar, As the veil of Solomon.
He is oppressed and in affliction, yet he doesn't open his mouth. He is carried away as a lamb to the slaughter, and as a lamb that doesn't raise its voice before those who keep the gate, so he doesn't open his mouth.
For though you are a people of God, don't speak in the midst of you of sexual immorality, or of covetousness, or of covetousness.
You are a father's son, and your son loathes you. Will you give him stones?
David said to Saul, Who am I, and what do I have? and what is the house of my father in Israel, that I should be king's son-in-law?
He shall build the house of Yahweh; and he shall be glorified, and shall sit on his throne, and shall rule; and he shall be priest in his throne; and there shall be counsel of peace between them.
But I will go up after you into Galilee.
For his God teaches and instructs him according to the law.
and for the blood of those who didn't sin, because he filled Jerusalem with the blood of those who didn't sin, which Yahweh would not forgive.
You bring the widow to nothing. The fatherless are broken in pieces.
I will release the remnant of my inheritance, and will deliver them into the hand of their enemies; and they shall become the great ones whom all their enemies have taken away;
Joab went to the king, and said, What have you done? Behold, Abner came to you: why have you sent him away? Now he has departed.
The priest shall sprinkle the blood with a spade before Yahweh from the veil of the sanctuary seven times.
Brothers, we have a division with you for a while, a division of the body: our heart is not far from you, but we are eager to see you.
None of those who sat at the table knew that he had said these things to him.
If he doesn't receive from the one his share of the inheritance, then he shall be free from the inheritance, and shall not be redeemed with money.
But you came to Mount Zion, the city of the living God, to Jerusalem in the sky, and there were thousand and thousands of angels.
and you shall take a great army, and ride on horses, and ride on chariots, according to the army which you have lost; and we shall fight with them in the plain, and we shall be encamped: and the king listened to them, and did so.
Now therefore forgive me my sin, and return with me, that I may worship Yahweh.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: The dead that you have laid in this city are flesh, and this city is a tower; but you shall be driven out of the midst of it.
The man, the Lord of the land, said to us, If it please me that I may know that you are honest, let one of your brothers be with me, that you may return with grain, and save the famine of your house.
I, Paul, greet you in my own house.
I will turn your feasts into mourning, and your ephod into groaning; and I will make all the people to gird themselves with sackcloth, and have no hairy hair on their heads; and I will make them mourn like a dead child, and to the end like a day of affliction.
For you are the glory of their strength. Our horns are lifted up because of you.
Then came Isaiah the prophet to king Hezekiah, and said to him, What say these men? Where have they come to you? Hezekiah answered, From a far country, even from Babylon, have they come to me.
Therefore he who disobeys this teaching disobeys no man, but the God of your Spirit who disobeys.
My soul is turned away from me. The days of trouble hold me back.
I saw the ram that was next to him, and was angry toward him, and took the ram, and broke the horns of it; and the ram had no strength to stand before him: and he laid the ram on the ground, and trod on it; and there was none who could deliver the ram out of his hand.
He said, The Jews have spoken a good word, and have sought to inquire of him again. Please bring Paul to the assembly tomorrow.
His sons went up every man to his brother's house to eat and to drink, according to their days; and he sent to meet their three sisters, and to eat and to drink with them.
You shall grind it with stone, and not with honey: you shall take away your robe, and take off your turban, and remove your soles, and carry it over the brook.
Most assuredly I tell you, when you are young, you shall be bound to the place where you want to go; but when you are old, you shall stretch out your hand, and they shall bound you to the place where you don't want to go.
and all the cities of gold that Barak had, and all the cities of Solomon, and the cities of chariots, and the cities of horsemen, and all that Solomon had built for his pleasure in Jerusalem, and in Lebanon, and in all the land of his rule.
The men of Jerusalem and the men of Judah were carried away captive to Babylon; and Jeremiah also was carried away captive by the captain of the guard, and bound with iron; and they let him go from Ramah; and the word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah.
Hold your peace, daughter of Chaldea, and enter into the darkness; for you shall no more be called the daughter of the nations.
God said, I will judge the kingdom that is given to them for bondservants. Then I will cause them to come out, and worship in this place.'
The king's wrath is like a lion's wailing. His grace is like the iniquity of a grasshopper.
He asked them when their sons had grown up. They said to him, One hour and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a
Now, what will we say, when he speaks to us? Who will be against us, if he speaks to us?
Cursed be he who receives a bribe, and commits iniquity. All the people shall say, Amen.
You shall not make a pillar for yourself; for Yahweh your God hates it.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: In the day that he goes down to Sheol I make a mourning; and I cover the depths, and bind the rivers, and cause the waters to cease; and I make Lebanon a desolation for him; and all the trees of the field are gone down because of him.
The wings of the cherubim were twenty cubits; and the wings of the one cherub were five cubits; and the wings of the other cherub were five cubits; and the wings of the other cherub were five cubits.
All the Egyptians shall know that I am Yahweh; for they have been a snare for the house of Israel, an unprofitable rod.
and there was on the top of it all the bread that Pharaoh had eaten, and birds that were in the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the midst of the
But I tell you, whoever has a wicked heart, and sees a woman, he has committed adultery with her in his heart.
Those who believe are able to enter into the rest of his gift. As he said, I swore in my wrath, They can't enter into my rest. But the work of God is finished in creation.
He killed the ram, and Moses sprinkled the blood on the altar round about.
Jacob said to Laban, The days are fulfilled. Give me my wife, that I may lodge with her.
Now all the engraved images of the sanctuary have been broken to them with axes and arrows.
So you will be sure that he will not give gold to his father, or to his mother.
The sons of Hasper built the Sheol; and they made its crown, and set up its doors, and its sockets, and its bars.
Then said the people of the city to Elisha, See now if this city is good, as my lord has seen; but sin is evil, so that there is no yield in the land.
Yahweh is living. Let my rock be blessed. Yahweh be exalted, the rock of my salvation.
and in Ziklag, and in Meganah, and in the villages of it;
Arise, go to Nineveh, the great city; lift up your voice, and warn them; for their sin comes before me.
He said to the man, Arise, go, and let your faith make you well.
So that Satan wouldn't rule over us, for we are well-pleasing in Satan's throne.
They were clothed, and put on their garments, and their robes, and their coats, and their rest of their clothing, and they were cast into the burning fiery furnace.
So the kingdom of Jehoshaphat was quiet, because his God gave him round about peace.
My sister, my love, I have entered into my garden. I have taken my sachets and my spices. I have eaten my wine and my honey. I have drunk my wine and my milk. I have drunk my wine and my milk. My friends, eat and drink.
There was a sapphire in the midst of the rock, and there was gold in it.
Wash yourselves, and put away your wickedness from before my eyes, And make your work evil.
Therefore the Jews argued among themselves, saying, Why does this man give us his flesh to eat?
All the branches and the flowers were of one piece with it, of pure gold, made according to the pattern of the stroke.
Brothers, yes, we say it, but we know that you are better than we say it, and you will be saved.
He who has a parable is a devil. He who has a parable is a angel, and he who has a parable.
None of the families of Melchizedek knew what his father-in-law was, nor what his mother's name was, except as it is written in the book of the stories of death. As he is a priest, so he is with the Son of God.
You shall make a lampstand of pure gold, and the base of the lampstand, and the pillars of it, and the cups of it, and the pins of it, and the flowers of it, of beaten work.
You shall not have in your bed two beds, one great, and one small.
The captain of the ship came to him, and said to him, Why are you such a good sleeper? Arise, call on your God, that he may see us, that we may not perish.
Peter went out after the angel. He didn't know that the angel was doing the truth, but he saw visions.
Take the shield of greatness, and help me.
But the ten went to Galilee, to the mountain where Jesus had set them.
He brings forth waters out of the rock, And causes them to come down as rivers.
and he made his house to walk one by one, and took Achan the son of Calmi, the son of Zabdi, the son of Zerah, of the tribe of Judah.
When the Pharisees saw it, they said to him, Behold, your disciples do nothing on the Sabbath day.
Neither did he listen to the unrighteous speech of the Jews, nor to the reproach of the truth.
Yahweh said to Moses, Go in to Pharaoh; for I have made his heart and the heart of his servants strong, that I may show my signs among them;
You shall overlay it with pure gold round about. You shall make a golden grating round about.
Let each man live according to the gift of the Lord, according to the commandment of God, according to his own self-control. This is the teaching of the assembly that I teach.
if the husband hears it, and doesn't hold his peace, then all the vows which he vows shall be fulfilled, and his covenant which he made with himself shall be fulfilled.
Jacob said, Let the sheep drink water while the sun is still on, and let them eat grass while the sun is still on.
They will do these things, because they don't know the Father, nor I.
Say, You are my sister. Peace be to me for you. My life also shall live from you.
When I heard these words, I sat down, and wept a few days, and fasted before Yahweh in heaven, and prayed, saying,
Therefore set your face toward Jerusalem, which is under siege, and lift up your hands toward it, and prophesy against it.
Peter therefore said to him, What do we get, seeing we have forsaken all things to follow you?
It happened on the next day, on the next day after the Sabbath, that the chief priests and the Pharisees came together to Pilate,
They are the children of fools, The children of the deceitful. They are beaten down, and cast out of the land.
It happened, while he was still speaking, that Judas, who was among the twelve, came, and brought with them swords and axes, from the chief priests, scribes, and elders.
Others were slain with stones, and with rods, and with the sword; and some with rams' skins, and with goats' skins, and with sackcloth, and with poverty, and with trouble, and with violence;
When you have passed over the Jordan, stand on Mount Ebal, and take the stones, which I command you this day, and burn them with blood.
You shall be hidden from the adversary of your tongue. When the plague comes, you shall not be afraid.
The army, which Amaziah sent, didn't allow them to go with him to the war: and they struck the cities of Judah, from Samaria even to Beth Horon, and killed three thousand men, and took spoil.
But if we live in the light, as God lives in the light, then we will be justified, and the blood of his Son Jesus will be poured out on us.
Don't they know that they are disappointed in their abominations? No, they are not disappointed, neither are their faces blemished: therefore they shall fall among those who stumble; and when I visit them, they shall stumble, says Yahweh.
I said to the king, If the king is pleased, and if your servant finds favor in your sight, please send me to Judah, to the city which my fathers have set up in the cloud, and I will go there again.
The Pharisees and the scribes murmured, saying, This man receives the sinners, and eats with them.
Hear this word, you elders. Listen, you inhabitants of the land. Have you done this thing in your days, or in the days of your fathers?
So all the work of the gathering of the tent of meeting was finished; as Yahweh commanded Moses, so did the children of Israel.
But if any man enters into any city, and doesn't receive you, then you shall go out to their great street, and say,
When he was hungry in the house of Mattai, many tax collectors and sinners came to sit with his disciples.
Loving kindness and truth burn on the earth. Righteousness and peace burn on the earth.
Your servant has struck the lion and the hare, and this uncircumcised Philistine shall be like one of them; for he has defied the army of Yahweh, who lives forever.
When I afflict Israel, the iniquity of Ephraim and the sins of Samaria were revealed; for they did so in vain: in them came in robbers, and in them was a snare.
Joseph gave them his food before him, but Benjamin received five times more than any man. They drank and were glad with Joseph.
He shall offer the offering of Yahweh: if he offers a bird for a burnt offering, he shall offer a pig, or a young pigeon for a offering.
If I lift up my head, You will chase me like a lion, And show your wonders to me.
You shall be swollen in the daytime, as the blind see, and shall not touch; and your way shall not prosper; it shall be oppressed and taken away continually, and no one shall save you.
Therefore I tell you, all sins, and all blasphemies, shall be forgiven you; but whoever profanes the Holy Spirit shall not be forgiven.
Woe to him who counsels his Lord! For he is one of the few in the midst of the earth! Can the dust say to the dust, What do you do? Or what do you do, Is he without hand?
Then Elisha ran from the oxen, and came to Elijah after him, and said, Please let me first kiss my father, and then I will come after you. He said to him, Go, and what have I done to you?
This is a lamentation, and men shall lament it, and the daughters of the nations shall lament it; and they shall lament it for Egypt and for its people, says the Lord Yahweh.
Manasseh's border went from Asher to Beth Betha, that is before Shechem; and the border went toward the right hand, to the inhabitants of Enthapoth.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Mordecai wrote these things, and wrote to all the Jews who were round about the king Ahasuerus,
I will also lay the dead bodies of the children of Israel before their idols, and will cast your bones round about your altars.
He who is upright in the earth shall die, and he who is unrighteous among men; and they shall be buried to kill, and they shall be slain by their brothers.
I have opened the springs of waters for myself, And have sown the fruit of the trees.
Therefore I will cut off the flesh of all the people, and of all the kingdoms, and of all the sluggards, who speak against Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego; and their houses shall become a desolation, because no god shall save them like this.
Therefore I will return my grain to them in the day of harvest, and my new wine in the day of wine making; and I will give it to them to bring back my sheep's hair and my mules.
I have not hidden my eye from the desire of my eyes. I have not restricted my heart from the joy of it. For my soul rejoices in the labor of my hands. This is my portion from all my labor.
Saul came to Amalek, and hid himself in the valley.
All the children of Israel shall be justified by Yahweh, and shall boast.
Therefore hear you the word of the Lord Yahweh, mountain of Israel: Thus says the Lord Yahweh, from the mountains, and from the cliffs, and from the wells, and from the valleys, and from the desolate cities, and from the forsaken cities, that the remnant of the Gentiles may be cut off round about them.
His brothers came and fell on their faces, and said, We are your servants.
Paul called to the captain of the guard, and said, Take this young man, and bring him to the captain of the guard, for he has something to tell him.
They cried out from the mountains and from the hills, and said, Come down and hide us, that we may escape the wrath of him who sits on the throne, and of the Lamb.
Behold, you are no more, and your doings are nothing; but that which is best for you is abominable.
Make you therefore a ruler, not for the wrath of God, but for the patience of your hearts.
For the judgment of his people he will call for heaven and earth.
The bull of the sin offering, and the goat of the sin offering, whose blood has come into the sin offering into the sanctuary, their flesh shall go out of the camp, and they shall burn their skin, and their flesh, and their dung with fire.
For we know by this that Christ died for us in love, and that we should also die for our brothers and for our sisters.
He brought out the priests out of the cities of Judah, and defiled the high places of the burnt offering, from Geba even to Beersheba; and he broke down the high places of the gates, which were before Joshua the ruler of the city, on the right side of the gate.
The man of God sent to the king of Israel, saying, Be careful that you don't pass through the land of your wife; for there the Syrians are come down.
For they offered freely, and all the people rejoiced; for they gave freely to Yahweh; and the king David greatly rejoiced all the days of his life.
Your kingdom is come. Your will is great. Your earth is like heaven.
He opened the door to the north; and he measured the length of it.
Therefore all his evil will come in one day: death, mourning, and famine; and he will be consumed with fire; for God his Lord will be mighty in judgment.
Ahaziah was in Samaria, and Jehu was with him; and they took him, and brought him to Jehu; and they killed him, and buried him: for they said, He is the son of Jehoshaphat, who sought Yahweh with all his heart. So the house of Ahaziah had no power to keep the kingdom.
To recompense the nations, To punish the nations.
I have heard you in my ears. My eyes have seen you.
If my heart causes a woman to go astray, Or if I hide myself at the door of my neighbor's house,
So is the rock, and so is the sand. The wrath of the fool is greater than these.
As a donkey roars in the forest, As a roe on a thorn tree.
Fear of Yahweh is a root of knowledge, But fools despise wisdom and instruction.
You will have a battle with God, and your heart will fight against him, and you will do evil.
The rest took his servants, and blasphemed them, and killed them.
The army of the guard was like a fattened calf, who turned back, and fled together, and couldn't stand: for the day of their calamity was come, when they were punished.
That the servants of God may have a good inheritance, that they may serve in all good works.
I will affix Rabhak and Babylon to my people; and behold, the Philistines, and Tyre and Ethiopia are in Zion.
Jesus answered them, Be careful that no one deceives you.
For he who called you is a faithful God, who will surely establish you in this way.
Then there was a certain Zoroah of the Danites, whose name was Manoah: his wife was barren and unmarried.
How is Christ reconciled with the devil? What is the fruit of faith over those who don't believe?
He said to me, The chambers that are on the north and on the south are holy chambers, which are before the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the gate of the
The birds of prey are in the way of the sky, The serpents in the way of the rock, The sand in the way of the sea, The south wind is against you.
Yahweh was angry with the children of Israel, and delivered them into the hand of those who cut them off; and they cut them off; and he didn't give them into the hand of the enemy round about, so that they didn't stand before the enemy any more.
This shall say, I am Yahweh's; and this shall call himself Jacob's, and this shall be like it: Yahweh's, and this shall call himself Israel's.
Why do you tremble, my soul? Why do you tremble in my midst? Look to Yahweh, for I still praise him. He is the glory of my face, my God.
For you have heard that he gave me this gift for your sake.
But as Peter stood outside at the door, one of the high priest's disciples, who was a disciple of him, went out to speak to the woman who was at the door, and brought him in.
The water that remains is sweet, But the bread that is stolen is sweet.
I didn't know him, but I came to baptize in water, that the children of Israel might know him.
You have established your people Israel for yourself forever. You, Yahweh, are their God.
Beloved, love your wives, as Christ loves the assembly, and exalt yourself for the assembly.
By the border of Asher, from the east side to the west side, Naphtali, one portion.
Take her as wife, and give her to their sons, that they may serve their gods.
But let God speak, And open his mouth to you.
The priest shall take some of the blood of the sin offering with his finger, and put it on the horns of the altar of burnt offering, and pour out the blood on the feet of the altar of burnt offering.
They cry, but no one saves them. They cry to Yahweh, but he doesn't answer.
These are the men whom Yahweh commanded to give the inheritance to Israel in the land of Canaan.
and he listened to the nations which Yahweh drove out before Israel, and to the statutes of the kings of Israel.
They shall make a ark of acacia wood. Its length shall be two and a half cubits, and its breadth a cubit and a half, and its height a cubit and a half.
Shall I speak? I have no time to inquire concerning Gideon, or concerning Baalath, or concerning Samson, or concerning Jephthah, or concerning David, or concerning Samuel, or concerning all the prophets.
He said to them, Why do men say that the Christ is the seed of David?
The length of all the curtains shall be twenty-eight cubits, and the breadth four cubits: the curtains shall be of equal length.
Hear the word, and you will be wise. Don't disobey my word.
and he himself bears our iniquities in the cross, that we may escape from death, and live in righteousness; and you have received healing from his wounds.
So you also, when you do a great service, say, We are a servant of no service, and we have worked hard to make a living.'
Now these have taken me as their inscription, and as their signet.
Speak to the congregation, and tell them, You shall depart from the tents of Korah, Dathan, and Abiram round about.
But of the firstborn among the animals, whether it be ox or sheep, if he has become the firstborn of Yahweh, let him not sanctify him any more; for he is Yahweh's.
Before they were consumed, their foundations were taken away by the flood.
Now the word of my lord concerning wheat, and concerning barley, and concerning oil, and concerning wine, let faith be given to the servants.
He said to them, Who are you? Do you say that I am? Peter answered, You are the Christ.
I am Paul, called by the will of God, and apostle of Jesus Christ. I, and my brothers, Simon and Susanne,
and shall be no more defiled any more by idols, or by abominations, or by all iniquity: I will deliver them out of all their habitations, from where they have sinned; I will cleanse them; so shall they be my people; I will be their God.
But you despise the poor. Aren't they those who oppress you and carry you away captive?
My people, clothe yourselves with sackcloth, and put it in the midst of the fire; and be mourned, as the firstborn, and weep with a weeping heart; for the slain shall come suddenly into the midst of us.
Jesus said that Lazarus was dead, but they believed that he was indeed asleep.
There were altars in the house of Yahweh, which Yahweh had made, saying, I will set my name in Jerusalem.
He shall cleanse the house with the blood of the bird, and with the water of the bird, and with the cedar wood, and with the hyssop, and with the ink.
Don't envy the wicked, Neither be envious of them.
When his lord heard the words of his wife which she had spoken to him, Your servant has dealt with me like this. He was angry.
Hannah said, May your handmaid find favor in your sight. She went home, and ate and drink, and didn't rejoice any more.
Hear, my son, and be wise, and lead your heart in a straight way.
It pleased the king and all his princes, and the king did according to the word of Memucan.
He set stones against David, and against the servants of king David: and all the people and the mighty men were in the king's place.
They clap like a chariot on the mountain, And shout like a burning bush, Like a people in a battle.
For he has multiplied rebellion in his sins. He has struck the hands in our midst, And has poured out many words against God.
I will make you desolate forever, and you shall have no man in your cities; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Rise up early in the morning, and lie in wait; and eat the bread of your labors, and do nothing: and Yahweh will give rest to those whom Yahweh loves.
One of the scribes came to test him, saying,
It happened at the time of the evening offering, that Elijah the prophet came near, and said, Yahweh, the God of Israel, Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, let men know this day that you are God in Israel, and that I am your servant, and have done all these things according to your word.
Samuel said to Jesse, Are all your sons here? He answered, There is still a son who is yet alive, and he is feeding. Samuel said to Jesse, Send for him; for he is yet alive, and we will not sit down.
When I was a child, I spoke like a child, and was baptized like a child, and was taught like a child. But now I am a great man, and have forsaken the child.
David said to the Gibeonites, What shall I do for you? and with what shall I subdue you, that you may bless the inheritance of Yahweh?
When the scribes of the city had given rest to all the people, they said, Who doesn't know, Ephraim, that the city of Ephraim is come down out of the house of Ademi, and out of the sky, the lion of the holy stone?
Then I told this thing to the people in the morning, saying, My wife dies in the evening. In the morning I walked according to the commandment.
He opened the bow, and made me a scepter.
Who in his heart says, This man is he who forgives sin?'
You hide your face, and they fear. You gather their breath, and they die in the dust.
and that they should be light in the skies of heavens, and shine on the earth; and so they did.
He commanded our fathers with a bribe, and he dealt treacherously with our people, and commanded them to put their little ones outside, that they might die.
Keep your servant in good standing. Don't let the proud oppress me.
When he had made an end of speaking with the people, he set up those who sang to Yahweh, and put on holy and beautiful garments, and went before the army to praise Yahweh, saying, Give thanks to Yahweh; for his loving kindness endures forever.
My father made your yoke heavy, and I will add to your yoke. My father chastised you with whips, and I will chastise you with scorpions.'
When they fled from Beth Horon before the children of Israel, Yahweh struck them with a great hail from the sky, until he had made an end of killing them at Asherah, more than the slain who were slain by the sword.
But the princes of Babylon sent messengers to him to inquire of all the wonders of the land; and God departed from him in this matter, to test him, that he might know all that was in him.
When he saw that he was dead, he gave him Joseph's body.
The good man brings forth good from his recompense, But the wicked from his recompense, from his wickedness.
Though we rebelled against the Lord our God, But our mercy was with him,
The heavens that are on your head shall become brass, And the land before your feet shall become iron.
Now God has raised up our Lord Jesus, and made an everlasting covenant through the blood of Jesus, that he might become a shepherd of the flock.
Therefore if anyone tells you, Behold, the Christ is in the wilderness,' don't go out; or, Behold, the Christ is in the chambers,' don't believe.
I write these things to you, that they may deceive you.
Don't be afraid of your affliction, for, behold, the devil will put some of you in prison, and afflict you, and you will be afflicted ten days: but until you die, I will give you the crown of your life.
that his eyes may see that he is destroyed, and that he himself drinks of the wrath of the Almighty.
Your memory of Zimri is like a fire. Your camp is a heap of dust.
Moreover I will cause those who oppress you to eat their flesh, and they shall drink their blood to the waters, as it is true: and all who are uncovered shall know that I am Yahweh your Savior, and your Redeemer, and the Mighty One of Jacob.
They said in their heart, Let's destroy it all. They burnt up the synagogues of God in the earth.
His flesh is finer than the flesh of a child. He will return to the days of his youth.
They shall not see the land which I swore to their fathers: all those who despise me shall not see it.
Their houses will be full of robbers. They will be full of robbers. Therefore they will be great and rich.
David and all Israel sang before Yahweh with all their might, with harps, with psalteries, with psalteries, with cymbals, with psalteries, and with psalteries.
They told these things to Mary Magdalene, and to John, and to Mary the mother of James, and to the rest of the women who were with them.
Sing praises, Israel! Call for help! Let the inhabitants of Jerusalem rejoice with all their heart.
Some of his disciples said to him, What means these words, that he says to us, You can't see me if you don't see me, but you can see me if you don't see me?' and, Because I am going to my Father?'
and you shall not go out now on the Sabbath from your house; neither shall you do any work; but you shall make the Sabbath a holy day, as I commanded your fathers in the days of old.
and they came to the priests who bore the ark of the covenant of the Lord Yahweh, who stood by the waters of the Jordan; and the waters of the Jordan, which came down from above, were broken, and stood up as a wall of waters.
He took all his livestock, and all his wares, and all his wares, which he found in Paddan Aram: and he went into the land of Canaan, and went to his father Isaac.
Jesus said to them, How then did David, when he was given into the Holy Spirit, call Christ Lord, saying,
For Sheol can't give thanks, Nor will she die to praise you. He who lies in the clouds can't hope for your truth.
Let's therefore do good to all, and let's also be wiser to those who are of a great faith, to those who are of a great family.
In the morning you shall plant your seed, and in the evening you shall not rest your hand; for you don't know which of these is good, which of these is bad, or which of the two is good.
Then the fire was burning on the mountain, and you heard the voice of the voice out of the darkness: and all the princes of your tribes, and all the elders, came to me.
All the sailors shall pass through; and if any man sees a man's bones, he shall set up a memorial there, until he is buried in the valley of Hamon Gog.
You shall command the richest of the gold, that they not be proud, nor that their hope be put into a treasury that is not fixed, but that they trust in the God of our salvation.
We have been blasphemed, yet we have answered graciously. Now we are called the snares of the world, the snares of all things.
He is hungry, and wants to take the sack of bread, and eat it; and no one will give him food to eat.
Solomon made all the vessels of the house of Yahweh, the golden altar, and the table for the presentation of cakes, of gold.
He set bread on it before Yahweh, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
He shall be destroyed, as a man destroys a potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's
and four hins for a meal offering; both for burnt offering, and for sacrifice, to Yahweh.
You shall put a linen cloth of blue on the turban, which is before the turban.
It happened, when Sennacherib king of Assyria and all his army were come against Lachish, that he sent his servants to Hezekiah king of Judah, and to all the Jews who were in Jerusalem, saying,
I also am as one who doesn't hear, And has no answer in his mouth.
Paul, a servant of God, and apostle of Jesus Christ, appointed to help the faith of the saints of God, and to bring them to know the truth of our faith.
The altar was broken, and the ashes of the altar were poured out, according as the man of God listened to the voice of the word of Yahweh.
Now therefore I am not worthy to be your son. Make my service to you good.'
Behold, I come against the prophets who have sinned against his companions, says Yahweh.
When you see it from the south, you say, It will be hot,' and it is hot.
Joab the son of Zeruiah began to number him; but the wrath of Yahweh was kindled against Israel in this matter: therefore he was not numbered until now; and his number was not numbered among the kings of David.
My brothers, I thought to write to you in this day's letter, that we might all be saved, but I wrote to you in this day's letter, that you should preach the faith of the saints once for all for God's sake.
Most assuredly these words are true. I desire that you will set forth these things, that the man who believes in God may do them with all your heart and with all your soul. These things are good, and they are profitable for all.
I swear by myself, because you have done this thing, says Yahweh, and have not left your son, the son of your offspring:
Pray for us, and pray to God, that we may preach the word, and proclaim the word of Christ. I am in prison for this.
Yahweh said to Moses, Put Aaron's rod before the ark of the testimony, and leave it, and make it a border for the rebels; and you shall cause them to cease from my murmurings, that they not perish.
He begged him, saying, My young lady is about to die: please lay your hand on her, that she may be healed, and rise again.
Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, the three men, were bound, and went down into the midst of a burning fiery furnace.
He offered the burnt offerings to Yahweh on the Sabbaths, and on the new moons, and on the feasts, according to the number of the names, and according to the order, continually before Yahweh.
They run like a mighty man, They walk in a city like a mighty man, They walk every man according to his ways.
For, as I saw, if a man is poor, and doesn't show his cause, he is not worthy of you.
It happened, while they were still talking with him, that the king's guard came, and called Haman to the banquet that Esther had prepared.
Absalom fled to Geshur, and lived there three years.
Say you, Thus says the Lord Yahweh: This city shall shed blood in it, and shall bring on it the days of its days; and it shall be defiled with idols, and shall destroy it.
So Aaron shall enter into the sanctuary: one bull for a sin offering, and one ram for a burnt offering.
Let the iniquities be continually before Yahweh, That he may destroy their name from off the face of the earth.
Joseph answered Pharaoh, This is not mine. Yahweh has shown Pharaoh peace.
We know that the Son of God is come, and that he has raised us up to know the true God. We are one God with the true God, for we are one God with his Son Jesus Christ. This is a true God, and eternal life.
Absalom said, Why hasn't Herod made me judge in this place? For I will judge righteously, everyone who comes to me with a cause to be judged.
It happened on the seventh day, when the sun shone, that they rose up early in the morning, and numbered the cities according to this manner seven times: but the same day they numbered the cities seven times.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: Examine your ways.
There shall come ships out of Kittim, and they shall afflict Assyria, and they shall afflict Eber; and he shall perish forever.
The priest shall take a small portion of the fat that is in the reed, and lay it in his own hand.
Then came the heads of fathers' houses of the sons of Joseph, of the sons of Manasseh, and of the sons of Gilead, of the sons of Machir the son of Manasseh, before Moses and before the princes of the fathers' houses of the children of Israel, saying,
Therefore let's not hold fast to the precepts of Christ, but let's set ourselves in order to the fullness of the Spirit, that we may believe in God no more through the works of death;
If I were to number, it would be more than the sand of the seas. When I lay down, I would be with you.
This is the God of the house of Israel, who chose our fathers, and made them a great people in the time that they lived in Egypt, and brought them out of Egypt with a mighty hand;
There was written in his nostrils and in his knees a name: The King, the Lord of lords.
Pharaoh called to Moses and Aaron, and said, Go, sacrifice to your God in this land.
The law is a commandment to your servant. It is a great commandment.
When they had returned, the angel of the Lord commanded Joseph, saying, Arise, take the child with his mother, and flee to Egypt, and come to me, and I will tell you; for Herod is seeking the child to kill him.
If I say to the devil, You are my father,' Or to the creeping things, You are my mother, my sister,'
The waters of the sea shall be cut off, And the rivers shall be dried up.
In that day they will sing this song in the land of Judah, saying, We have a strong city, and he will make it a wall of salvation, and a fortified city.
You, Babylon, I have made a snare for you, and you have caused it to stumble, and you have not known it: you have caused it to stumble, because you are against Yahweh.
Isn't it a stumbling block for you to suffer these things? It is a stumbling block.
She said, All that you have commanded me, so will I do.
Ahimaaz cried to the king, Peace be upon you! He fell on his face to the ground before the king, and worshiped, and said, Blessed be Yahweh your God, who has delivered to you those who went up against my lord the king.
Those of us who have power, let them now rule over the weak. Don't ask for your own gain.
The gates of the city shall be according to the names of the tribes of Israel: and on the north side three gates: the gate of Reuben one, the gate of Judah one, and the gate of Reuben one.
Jehoiakim was twenty-five years old when he began to reign; and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: and his mother's name was Zebedee the daughter of Petaiah of Ramah.
They will burst into pieces, but they won't burst into pieces, because the former was different from the latter. Then I woke up.
On the fifth day Shummim the son of Zerusidei, prince of the children of Simeon
Jehu said, Go with me, and see my zeal for Yahweh. He set him on his chariot.
He took up his parable, and said, Balaam the son of Beor says, He who has his eyes open says,
Every man and animal that is in all the land of Egypt, both man and animal, is struck with a stone, and all the grass of the field is struck with a stone, and all the trees of the field are broken.
The captain of the guard delivered them to Joseph, and he waited for them; and they were in the prison a long time.
Your servant dwells among the peoples whom you have chosen. These peoples are so many that they can't be counted.
We have seen our signs no more, neither have we seen prophets any more. No one among us knows when it will happen.
They said, A certain Egyptian saved us out of the hand of those who feed the sheep, and poured out for us water for the sheep.
Now I will arise, and will walk in the city, and in the streets, and in the broad places; and I will seek the desire of my soul; and I will seek him, but I will not find him.
The glory of Yahweh is like a fire burning on a mountain, and the eyes of Israel are on it.
Many peoples and great nations shall come to Yahweh of Armies, to Yahweh's favor, at Jerusalem.
When Gideon heard the words of this dream, and his sayings, he worshiped Yahweh, and returned to the camp of Israel, and said, Arise; for Yahweh has delivered into your hand the army of Midian.
The men turned from there, and turned to Sodom. Abraham stood before Yahweh.
The Philistines were subdued from that time forward, and could not enter again into the land of Israel: and the hand of Yahweh was against the Philistines all the days of Samuel.
Shall Achan, the son of Zerah, not sin in the thing which he offers, and anger come on all the congregation of the children of Israel? not one of them die in his sin which he has sinned.
Hear, my people, and I will testify against you. Listen to me, Israel.
Jacob will strengthen his roots. Israel will blossom, and their fruit will fill the world.
It happened in the middle of the night, that Elijah muttered with them, and said, Sing with a loud voice; for he is a god, and he has been silent in his thoughts, or in his hiding place, or in his way, or in his sleep.
I said to the proud, Don't be proud. To the wicked, Don't be proud.
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance.
David said to Abigail, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, for he has sent you this day to meet me.
When he had driven them out, he entered into the chamber of the young lady, and took hold of her hand. The young lady arose.
The threshing floor and the winepress will not feed them. The hope of new wine is vanity.
When you blow, the sea covers them. They are as a camp in the midst of the waters.
Therefore, when you sacrifice, don't be like the hypocrites who blow trumpets in synagogues and in the streets, to be commended by men: most assuredly I tell you, they have received their reward.
This is the assurance which we have of God through Christ.
You shall make an altar of acacia wood: its length shall be five cubits, and its breadth five cubits; it shall be four corners, and its height shall be three cubits.
Shaphan the scribe said to the king, Hilkiah the priest has given me a book. Shaphan read it before the king.
For I know that your faith endures hardship.
The appearance of the chariots and their works is like the appearance of a liar; and the appearance of the four wheels is like the appearance of a wheel, and their appearance and their works are like the appearance of a chariot among the wheels.
that the God of strength and comfort may be with all your heart and with all your soul, that you may learn the mystery of Christ Jesus;
They shall not go up to the house of Yahweh, neither shall their sacrifices please him: they shall eat as the food of the dead, and every meal shall be polluted; for their food shall be for their own use, and they shall not enter into the house of Yahweh.
The land of Tappah was Manasseh; but the land of Tappah in the border of Manasseh was the children of Ephraim.
But there was a need, and no one could take it away, because she had found it good.
A foe shall not prevail against him. The wicked shall not afflict him.
Remember that the Lord will reward you, that you may inherit from him. You serve the Lord Jesus Christ.
They turned and went up into the valley, and came into the valley of Eshcol, and looked at the land.
You shall offer a burnt offering of a sweet savor to Yahweh: one bull, one ram, seven male lambs a year old without blemish;
He dwells in a quarry. He dwells in a strong and fortified place.
My heart burns me as fire, Because my enemies don't remember your words.
by offering a sacrifice once to him, that the saints may be perfected forever.
Yahweh said to me, Woe to all the inhabitants of the land from the north country!
The astonishment of those who see it is great.
Their eyes opened, and they perceived that it was Jesus, and immediately he was revealed to them.
The cloud remained in the tent of meeting, two days, or a month, or a year: and the children of Israel encamped there, and didn't go out; but the cloud returned, and they went out.
The king commanded Ashpenaz, the captain of the guard, to bring certain men from among the kings of Israel, and from the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the prince
He doesn't break the cords of wounds. He doesn't break the flames of rebuke. He teaches righteousness in truth.
They went out of Rephidim, and came into the wilderness of Sinai, and encamped in the wilderness; and the children of Israel encamped before the mountain.
Some of the men of Jerusalem said, Isn't this the man whom they hope to kill?
I was slain in the night. I arose in a deep place on the earth. My body didn't hide itself from you.
After he had given thanks, he opened his mouth, and gave them the bread, and said, This is my flesh, which you offer for me. Do this, and remember me.
the donkeys were six hundred and one thousand;
You shall make bread of the first fruits of your harvest, and you shall offer it for a wave offering; and you shall go up as the grain of the threshing floor.
We have been slain for your sake all day long. They see us as a sheep that is to be slain.
Balaam arose early in the morning, and saddled the donkey, and went with the princes of Moab.
He who is little has knowledge, But he who is whole has understanding.
For they themselves are called the people of the holy city, by the God of Israel: Yahweh of Armies is his name.
Moreover his lord said to him, Give you authority over five cities.'
Afraid of the sword, for anger is a punishment of the sword, that you may know judgment.
If you say in your heart, How will we know the word that Yahweh has not spoken?
Take a rod in your hand, and do signs with it.
When we burnt incense in our ear, we served it with bread. When we served it, didn't our husband pay attention?
You lie down, you shall not be afraid. You lie down on your bed, you shall have a good sleep.
I took the princes of Judah, and went up to the wall, and made the divisions of praise and thanks great; and they went up on the wall from the right side to the left of the gate.
For you will be as a dry tree, As a dry field without water.
He prayed humblely, and obeyed until he died; and he died on the cross.
When Jesus saw a young donkey, he jumped on it, and stood. As it is written,
Let the wicked fall into their own devises, When the wicked pursue the afflicted in their pride.
The same will be done to those who are made, that they may be thrown down, and that they may be thrown down, and that they may not be made to fall.
even as you commanded your servants the prophets, saying, The land which you have gone to possess it is an unclean land, for the uncleanness of the peoples of the countries, and for their abominations; for they have filled the land from one end to another with filthiness.
But if you aren't rulers over your children, you are not rulers over your children.
The fugitives have no understanding. They are born as young donkeys.
and he delivered the money to the men who labored, and gave it to the house of Yahweh.
Then you shall cry, and Yahweh will hear you; and you shall beg him, and he will say, I am here: if you take away from among you the yoke of the wall, and the snare of the man, and the snare of the woman;
The men of the city said to Joash, Bring forth your son, that he may die; for he has broken down the altar of Baal, and cut down the Asherim by the altar.
Jacob went out from Beersheba. The children of Israel sat in the chariots of Pharaoh, Jacob their father, and their wives, with their children.
Joseph remembered the dreams which he had dreamed concerning them, and said to them, You are a spy, that you may come and spy out the truth of the land.
Therefore, beloved, stand still, and don't be moved. Do the work of the Lord with all your heart and with all your soul, for you know that the work of the Lord is nothing.
You shall count the men of all the congregation of Israel by their families, by their fathers' houses, by their fathers' houses, by their fathers' houses.
Remember therefore where you fell, repent, and recompense your first love; and if not, I will come to you, and take away your lampstand.
When his acquaintances saw that he prophesied among the prophets, they said one to another, What does the son of Kish mean? Did Saul prophesy among the prophets?
I will praise Yahweh all the days of my life. My mouth will continue to praise him.
If a stranger is among you, or if a man is among you, to offer an offering made by fire of a sweet savor to Yahweh in every generation, so you shall do, and so they shall do.
They said one to another, Come, let's make thorns, and burn them. They have thorns for stone, and a brier for clay.
Yahweh said to Samuel, Listen to them, and make a king over them. Samuel said to the children of Israel, Go up every man to his city.
He shall bring the offering made by fire to Yahweh with his hand, oil and liver, that he may wave the liver and the liver with a wave offering before Yahweh.
He took the flesh, all the fat and beautiful flesh, the first and the last part, and put it in, and filled it with good bones.
neither went up to the mountain to eat bread, nor hoped for the idols of the house of Israel, nor defiled his neighbor's wife;
Therefore I will make Samaria a heap of dust in the field, and a growing place for vines; and I will pour out its stones into the valleys, and I will make its foundation.
The priests, who were over the chambers of the house of our God, Eliashib and Tobiah, before this matter,
Woe to us! Who will deliver us out of the hand of the mighty God! Who struck the Egyptians in every manner of evil in the wilderness, this God!
The Lord sits on the throne of heaven. The Lord will kill them.
Brothers, I want you to know that I don't preach the Good News of men.
Hear you the word of the Lord Yahweh, mountain of Israel: Thus says the Lord Yahweh, mountain of greatness, mountain of lowland, and river, and valley: Behold, I will strike you with the sword, and will destroy your high places.
His parents were amazed, and he commanded them that they should tell no one what had happened.
It happened, when David and Saul had spoken, that Jonathan's life and David's life became one, and Jonathan loved him as his own life.
Therefore I will fill the wrath of Yahweh with indignation, and I will not be able to bear it. Therefore I will be a snare to the children of the streets, and to the young men of the congregation, and to the husbands of the young men, and to their wives, and to the old men, and to those who do well in the day.
This is the portion which the wicked has inherited from God, the inheritance which he has established for him.
I will put my Spirit in you, that you may walk in my statutes, and keep my ordinances, and do them.
Pilate answered, What then shall I do to the king of the Jews, whom you are called?
He shall go forth from man to man, and shall be full of reproach.
Surely this is the testimony of God, who has prophesied through the mouth of all the prophets, that his Christ is worthy to be crucified.
His father-in-law walked after him, and cried with him, until he came to Bahurim. Abner said to him, Return! He returned.
Then said he to me, The sins of the house of Israel and of the house of Judah are exceeding great: and there shall be blood in all the land, and the cities shall be shaken; for they say, Yahweh has departed out of the land, and Yahweh has not seen.
But we believe that we have a God, the Father, and all things are his, and we live for him. We have a Lord, Jesus Christ, and all things are his, and we walk in him.
You shall sanctify the fifty years; and you shall appoint the inhabitants of the land for a proclamation: and the year shall be a season for you; and you shall return every man to his inheritance, and every man to his own family.
My son, if you are a bondservant to your neighbor, And a bondservant to strangers,
The word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah in the days of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah, king of Judah, saying,
He took away from the land the engraved images, All the idols of his fathers,
Gad came near to David, and said to him, Thus says Yahweh, Make yourself known,
A certain leper came to him, and he begged him, saying, If you will, you will be cleansed.
What shall a man do, that he may enter into the house of the mighty, and take his substance? Shouldn't he first bind the mighty?
Then I was there a sluggard, and I rejoiced in him day and night, and I rejoiced before him continually.
The first words of his mouth are foolishness. The last words of his mouth are deceitful.
Pharaoh's daughter said to him, Take this child, and let me put it on, and I will give you your wages. She took the child, and let him go.
My angel will go before you to the land of the Amorites, and of the Hittites, and of the Perizzites, and of the Canaanites, and of the Hivites, and of the Jebusites; and I will cut them off.
Of the children of Judah, their generations, by their families, by their fathers' houses, according to the number of the names, from twenty years old and upward, all who were able to go out to war;
Who can stand in his wrath? Who can endure his wrath? His wrath is like a fire that goes forth, And a rock is broken because of him.
Let us examine and recompense our ways. Let us turn again to Yahweh.
Hear my prayer, Yahweh. Turn your ear to my cry. I have tears in my eyes. Don't cry out. I am a stranger and a foreigner, as my fathers were before you.
There is no Passover like it in Israel from the days of Samuel the prophet; neither are the kings of Israel like Josiah, nor the priests, nor the Levites, nor Judah, nor Israel, nor the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
Greet Ubono, my laboring place, and Stavros, my beloved.
On the four corners of the court were arrows, and on the four corners a wall: and the length of each court was forty cubits, and the breadth thirty; and the breadth of the four corners was the same.
Laban said, It is good that I should do according to your word.
Then Job answered Yahweh,
and they struck their cities, and cast every man his stone, and filled all their good land; and they took all their springs, and cut down every good tree: only the stone of Kir Harasheth was left; and they struck every stone round about.
I came to put a fire on the earth. If the fire is consumed, don't you know that it is good for the tongue?
In that day, and in that hour, I will cause David to put forth a right hand, and he shall walk in justice and righteousness on the earth.
and three thousand talents of gold from Ophir, and seven thousand talents of silver from the merchants, to cover the walls of the houses.
Ebedmelech the Ethiopian, who was under the king's guard, heard that they had sunk Jeremiah in the well (the king was sitting at the door of Benjamin at that time).
Therefore the head of a woman shall be wrapped around her head, for a sign of authority, and for fear of the angels.
This sin offering is holy, and Yahweh has given you it, to bear the iniquity of the congregation, and to make atonement for them before Yahweh. Why don't you eat it in a holy place?
Ephraim was oppressed, judged, and oppressed, because he listened to the commandment with all his heart.
Rachel saw that she didn't bring forth a son to Jacob, and was jealous. She said to Jacob, Give me a son, and if not, I will die.
He arose, ate, and drank; and by the power of his eating he went forty days and forty nights, to the mountain of Yahweh, to the mountain of Horeb.
If I make a vow to the poor, Or cause the eye of the widow to see to the eye;
Don't despise the world or its things. If a man loves the world, he doesn't love the Father.
I will gather all the people together, and will bring them down into the valley of Jehoshaphat, and there will I judge them: for they have divided my people Israel, my inheritance, among the nations, and have divided my land;
Yahweh said to me, You shall see their doings, and shall do exceedingly abominable things.
I know what you know. I am not better than you.
Look at your enemies, Yahweh. Your enemies shall perish. All those who do evil shall be scattered.
Your eyes will not see evil, nor see wickedness. You who commit iniquity, why do you look at them? You who destroy more than he who is righteous, why do you look at yourself?
All its fat shall be taken away, as the fat of a lamb, for a sacrifice of peace offerings. The priest shall burn it on the altar, as the offering made by fire to Yahweh: so shall the priest make atonement for him concerning his sin which he has sinned, and he shall be forgiven.
The child is dead. What will I fast for? Will I bring him again? I will go to him, but he can't come to me.
So I ran, and didn't flee. I stumbled, and didn't stumble.
The king's portion shall be on the feast, on the first day of the month, and on the first day of the month, every Sabbath, and on the appointed feast of the house of Israel; and he shall offer burnt offerings, and meal offerings, and drink offerings; and he shall prepare a sin offering, and meal offering, and a burnt offering, and peace offerings, for the house of Israel.
Now your throne is no more; for Yahweh has found a man of his heart, and Yahweh has appointed him to sit on the throne of his people; because you have not done that which Yahweh commanded you.
Phobia and trembling surround me. Perverseness surrounds me.
While he was yet alive, there was no drought nor rain, neither high nor low, day nor night.
In the twenty-seventh year of Jeroboam king of Israel began Azariah the son of Amaziah king of Judah to reign.
Your dead will live, and my dead will rise. Rise up, you who lie in the dust, and sing; for the iniquity of God is like the iniquity of the grass, and the earth will be brought forth out of the cloud.
David hurried, and stood before the Philistine, and drew out his sword, and struck him with the sword, and killed his head. When all the Philistines saw that their mighty men were dead, they hurried.
Absalom said, If not, let Amnon my brother go with us. The king said, Why should he go with you?
They shall not be joined to him who is the first, but the whole body shall be glorified by him, and the throne and the root shall be established according to the will of God.
The priests who bore the ark of the covenant of Yahweh stood in the dry place by the Jordan; and all Israel passed through the dry place, until all the people had passed over the Jordan.
But Yahweh was angry with me because of you, and didn't listen to me: therefore Yahweh said to me, You have enough; don't rebuke this thing again from me.
The men of Judah made an end of accusing them, and their children, and all who came near to them, to keep these two days for feasts, as it is written, and as it is appointed, year by year, that they might not be cut off.
They gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron, and said, You are mighty, and all the congregation are holy, and Yahweh is among them: why do you triumph over Yahweh's congregation?
David said to him, Don't you be afraid, seeing you have killed the anointed of Yahweh with your hand?
Every meal offering baked in the coals, and every meal offering prepared on the potsherd, and on the pansherd, shall be brought to the priest who offers the meal offering.
Laban said, There is no one who does so here, before he has conceived, before he has conceived, and before he has conceived.
He passed by the gate of Ephraim, the gate of the pier, the gate of the fish, the gate of Hananel, and the gate of Hameah, until he came to the gate of the sheepfold; and he sat down at the gate of the entrance.
But the Lord said to them, Isn't it right for you, hoofs and donkeys, every man on the Sabbath, to eat sin, from every man's calf or from every man's donkey?
Peter said to them, Refresh yourselves, and let everyone be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, that your sins may be forgiven you, and that you may receive the Holy Spirit of God.
Behold, he is now hidden in a cave, or in another place; and whoever hears him shall say, There are slain of the inhabitants of Absalom.'
The king who anointed him said, I will declare the Holy One; and Yahweh said to me, You are my son, and I have conceived you this day.
They shall take armor, and chariots, and chariots of fine linen, and shall bring a great multitude against you; and they shall take a great shield, and a scepter, and shall put it on their heads round about you; and I will give judgment to them, and they shall judge you by their law.
So Asa went out against him, and set the battle in array against him in the valley of Zephath of Mareshah.
Make their hearts heavy. Bring your curse on them.
For the false Christ and the false prophets will appear, and will perform signs and wonders, and will conspire against the chosen ones of God.
For they see the morning as a shadow, For they are very faint in the shadow.
The length of it was four thousand five hundred in the north, and four thousand five hundred in the south, and four thousand five hundred in the east, and four thousand five hundred in the south.
For he said to Moses, I will be merciful to him who delights in mercies, And I will shed light on him who delights in shed light.
The children of Israel again did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh: and Yahweh delivered them into the hand of Midian seven years.
Those who were taken were in safety, and they didn't hear the voice of their work.
For the land trembled because of the voice of Babylon; and the earth trembled; and they cried out with a loud voice among the peoples.
From thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who enters into the service in the Tent of Meeting shall number himself.
That you may know that Yahweh is your God, if you don't eat bread, and if you don't drink pure wine, and if you don't drink wine,
He who loves his brother or his sister lives in light, and doesn't fall into sin.
Wash me with oxen, and I will be clean. Wash me, and I will be whiter than snow.
A man is not created for a woman, but a woman is created for a man.
They came to Gedaliah to Mizpah; and they came with them: Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and Johanan the son of Kareah, and Jonathan, and Shelaiah the son of Tanhumeth, and Jaazaniah the son of Maacah, all the sons of Nethaniah, and their men.
He said to his disciples, There is a rich man, and he has a lordship. He has a lordship over his possessions.
Now the Father has sanctified me, and sent me into the world. Why do I say, I am the Son of God, and you say that I profane God?'
He poured out his hand on the ground in the valley, and pleased himself with his might. He went out to meet the soldiers.
They shall not take a wife of a lame man, nor a wife of a widow; neither shall they take a wife of a divorced man; for they are holy to their God.
The man of God went with the old prophet, and ate bread and drink water in his house.
Jesus said, Most assuredly I tell you, unless you change your mind, you will be as a child, and you will not enter into the Kingdom of Heaven.
The spear of the family of Saul was to be used against Jonathan; and Jonathan knew that his father was plotting to kill David.
Yahweh has sworn, and will not relent, saying, You shall be priest forever, as Melchizedek.
Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away these men to Riblah, to the king of Babylon.
The thief comes to steal, to kill, and to destroy. I come to give them abundant life.
The time is come, and the days are coming. Don't let the buyer rejoice, neither let the seller be sad; for the wrath is on all of them.
He gathered the congregation together to the door of the tent of meeting.
He brought me again to the innermost parts, and measured me according to the measure which was before.
They sang a new song, and said, You will take the scroll, and break it open; for you have been slain, and have poured out your blood on all the peoples, and on all the languages, and on all the peoples, and on all the peoples.
It was a day of fasting for the Jews, and the tomb was not far off. They buried him there.
Then the heavens and all that is therein shall rejoice because of Babylon; for those who destroy it shall come from the north, says Yahweh.
When they had departed, we sailed, and they returned to their houses.
Who doesn't know that it is God's hand in all these things?
But now the word of Yahweh says, The glory of Moab and his people will be mocked, according to the number of the years of the work, according to the number of the days of the year; and the remnant will be little, and will be a desolation.
It was told David, and he sent to meet them; for the men were ashamed and trembling. The king said, Stay at Jericho until you have broken in pieces, and come again.
Many will fall on their feet, and fall on their lips; and they will be buried and taken.
As they went up into the city on their way, certain young women came out to draw water, and said to them, Is there a castle here?
As he ate with the apostles, the devil revealed to Judas the son of Simon, the Chaldean, what he had given him.
I will cause him to go forth, says Yahweh of Armies; and he shall go into the house of the thieves, and into the house of the man of my name who swears falsely; and I will dwell in his house, and will destroy him, and his wood and his stone.
You sat down under the captivity, and you fell under the slain: therefore Yahweh's anger was not turned away, but his hand was stretched out.
So Bathsheba went to king Solomon to speak to Adonijah: and the king arose, and met him, and played the prostitute with him, and made his throne; and he commanded the king's mother to sit on the king's right hand.
Go, and tell Rehoboam the son of Solomon, king of Judah, and all the house of Benjamin, Judah, and the rest of the people:
Moses returned, and all the elders of Israel, into the camp.
What is the profit of the engraved image, that he may etch it? What is the profit of the engraved image, and of the false teachers, that he may trust in it, and make it a mute image?
You shall rejoice, you, and the Levites, and the strangers who are among you, for all the blessings of Yahweh your God which he has given you, and for your household.
The servants of Ammon rebelled against him, and killed the king in the palace.
For from the day that I brought up Israel to this day, I have not lived in a house: from one tent to another tent, and from one curtain to another curtain.
Your hair also, when the Father is with you, will be numbered.
If the priest's daughter commits adultery, and profanes her self, even her father, then he shall burn her with fire.
There appeared also in heaven a second head, and a mighty horse of thorns, with seven heads, and ten horns, and heads on seven kings' horns.
You shall blow the trumpet, if you will gather the congregation together; but you shall not blow the trumpet.
Jacob awoke, and said, Yes, Yahweh is with me, but I don't know it.
You have led your redeemed with your loving kindness. You have brought them into your holy place with your power.
Not only so, but he was appointed a witness to us by the assembly, a witness of our loving kindness, that it might be glorified in the Lord, and that we might be pleased to do it.
When they had gone eastward, they found a deceit in the plains of the land of Sinal, and lived therein.
Beware of the evil plague of leprosy. Do all that the priests the Levites teach you, and observe to do it. I command them to do it.
I stretched out my hand on the rebellious people all the day. They did their own thing, and went in a way that was not good.
He said to them, If a man lets his wife go, and he takes another, a woman who commits adultery, and robs her,
A fire is kindled among them, And a flame devours the wicked.
He cried to Yahweh his God in his distress, And was exceedingly humble before the God of his fathers.
On the seventh day the priest shall go and see; and behold, if the plague has spread in the walls of the house,
The meal offering shall be an ephah for a bull in the feast, and an ephah for a ram, and a hin of oil for an ephah for a lamb, according to the number of the lambs, in the feast.
because of all the evil that the children of Israel and the children of Judah have done to me, both to their kings, and to their princes, and to their priests, and to their prophets, and to all Judah, and to the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
For they have persecuted my people, saying, Peace,' and there is no peace, but as a man goes up to his wall, he is clothed with blood.
Aaron did so, and lit the lamp before the lampstand, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
On the first day of unleavened bread, which was the day of the slaughter of the Passover, his disciples asked him, Where do you want us to prepare for you to eat the Passover?
Then I will bring you down, and those who go down to Sheol with you, to the lower parts of the earth; and I will make you dwell in the lower parts of the earth, and you shall be with those who go down to Sheol: there shall no man dwell therein, neither shall there be any glory in the land of the living.
But Yahweh is Lord forever. He has set his throne in order to judge.
Then Eliakim the son of Hilkiah, who was over the household, and Shebna the scribe, and Joah the son of Asaph, the captain of the guard, came out to him.
Jehu gathered all the people together, and said to them, While Ahab served Baal, he will serve him exceedingly.
But I know that the Lord will give me the ability to come near to you.
Woe to this rebellious, desolate, and oppressed city!
Most assuredly I tell you, all these bloodbaths will be on this people.
The heart of the wise is in the house of wisdom, But the heart of fools in the house of joy.
But all these things were confirmed, that the prophets might testify about them in the Scriptures. Then all the disciples forsook him, and fled.
Israel is fat as a fattened calf. Now Yahweh will take them as sheep in a broad land.
It happened, when Peter was knocking at the door of the inner court, that a certain woman, whose name was Loeb, came out to hear, and saw who the man was.
The angel of Yahweh found Hagar by the spring of the wilderness; and the spring was in the way to Shur.
Now, Lord, according to your word, let your servant go in peace from the world.
Behold, Rebekah is before you: take her, and give her to her master's son, as Yahweh has spoken.
The testimony of truth is not a lie, But the testimony of falsehood is a lie.
It happened after these things, that king Ahasuerus took Haman the son of Hammetatha the Agagite, and exalted him, and made his words higher than all the rest of his servants.
The prophets and the priests are blasphemed, even in my house, and I have seen their wickedness, says Yahweh.
Cornelius said, It was the day, about this time about three hours, and I was praying in my house, and suddenly there stood before me a man clothed in his garments,
On every high hill, under every green tree, stood the pillars and the Asherim;
But everyone who buys with money will eat of it, if he has circumcised him.
But he will be light to the tombs, And a memory will be made in his tombs.
Most assuredly I tell you, if he finds a fattened sheep, he shall be happier than a tenth of a heifer, which has no blemish.
You shall proclaim this to your sons, and your sons to your sons' children, and your sons to their children's children.
When it was time to open, he sent his servant to the man whom he asked, saying, Come, and prepare for all.'
Saul went with the spears; for he said, I will chastise David, and lay him in a cave. David hid himself two times before him.
Behold, they listened to the counsel of Balaam, and made Israel to sin against Yahweh in Bohol, so that the congregation of Yahweh was struck with a pestilence.
If anyone says in our name, We have prophesied, or have spoken, or have written, The day of the Lord is at hand; don't let your heart tremble, nor be afraid.
Solomon's horse was brought from Egypt, and he was a merchant of the king's, and he bought it for a price.
You have done nothing against them, neither have you done according to their abominations: you have made small things; you have called all that you have done a name.
Moses' father-in-law was a Kenite; and his sons and the sons of Judah went up with them out of the city of their fathers' houses, and came to the wilderness of Judah on the south of the Arabah, where they lived with them.
If I don't do the Father's work, don't believe me.
The footstool of the righteous is Yahweh's, And Yahweh loves the way of the righteous.
It happened, when the sun was going down, that a rebuke was spread among the army, saying, Every man to his own city, and every man to his own land.
Is it appropriate that you should bring this man to me, who is foolish? Will he enter into my house?
He made two cherubim of acacia wood in the inner court, each one ten cubits high.
It is better to kill with the sword than to kill with a robber; for it is a waste of land, and a waste, as a robber passes by.
They shall hear your words: go you, and the elders of Israel, to the king of Egypt, and tell him, Yahweh, the God of the Hebrews, has found us; now therefore let us go into the wilderness, and walk three days' journey, to sacrifice to Yahweh our God.
and one male goat for a sin offering; besides the continual burnt offering, and the meal offering of it, and the drink offering of it.
These are the seven stars which you saw in my right hand, and the seven lamps of gold: the seven stars are the seven angels of the assembly, and the seven lamps are the seven assemblies.
The men said one to another, This Daniel, besides the law of his God, we can't find his deceit.
When the sailors of the city met me, I said to them, Have you seen what my soul desires?
There shall be three things in a tumultuous place, and four things in a tumult that can't be carried away:
Then Haman went in. The king said to him, What shall the king do to the man whom the king delights to honor? He said in his heart, Who is better than me to the man whom the king delights to honor?
The Levites departed from their suburbs, and from their inheritance, to Judah and Jerusalem; for Jeroboam and his sons had dispensed them, and didn't allow them to do the service of the priesthood to Yahweh.
I don't seek my own glory, but a word asks me, and it is the judge of this matter.
Now therefore sin against Yahweh, the God of your fathers, and do that which is pleasing to him, and separate yourself from the peoples of the nations, and from the daughters of the foreigners.
Then the governor's officers brought him into the governor's house, and they gathered together all the army, and took him.
The sea was on twelve oxen, three toward the north, three toward the west, three toward the south, and three toward the east; and the sea was on the oxen, and the oxen toward the north.
He answered me, This is the word which Yahweh spoke to Zerubbabel, saying, It is not power, nor might, but my Spirit, says Yahweh of Armies.
Out of the tribe of Gad, Ramoth Gilead, the city of refuge for the slain, with its suburbs, and Mahanaim with its suburbs,
Behold, I will give this city into the hand of the Chaldeans, and into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and he shall take it.
For he teaches, and is not like their scribes.
I want to tell you that Timothy, our brother, is gone out of prison. If he comes, I will call him and I to you.
You have made my weeping into a dance. You have tied my robe to it. You have draped it with joy.
When the queen of Sheba heard of the name of Solomon, she came to Jerusalem, to test Solomon with a great and clear thing; and there were many of his men, and there were many camels with spices and gold, and precious stones. When she came near to Solomon, she told him all that was in her heart.
Isaac's servants were digging in the valley, and found a spring of living water.
For Yahweh has made Sarah, Abraham's wife, a woman in the house of Abimelech, incapable of bearing children.
Every morning and every evening shall offer burnt offerings to Yahweh, sweet savor; and there shall be a set bread on the holy table, and a golden lampstand and a lampstand for every evening; for we have kept the commandment of Yahweh our God; but you have forsaken it.
He who sits on the throne before his neighbor is a fool.
Now therefore, Yahweh, the God of Israel, our fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, let your people keep this thought, and prepare their hearts to turn to you;
The king said to him, What have you done? He answered, Most assuredly I am a widow, and my husband is dead.
I have not sat in the assembly of the rich. I have remained silent because of your wrath, Because you have filled me with wrath.
Mephibosheth had a son who was old, whose name was Micah: and all the men of the house of Ziba were servants to Mephibosheth.
The wolf shall roar in the camp, and the lion shall roar in the palace of his majesty. Babylon is come from the time of her distress. Her days are not yet fulfilled.
My affliction is profit to me, That I may learn your statutes.
But he said to the wicked, Why do you prophesy my statutes, And speak my covenant with them?
that he might show to the generations to come the fullness of his grace, which is through the loving kindness which he has shown us through Christ Jesus.
Sing to him, sing to him, Pray for all his wonders.
Moses said, I will go out from you, and I will ask of Yahweh that the captains of thousands depart from Pharaoh, and from his servants, and from his people; but Pharaoh shall not do any more deeds, nor let the people go out to sacrifice to Yahweh.
I will scatter you among the nations, and I will scatter you among the countries; and I will take away your abominations from you.
I will make you a great nation, and I will bless you, and will make your name great, and you shall be blessed.
What then is the law? The law is for the knowledge of a trespass, which the angels have ordained through one man, until the coming of the promised Son.
For we have seen and heard that which we don't know.
His master shall bring him to the place where he worships God; and he shall bring him near to the door or to the gate: and his master shall number his ears with the arrows, and he shall serve this master forever.
Have you entered into the waters of the sea? Have you gone into secret places in the deep?
Yahweh spoke to Moses in the plains of Moab by the Jordan at Jericho, saying,
Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: As for Ahab the son of Koraiah, and Zedekiah the son of Maaseiah, who prophesy lies to you in my name, behold, I will deliver them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and he shall kill them before you.
Is it the time that I wait for the time of trouble, The day of slain battles?
The children of Israel were very afflicted that day; for Saul swore to the people, saying, Cursed be he who eats, until I have sworn before my enemies to the vengeance. Therefore the people ate no bread.
Jesus said to him, Come, and I will heal him.
He will make the voice of the Lord in the spirit of Elijah, and in the power of the Spirit, to the fatherless and to the widow, and to the rebellious to follow the wisdom of the righteous, and to prepare the hearts of the people to meet the Lord.
and on their fathers' houses, and on their generations, and on their wives, and on their sons, and on their daughters, in all the congregation; for they believed that they were holy in this matter.
The merchants of Sheba and Ramah fought against you: they brought to you all the best spices, and all the precious stones, and all the gold.
Therefore the name of the city was called Babel; for there Yahweh struck the speech of the ears; and Yahweh scattered men from there on the surface of all the earth.
Behold, there is a place here to me, says Yahweh: stand on the rock.
They didn't hope for the altar which they made with their hands, Nor for the beam that was made with their pillars, nor for the sun that was on them.
I saw under the sun that there was wickedness in the land of judgment, and in the land of righteousness there was wickedness.
The grass grew in the morning, and was unfruitful. The frogs grew in the evening.
He will redeem their soul from oppression and oppression. He will see their blood as precious.
Your reproof, Yahweh, arose a little, The breath of your nostrils a little, The sea appeared, And the foundations of the earth appeared.
A cloud filled the house of Yahweh, When the priests came out from the sanctuary;
Let a raven go out. The ravens fly away, until the waters of the earth are dried up.
Hear the word of your father, you sons. Learn understanding with all your heart.
The children committed adultery, and rebelled against his father, and returned from him to Bethlehem Judah, to the house of his father, and lived there four months.
Behold, these things are little things which he has done. What have we heard from him? Who can discern the thunder of his might?
and I will deliver into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and into the hand of their enemies, and into the hand of those who seek their life, Zedekiah king of Judah, and of his servants, and of his people, who are in this city, all that remains of the pestilence, and of the sword, and of the famine, and of the famine, says Yahweh; and he shall kill them with the edge of the
As a young man in the midst of you says, Because we are his children, so we trust in him.'
It happened in the twelfth month, in the twelfth day of the month Adar, that the king's commandment and his decree came to pass, that the enemies of the children of Judah might have dominion over them; but it was so, that the children of Judah had dominion over all those who hated them.
Then I feared my affliction; for I knew that God would not make me guilty.
When he prayed, his face was changed. His garments were changed from white to black, and he was clothed with light.
As it is with all the assembly of God, the woman shall keep silence in the assembly, and shall not prophesy. The law of the Jews requires them to obey it.
There shall not a man dwell there, neither shall there be a man go there; but it shall fall as Sodom and Gomorrah, and as the cities of the suburbs.
You shall therefore keep his statutes, which I command you this day, that you may be blessed, you and your seed, and that your days may be prolonged in the land which Yahweh your God gives you, forever.
Then king Rehoboam sent to Israel Adom, the man of war who did the work; and all Israel stoned him with stones: and king Rehoboam hurried, and drew his chariot, and fled to Jerusalem.
Give thanks to Yahweh, For he is good, And his loving kindness endures forever.
For God has given us his precious treasures and his great grace, that through them you may be redeemed out of the wrath of the world, out of the wrath of God.
and Jarmuth with its suburbs, and Enchanter with its suburbs; four cities.
But the loving kindness of Yahweh is with those who fear him forever and ever. His righteousness is with his seed and his sons.
that we may be like the nations, that our king may judge between us, and sit on the throne of our face, and fight for us.
We are fools for Christ's sake, but you are fools with him. We are weak, but you are strong. You are honorable, but we are deceitful.
You shall observe to keep it until you have weighed it before the head of the priests, and before the Levites, and before the heads of the fathers' houses of Israel, in the chambers of the house of Yahweh which is in Jerusalem.
Peter, the apostle of Jesus Christ, wrote this letter to the peoples who were scattered abroad in Pentecost, Galilee, Gebatokiah, Asia, and the fourth year of Pentecost.
Now the heart of those who sailed with them is trembling: and Yahweh will break down their altars, and destroy their pillars.
He went and visited Kenadab, and the villages of Kenadab; and he named him Lubus according to his name.
Your word, Yahweh, is established in heaven forever.
Now I am glad that I suffer for you. I suffer for the body of Christ, for the assembly, and for the lack of faith.
The ordinance of the oppressor is evil: he devises schemes, and destroys the poor with lies; he also destroys the needy when he speaks justice.
It happened in the twelfth year of Zedekiah king of Judah, in the twelfth year of Nebuchadnezzar, that the word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah.
Blessed is he who rejects the counsel of the wicked, Who doesn't stand in the way of sin, Who doesn't join himself with slanderers.
The children of Benjamin came out from Gibeah the second day, and struck them; and they killed on the ground eleven thousand men of Israel, all of them with the sword.
If you do this, you will become children of the Father, for he causes the sun to shine on the wicked and on the righteous, and for the righteous and for the unrighteous.
You have brought down a great rain, God. You have strengthened your inheritance, Israel, when he is weary.
For the beautiful prostitute has many sexual immoralities. She is a prostitute to a nation, And a thief to a multitude of peoples.
and the princes of Judah, and the princes of Jerusalem, and the eunuchs, and the priests, and all the people of the land, who passed over from the calf that was cut off;
Jacob said, Swear to me this day. Esau swore to him, and gave Jacob the name of his firstborn.
Then David said, Put away the Levites, besides the ark of God; for Yahweh has chosen them to bear the ark of the covenant of Yahweh, and to serve him forever.
When they had scattered him, he went up into the mountain, and prayed, but it was dark, and he was alone.
Behold, Yahweh has given you the Sabbath. Therefore he gives you two days' bread. On the seventh day every man shall dwell in his place, and shall not go out.
He said to them, Behold, my soul is grieved, and my hope is that I will die. Behold, you dwell here.
The priest shall write in the book these curse words, and shall put them in the midst of the abyss.
It is like a man who flees from the lion, and flees, and finds a harp, and comes in with his hands to the house, and falls, and causes the serpent to stumble.
Don't be dismayed, but those who have great faith, and those who have patience, who are heirs of God's promise.
Six days you shall eat unleavened bread; and on the seventh day you shall keep the covenant of Yahweh your God: you shall do no work.
He brought me up from the north gate before the house: and behold, the glory of Yahweh filled the house of Yahweh; and I fell on my face.
Yahweh was angry with the children of Israel, and said, Because this people have transgressed my covenant, which I commanded their fathers, and have not obeyed my voice;
They said, Come, and let us go to the city and to the cave, and let us set up a name for us, that we not be scattered throughout all the earth.
For you have given me strength to fight. You have subdued all those who rise up against me.
Teacher, what is the most important commandment in the law?
Twenty cubits was the length of the inner court, and twenty cubits was the breadth of the court, and three cubits was the breadth of the court, and the length of it.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, Most assuredly I have said, Your house and your father's house shall walk before me forever: but now Yahweh has said, I will not do it; for I will honor him who honors me; and he who despises me will be deceived.
Be steadfast in the word which you hear from the beginning. If you are steadfast in the word which you hear from the beginning, you will live in the Son and in the Father.
They shall take the curtains of the tent of meeting, and the tent of meeting, and its covering, and the covering of the seals that are on it, and the screen for the door of the tent of meeting,
The table was set, and the servants sat down, and the servants served, and their clothing, and their wine; and when they saw the sign that he was going up to the house of Yahweh, they were afraid, and the cloud was gone up.
I don't want you to be a burden to others, but to be a burden to others.
and beyond the Jordan, at Jericho, eastward, by the Jordan, in the land of the children of Reuben, Bezer with its suburbs in the wilderness, and Arza with its suburbs,
Son of man, take a sword, and make a sword for your head, and cut off your hair, and your teeth: then you shall pierce it with a rod, and break it open.
But the eyes of the wicked are purple. They have no escape. Their hope is as thick as smoke.
I tell you, Yahweh your God, who lives, there is no nation, nor nation, and my lord doesn't send to you. If they say, he isn't here, then they swear by the people, and say, They shall not find you.
The word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah.
Behold, there shall remain those who are left, the children who are taken captive; and behold, they shall come to you; and you shall see their ways, and their doings, and shall speak concerning all the evil that I have brought on Jerusalem, which I have brought on them; and you shall be comforted.
When they heard me, they waited, and waited for me.
Jehoshaphat walked in the ways of Asa his father, and didn't turn from him, to do that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh: but the high places were not taken away; and the people sacrificed and burnt incense in them.
He redeems your soul from death, And makes love and tender mercies your crown.
But we have such a precious man, as in a vessel made of dust, that the great power may be revealed to God, and not to us.
After these things he passed over to the king of Galilee, which is on the other side of Tiberias.
When the centurion who was before him saw his groaning, he said, Truly this is the Son of God.
the priest shall offer one for a sin offering, and one for a burnt offering; and the priest shall make atonement for him before Yahweh for the plague of his infirmity.
He shall make atonement for the sanctuary of the Holy One, and shall make atonement for the tent of meeting, and for the altar; and he shall make atonement for all the priests, and for all the congregation.
When you call, I answer you. You have a desire in the work of your hands.
He took a silver coin, and showed me the image. Who is this image and the number? They said, Caesar's.
Go to the hill of Abarim, and to the top of Nebo, and to the land of Moab beyond Jericho, and see the land of Canaan, which I have given to the children of Israel for an inheritance.
For I know that you will bring me to death, To the house which is set up for all life.
The judges shall reign; and they shall strike the king's throne, and destroy it, and destroy it to the end of the earth.
In the eighth year you shall till, and eat the fruit of the ground, even the bread of the harvest, until the year of harvest, when the fruit of the year is finished.
All who saw it came out to see it. When they came to Jesus, a demon came out from the man. When they saw that he was clothed with a demon, and sitting at Jesus' feet, they marveled greatly.
They shaved for you, and girded themselves with sackcloth, and wept with a heavy heart, and cried out exceedingly.
God will save Lot, the righteous man, For he has grieved greatly for the wicked.
It happened on the next day in the morning, that the people rose up, and built an altar there, and offered burnt offerings, and offered peace offerings.
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance.
They found an Egyptian in the field, and brought him to David: and they gave him bread, and he ate, and gave him water to drink.
Joseph looked at his brothers, and saw that they were well-pleasing; and he lied to the blind, and spoke a slanderous word to them, and said to them, Where are you coming from? They said, From the land of Canaan.
They cover me like a perfume, Like a burning fiery fire. I have consumed them in the name of Yahweh.
He made a memorial for the children of Israel in the ephod in the ephod, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
For he will turn your son away from following me, and will serve other gods; and Yahweh will be angry with you, and will drive you away.
In the forty-ninth year that I brought you into the wilderness, there was no blemish on your skin, neither was there any blemish on your feet.
When he lies down, look to the place where he lies, and go into the place where his feet are, and lie down there: and he will tell you what you shall do.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
He has reduced my strength to the uttermost parts. He has made my days a desolation.
They say, It is for the belly, and the belly for the food. But God will destroy both of them. The body is not for sexual immorality, but for the Lord, and the Lord will raise up our bodies.
It happened after these things, that Yahweh struck him, so that his ribs were broken, and he couldn't recover them.
I bowed down before Yahweh, and bowed down forty days and forty nights, because Yahweh said that he would destroy you.
and in the land of the children of Issachar, Kedesh with its suburbs, and Dabir with its suburbs;
The rings of gold that were set were fifty shekels; and the clasps of it were of gold.
But if a man finds a pregnant woman in the field, he will kill her; but he who kills her will die.
All who were numbered of them, from twenty years old and upward, were sixty-three thousand five hundred fifty, weighing each one of them according to the weight of the scepter which was in the sanctuary; and they gave every man ten shekels of silver, even one Pekah.
But he answered them, Woe to you also, you law teachers! For you have given men a burden that is no more; but you yourselves refuse to bend a finger and despise them.
Laban went and took the sheep; and Rachel stole the idols of their father's house.
Three days went he out of the midst of it; and the whole land was darkened.
five hundred frankincense, and a hin of oil, according to the measure of the sanctuary.
Take heed to yourself, and keep your precepts, and do them with all your heart and with all your soul; for this is the thing that will save you, yourself, and those who hear your precepts.
You shall make the boards for the tent of meeting of cedar.
What then is my reward? That I preach the Good News to all men, but I don't preach the Good News at all.
Then went king Jehoram to Jezreel to heal his wound, which the Syrians had struck in the battle of Ramoth and Hazael king of Syria: and Ahaziah the son of Jehoram king of Judah went down to Jehoram the son of Ahab to examine Jehoram, because he was sick.
As for this man, it is written, I will send my messenger before you. He will be your messenger, and he will open to you.
He shall go forth to the altar before Yahweh, and shall make the altar of sacrifices; and he shall take the blood of the bulls, and the blood of the goats, and shall put them on the horns of the altar round about.
Therefore we are full of strength all the days of our life, knowing that we are far from the house which the Lord has prepared for us.
They sought him, and stood in the temple, and said to one another, What do you think? Should he go over to the feast?
Therefore we sent another brother with them, and he proved us many times, and we knew that he was willing to help. Now therefore he is exceedingly merciful to you, and has a greater desire to help you.
and the priests, and the Levites, who shall always offer burnt offerings and offerings; and they shall do the same thing before me.
Now, Lord Yahweh, you are God, and your words are truth; and you have blessed your servant with this blessing.
They sacrificed to their gods, and brought the people home; and the people ate their sacrifices, and worshiped their gods.
Even though I am anointed king, I am defiled this day: these are the more mighty than I, son of Zeruiah: Yahweh requite him who does evil, according to his wickedness.
Woe to those who are wise in their own eyes, And wise in their own eyes!
You shall be a terror and a stumbling block among the nations where Yahweh shall lead you.
Judah and Shelah themselves were prophets; and they comforted the saints with many words, and established their faith.
There was a man named Ananias, whose inheritance he didn't possess, he, nor Sapphira his wife.
Your horns have sinned. Your shields have rebelled against me.
For as the lightning flashes on the east, so will the Son of Man happen on the west.
The length of the curtain was thirty cubits, and the breadth of the curtain four cubits; and the tenth part of the curtain was for a curtain.
He who knows your name will trust in you. For you, Yahweh, have not forsaken those who seek you.
The Lord said to him, Arise, go to the street that is called The Way, and take a man named Saul the Damascus in the house of Judah; and behold, he prays there.
All the walls of the house round about were painted, even the cherubim, the palm trees, and the pomegranates.
They will be slain and fall. We will rise up and stand still.
Then the heads of fathers' houses of Edom were astonished, and the mighty men of Moab trembled, and lived in the land of Canaan, and all their hearts were consumed.
The multitudes gathered themselves together, and begged Pilate to release a prisoner according to his ordinance.
Aaron took them out of their hand, and weighed a bull and a reed; and the people said, Israel, your god, who brought you out of the land of Egypt.
Their mouth utters evil words. Their lips have swords. They say, Who has heard it?
But let's speak truth with love, and let's rely on the works of Christ, for he is our head.
He said to Ariel the captain of the king's guard, Why is it that the king's commandment has come to pass? Ariel told Daniel this thing.
She conceived again, and bore a son, and said, I will now praise Yahweh. Therefore she called his name Judah. She ceased, and bore no more.
Before the mountains were established, and the hills were established, I was born.
It is not that I should do anything with you, but that I should do it with all my heart and with all my soul.
Joseph received favor in the sight of his master, and served him; and he made him ruler over his house, and gave all that he had into his hand.
For he who hears the law is not a righteous man before God, but he who keeps the law will be justified by God.
I have many things to tell you, and I don't desire to give you water or pit; but I hope to come to you, and to speak on my face, that our joy may be filled.
The king struck Jacob his brother with the edge of the sword.
They can't sing, nor drink wine, But a great drinker will be afflicted.
Yahweh makes known his salvation, His righteousness among the nations.
Pharaoh and Aristhoth were among them; and I delivered them up to Satan, that they should be condemned, and not blasphemed, and profaned God.
Zebul said to him, Behold, you have said, Who is Abimelech, that we may serve him? Where are the mouths of these words which you speak? Isn't this the people whom you have despised? Go out now, and fight with them.
The king's servants said to him, Haman stands in the court. He said, Bring him in.
The bright light of gold comes out of the north. God has great terror.
In the two years I will bring Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon out of this place to Babylon, all the vessels of the house of Yahweh, and I will cause him to return to this place.
But if the husband cut him off in the day that he hears it, all that goes out of his mouth, and all that he vows, and all that he makes, shall not be redeemed; for his husband has cut him off, and Yahweh will forgive him.
He said to them, Out of the food comes the food, and out of the mighty it comes the wine. They couldn't tell it in three days.
They took the firstborn of his king's house, and offered him for a burnt offering on the wall: and a great famine came on Israel; and they departed from him, and went into their own land.
Yahweh raised up a rival against Solomon, Hadath the Edomite, the son of the king of Edom.
The children of Israel did as Yahweh commanded Moses: and they divided the land.
All things are clean to those who are clean; to those who are unclean, and to those who don't believe, there is nothing unclean. Their heart and their spirit are unclean.
Judah and Israel shall be gathered together, and shall set up a chief man for themselves from this land; for the day of Jezreel shall be a great day.
As Moses and all the congregation of Israel sat at the door of the tent of meeting, suddenly there was a man of Israel, who brought a Midianite to his brother in their sight.
Asa did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, as did David his father.
It happened, when Jehoiakim the son of Josiah, king of Judah, began to reign, that the word came to Yahweh, saying,
All the males of Aaron's seed shall eat of it, an everlasting portion out of the offerings of Yahweh made by fire throughout their generations: and all those who touch it shall be holy.
In that day shall it come to pass from Egypt to Assyria; and the Egyptians shall go into Egypt, and the Egyptians into Assyria; and the Egyptians shall serve Yahweh with the Egyptians.
The king said, Yahweh do so to me, and more also, if the head of Elisha the son of Shaphan remains in him this day.
He called Johanan the son of Kareah, and all the captains of the forces who were with him, and all the people, from the little to the great,
but to hide it from the eye, and to hide it from the voice, and from the music, and to cover the head and the sole of the foot and the sole of the foot, and to hide your lips, and to not eat the bread of the feast;
Zedekiah the king said, Behold, he is in your hand; he shall not entrap you in anything.
For if we take off our garments, we will not be naked.
When I have spoken, they have no more spoken. My words are poured out on them.
Then shall the inhabitants of the camp, who dwell in the sea, say, Behold, our hope of the days, which we have hoped, which is to escape from the king of Assyria, to seek his salvation, is this that we may escape?
If one says that he will trust in the gift, I will. If one thinks that he will trust in the gift, I will be much more assured.
As for the city, Christ didn't become the glory of the high priest, but God said to him, You are my Son, and I have brought forth you this day.
For if David calls him Lord, why is he the son of David?
When they came to Reuel their father, he said to them, Why are you coming this day?
Son of man, I have broken the arm of Pharaoh king of Egypt: I have not covered his wounds, neither girded his waist, nor shaved his knees, that he may lift up his sword with ease.
He put a ring of blue and purple on the crown of gold that was on the top of it, and a ring of fine twined linen, and went out before the king.
For if God had spoken of a new covenant, he would have made the first one a record; and if he had kept it forever, he would have kept it forever.
Behold, Yahweh will come down in the midst of the fire, His chariot like a whirlwind; He will do vengeance with wrath, And rebuke with fire.
I tell you, no, but if you don't repent, you will all perish.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: The Gentiles of the house of Israel, the Gentiles who are uncircumcised in heart and uncircumcised in flesh, shall not enter into my sanctuary.
It happened, when he came to Jerusalem, that there were many of the people who were with him, and there were many camels with spices and gold, and precious stones: and when he came to Solomon, he told him all that was in his heart.
They all ate, and cast the grain into the sea, that the ships might be made less.
Even though his forest is thick, they will cut it down; for they are more than locusts, and they shall not be counted.
Can you rebuke the Word of God? Can you rebuke the Almighty?
God saw all that he had done, and said, Behold, it is good. There is evening and morning and six days.
Then the woman went, and did according to the word of Elijah: and the woman ate bread with her house, and with Elijah, many days.
I will stand at the tower, and I will stand in the midst of the camp to watch, and to see what he says to me; and I will judge with what I say.
My face shall be always toward this city, to bring evil, and to bring good; and this city shall be given into the hand of the king of Babylon, and he shall burn it with fire.
You shall not offer that to a man, or that which is for a prey to a rich man.
Yahweh spoke to his servants and to his prophets, saying,
For you have poured out great loving kindness on me. You have delivered my soul from the deep pit of Sheol.
The children of Israel heard, and said, Behold, the children of Reuben, and the children of Gad, and the half-tribe of Manasseh, shall build an altar before the land of Canaan, by the bank of the Jordan; and the children of Israel shall pass over.
Let all the nations rejoice with his people; For he will plead his case for the blood of his servants, And recompense his enemies, And will redeem his land and his people.
But the Holy Spirit testifies to me in every city, that treachery and trouble await me.
If the children of Israel keep all my commandments which Moses my servant commanded them, then I will no more cause their feet to spring out of the land which I gave to their fathers.
The rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and his abominations, and his abominations, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel and Judah. Jehoiachin his son reigned in his place.
The man who betrayed him said to them in the night, He whom I kiss is Jesus. Take him, and let him go.
Absalom came near to the king, and said, Now your servants will take sheep, and they will take with them the king, and his servants, and his servants.
This is the image: its head is pure gold; its breasts and its hands are silver; its waist and its great shoulders brass;
I have afflicted those who mock you. I have bound myself.
The Lord, the Spirit, is there speaking. The place where the Lord's Spirit is will be taken away.
The two horns that were after the tent were for two boards.
Let the king be as the rain that falls on the grass, As the rain that pours on the ground at certain times.
One witness, one witness, in a valley of judgment; for the days of Yahweh are at hand, in a valley of judgment.
He has listened to me with his ears. Therefore I will cry to him all the days of my life.
The mountains were scattered, and the stones surrounded them.
Then I rebuked the princes and the rulers in my heart, and said to them, Take every man his inheritance from his brother. So I gathered together the council, and rebuked them.
Jesus said to them, You are called righteous before men, but God knows your heart, because men regard them honorable, but they are an abomination to God.
But he is wounded for our transgressions. He is slain for our sins. He bears punishment, and we have peace. He is struck, and we have healing.
The stars of the sky shall not be numbered, Nor the sand of the sea shall be numbered: thus will I multiply my servant David's seed with my Levites.
Those who believe that Jesus is the Christ are children of God. Those who love their parents, and those who are born of them, love them.
He set two scribes before him, and testified against him, saying, You have blasphemed Yahweh and the king; and they took him out, and stoned him with stones.
Abraham said, God will raise Isaac from the dead, and it will be known that Isaac is dead, and is come again.
On the third day and on the seventh day, the unclean person shall wash his unclean linen, and on the seventh day shall he be unclean; and he shall wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh in water, and be unclean until the evening.
Therefore many of you will perish and be sick, and none of you will die.
You have played the prostitute with the Assyrians because of the famine. You have played the prostitute with them, but you haven't played the prostitute with them.
Paul and Silas passed through Antioch and Apollos, and came to Thessalonica, where was the synagogue of the Jews.
For those who seek this people go astray, And all who seek them are swallowed up.
For it is written, He has made unrighteous. It will be written on me. True, the things which are written concerning me are written.
For the violent has passed away, and the slanderer has perished; and everyone who seeks revenge on evil-doers is cut off.
Assyria can't save us; neither can we ride on horses, nor say any more to the work of our hands, You are our god; for your fathers have mercy on you.
Hold your peace, all you islands, before me. Let all of you find new strength. Come near, and speak. Let all of us be reasoned together.
Then we took all his cities, and destroyed the cities of the habitations, and left neither woman nor child.
It happened on the next day, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
My sanctuary shall be among them forever. The nations shall know that I am Yahweh, holy to Israel.
From the ground even to the door of the gate were cherubim and palm trees: so was the wall of the house.
The threshold of the house was twenty cubits, and the breadth of the house ten cubits, and the breadth of the gate ten cubits.
Yahweh brought evil on the people, because they were bulls, which Aaron had made.
For if I am a lawful man, I am a lawful man, and I believe in the Lord, not that I don't keep the law of God, but that I am under the law of Christ.
Therefore you are foreigners, whom you have made uncircumcised of the circumcision, who circumcise themselves with their hands.
I looked in the visions of the night, and behold, there came a man like a man in the cloud of the sky, and he was in the great ancient place; and they brought him before the man.
Yahweh your God, who is before you, he will fight for you, as he did for you in Egypt, to do before your eyes.
For the daughters of my city have made me to see sorrow.
The woman bore a son, whom she was about to cast out by the sword against all the nations; and his son was brought before God to his throne.
Remember that you were bondservants in Egypt. Keep these statutes.
In all the cities where the king's decree came, the Jews rejoiced and rejoiced, and set the feast on the same day, and made it a good day: and the people of the land came in great numbers into Judah because of the fear of Judah.
Therefore walk in your wisdom, and don't allow her gray hair to go down to Sheol in peace.
They mocked him, but Jesus drove them out, and brought into the child's womb his father and his disciples with him.
As you sent me into the world, I also sent them into the world.
Thus says the Bible, Abraham believed in God, and God considered him righteous.
Abraham was buried with Abimelech because of this thing, when Abimelech's servants sat in a well of water.
The captain of the army of the tribe of Zebulun was Eliab the son of Zebulun.
Moses told his father-in-law all that Yahweh had done for Israel to Pharaoh, and to the Egyptians, and to all the prisoners who were found in the way, and how Yahweh had saved them.
He said to them, What do you mean by bread? They said to him, Seven loaves and a few young pigs.
The captain of the pan in the first month was Jashobeam the son of Zabdeel; and in his pan were twenty-four thousand men.
Go, Judah, and see, I have delivered the land into his hand.
I didn't send them, says Yahweh; but they prophesied lies in my name, so that I drove you out, and all the prophets who prophesied in your name, and they perished together.
They shall see him who is healed standing by them, and shall have no counsel.
Yes, all the nations of the earth shall be blessed, because of your seed, because you have obeyed my voice.
But the devil wants to make me afraid, that he may make me to sin, and that he may prophesy evil against me.
and let my enemies say, I am better than he; and let my enemies rejoice when I fall.
Who is he who comes out of the wilderness, and builds a pillar like a burning fire, and gives it a fragrance of honey, of honey, of frankincense, and of all spices of the trade?
I will show myself to them. They will come forth out of the midst of the fire, but the fire will consume them. When I show myself to them, you shall know that I am Yahweh.
For I have heard that you have love for the people of God, and believe in the Lord Jesus.
The multitude who went on after him cried out, Hosanna, son of David, Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord! Hosanna, the Most High God!
Bring your younger brother to me, and your words shall be quiet, and you shall not die: and they did so.
It happened in the evening, that David rose up from his bed, and went on his way in the king's house: and behold, a woman was bathing, and she was beautiful in the house.
Moreover he was given to breathe in life into the idols of the beasts, that the idols of the beasts might speak, and that he should kill those who didn't worship the idols of the beasts.
I will sprinkle a clean water on you, and you shall be clean; and I will cleanse you, and will put away all your defilement, and all your idols.
It happened, while he was contemplating, that a angel of the Lord appeared in his dream, and said, Don't be afraid, Joseph, son of David: take Mary as wife; for the womb of her womb is from the Holy Spirit.
My soul longs for the house of Yahweh. My heart cries to Yahweh, My flesh and my soul.
When you pray, don't be like the hypocrites, who stand in synagogues, or in the streets praying for the sight of men; for most assuredly I tell you, they have received their reward.
The heavens shall show his iniquity, And the earth shall rise against him.
My feet walk in your ways. My feet have not trodden.
and he gave thanks to the God who led Israel through the midst of them; for his loving kindness endures forever;
Go in, and tell Pharaoh king of Egypt, Let Israel go out of his land.
These are the work of the house of the Gershonites:
He asked the priests and the prophets who were in the house of Yahweh of Armies, saying, Shall I now do so, while I weep in the fifth month to separate the children of men?
The lord of the vineyard sent another servant to gather grain, and the farmers struck him on the head, and made him a reproach.
If anyone preaches anything that doesn't conform to the teaching of our Lord Jesus Christ, and doesn't walk in the example of godliness,
He took the basket of unleavened bread out of the presence of Yahweh, and took out a loaf of unleavened bread, and a loaf of oil, and a loaf of bread, and put them on the oil and on the frying pan.
Sidon and the inhabitants of Albuath are your snares. The wise men of your midst are your enemies.
God is king over all nations. God sits on his holy throne.
and how he dealt with Dathan and Abiram, the sons of Eliab, the sons of Reuben, and with the mouths of the children of Israel, to devour them, and their household, and their tents, and all their living creatures.
You shall tell your sons, We were bondservants of Pharaoh in Egypt; and Yahweh brought us out of Egypt with a mighty hand.
Yahweh abhors deceit, But he delights in justice.
In those days the princes of Judah sent letters to Zoiah continually; and Zoiah sent letters to them.
Send one of you to your brother, that you may put your words in order, and see whether you are righteous or not. If not, I swear by Pharaoh's life, and you are a murderer.
These were the sons of Haman the son of Haman, the son of Hamatha the son of Hamath the son of Hamath the son of Hamath the son of Hamath: but they didn't take anything of them.
You will be hated by all men for my name's sake, But he who endures will be saved.
They hurried, and put every man his clothes on the clefts of the pillars, and put them under Jehu: and they blew the trumpets, and said, Jehu is king!
You shall give a wave to Moab, that he may flee; and his cities shall be laid waste, and no man shall dwell therein.
Paul and Barnabas preached the Good News at Telbe, and many were converted. They returned to Lystra, and to Ephesus, and to Antioch,
You have come up to the high place, and have taken the rebuke; you have received their offering from among men; and the rebellious also have offered it, that Yahweh God may dwell among them.
Paul, an apostle of Christ Jesus by the will of God, writing a letter to Ephesus, one of the faithful saints of Christ Jesus.
Can a meal be eaten that doesn't contain salt? Or a drink that is two thousand times as sweet?
Jethro, Moses' father-in-law, took Zibbolah, Moses' daughter, whom he had sent away,
The animals came into the cave, and lived in the cave.
then the two burnt offerings shall stand before Yahweh, and before the priests, and before the judges.
The streams of Edom shall become mud, and the streams of dust shall become mud. Its land shall become mud.
Thus says Yahweh: If my covenant of the day and of the night shall fail, and I have not set the statutes of heaven,
The shields of his mighty men were of brass, and all his chariots of war were of brass; and the pillars of his chariots were flashing in the day that he prepared for war; and his spear could not be taken away.
The arches of the court shall be fifty cubits long, and the pillars of the court ten, and ten.
and commanded the children of Judah, from the young man even to the old man, and the young men and the women, to destroy and to kill him, and to kill him, and to cause him to die, in the tenth month, which is the month Adar, in all the provinces of the king; and he took their spoil, and made it a weapon of war.
I saw in the midst of you, O king, a stronger light than the sun, and it came down from the sky, and fell on me and on my companions round about.
But a man dies peacefully. How long shall a man be, until his heart is broken?
I will inquire, Don't the children of Israel truly know? Moses said before, I will provoke you to anger with men who are not of my people, And with wrath which I have provoked against you by men who don't know me.
My lips don't speak unrighteously. My tongue doesn't speak deceit.
Behold, God works great things with his Spirit. Who is a teacher like him?
Therefore keep all the commandments which I command you this day, that you may be upright, and go in and possess the land where you go over to possess it;
You shall not eat of all that is left of you; neither shall you eat of any foreigner who is in the way, that he may eat of you, or that he may not eat of you: for you are a holy people, a God to Yahweh your God. You shall not suck the milk of a goat.
Joshua took a stone of fire, and cast it on Mount Peor, and circumcised the children of Israel.
Moses took the children of Israel from the Red Sea; and they went out into the wilderness of Shur; and they walked in the wilderness three days, and found no water.
They shall live in their own land, and none shall make them afraid, when I bring them again from among the nations, and gather them from the land of their enemies: and they shall bear their shame, and their iniquity, when I make them holy in their new land, before the nations.
If you have a word to say, answer me. Say it to me, for I desire to make you righteous.
Thus shall Ashkelon see, and be afraid; and Gaza shall see, and be afflicted; and Ekron shall see, and be disappointed in hope: and there shall be no king in Gaza, neither shall Ashkelon have any man to dwell in.
He answered before the king and the princes of the land of Memucan, and said, The work of Vashti the king's sluggard is not against the king, neither is it against the king of Ahasuerus against all the princes of the provinces.
When they came to the rest of the disciples, behold, a great multitude surrounded them, and a scribe with them.
He said to them, This is not everyone who will receive it. Only those who receive it will receive it.
Thus says the Lord Yahweh: In that day shall be a reviving of your heart, and you shall seek the counsel of evil counsel;
I will stretch out his hand to the great sea, and his right hand to the great river.
I heard a voice out of heaven, like the sound of a flood, and like the sound of a thunder; and I heard it, like the sound of a harp standing on a threshing floor.
When the Sabbath was yet a day old, I commanded to shut up the gates of Jerusalem; and I commanded that they should not open until the Sabbath day: and I appointed servants over the gates of the city, that no man should come in any more on the Sabbath day.
I will multiply your seed exceedingly. The kingdom will be established from you, and the king from you.
He conceived, and bore a son. Judah called his name El.
Behold, I write a great letter to you.
So that we are no more children, neither do we cause every whirlwind to tremble, and to take advantage of man's bribes and his deceit, and to be enticed.
Jesus said to them, Young men, do you have fish? They said, No fish.
The angel of Yahweh visited Joshua, saying,
The world is troubled, because he will answer for sins. The world will answer for sins, but he who answers for sins will be troubled.
He said to him, My friend, why don't you bring a present here?' But he held his peace.
But you delivered us from our enemies, And made those who hated us ashamed.
It happened in the first month, that all the congregation of the children of Israel came to the wilderness of Zin; and the people lived in Kadesh. There Miljam died, and was buried.
Jeremiah answered Zedekiah, If I tell you, will you not kill me? If I tell you, you will not hear.
Remember, Yahweh, that your enemies will blaspheme you, And fools will profane your name.
Then I will be the God of all the chambers of Israel, says Yahweh; and they shall be my people.
Ben Hadad king of Syria gathered together all his army; and thirty-two kings went with him, horses, and chariots, and went up against him to Samaria.
This life has appeared, and we have seen it, and have testified about it, that you may know the eternal life, which he has revealed to us with the Father.
But the men stretched out their hands, and brought Lot into the house, and shut the door.
I remember your name in the night, Yahweh. I keep your law.
You shall leave the sacrifice before the altar, and you shall go in to your brothers, and you shall return to the sacrifice.
Therefore he has poured out on him the wrath of his enemies, and the snares of his battles; and he is round about him like fire: he doesn't know it; the fire devours him, and he doesn't repent.
But the chariot driver lives, though his spirit is dead.
He made the boards for the tent of meeting of acacia wood.
A wise man speaks in quietness, And more than the head of fools shouts, There is a man's hearing.
From there he went up against the inhabitants of Debir. (Now Debir was called Kiriath Sepher.)
If a man takes his sister, his father or his mother, and she sees her nakedness, and she sees her nakedness, it is an abomination: they shall be cut off from before the eyes of his people; and he shall bear his iniquity.
When the Lamb opened one of the seven passages, behold, a living animal was heard, and he spoke like a thunder, Come!
Bethany, you have made three covenants in Jerusalem.
He measured the east wind, and there were walls round about, five hundred cubits long, and five hundred cubits broad, for separating the holy from the common.
Yahweh made a covenant with them, and commanded them, saying, Don't fear other gods, neither worship, nor serve them, nor sacrifice to them.
Moses cried to Yahweh his God, and said, Why have you been so angry with your people, Yahweh? for you have brought them out of the land of Egypt with great strength and with a mighty hand.
This was the division of their work, that they might enter into the house of Yahweh, according to the way that Aaron their fathers walked in, according to the commandment of Yahweh, the God of Israel.
It shall happen on the seventh day, that the priest shall examine the plague; and behold, if the itch hasn't spread, and the itch hasn't spread in the midst of the itch, and the appearance of the itch hasn't penetrated into the skin,
Therefore put on all the armor of God, that in the day of evil you may prevail against the adversary, and stand firm against the enemy all the days of your life.
We saw there the Anakim, the great men, the children of the great. As we saw ourselves as locusts, so we saw them.
Then the scribes and the chief priests knew that this parable was about him, and they wanted to lay their hands on him, but they were afraid of all.
When the unrighteous man came, he trusted in all the power of Satan, to do false signs and wonders.
Escape, you inhabitants of Hazor, and flee far off, and hide yourselves: for Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon has set his face to kill you, and he has set his face against you.
For this cause will I contend with you, says Yahweh, and with your sons and with your daughters.
Are you yet saying before those who kill you, I am God?' But you are a man, and not God, in the hand of those who kill you.
You shall surely let the donkey go, but the young donkey shall you take away: so shall you be blessed, and shall eat long days.
Thus says Yahweh to Judah and to Jerusalem, Go up to your land, and don't plant it in a mound.
The second day the king asked Esther in the midst of the battle, saying, Esther, what are you wearing, queen? I will give it to you. What are you asking? One third of the kingdom will be satisfied.
The king of Israel said, Shall we gather these three kings together, that Yahweh may deliver them into the hand of Moab?
Yahweh has testified against me, But he will not deliver me up to death.
He who sows in the field will have enough food, But he who has no water will be unfaithful.
A certain man's eye is exalted, and his eye also is exalted.
It happened on the sixth day, that they took a little more than two omer: and all the chiefs of the congregation came and told Moses.
You shall offer no other incense on it, neither burnt offering, nor meal offering, nor drink offering, on it.
For there will be great evil in those days, which have not yet been made by God into the world, neither will they be any more.
Your loving kindness, Yahweh, is deceived. Teach me your statutes.
So Boaz took Ruth as wife, and bore her a son with her; and Yahweh raised her up.
But a man is made to be afflicted, and to be like a flaming fiery cup.
It happened, while the twelve were eating, that he appeared to them, and rebuked their disobedience and their hardness of heart, because they didn't believe the words of those who saw Jesus rising.
Wealth and honor are from you, and you rule over all things. Out of your hand are mighty men and mighty men, to exalt themselves, and to exalt the multitude.
Brothers, I have made myself and Apollos for you to speak these things, that you may learn from us that which is written, Don't be proud, neither be honorable, neither despise one of you.
because you have been very angry with me, and because your proud words have come to my ears, then will I put my hook on your nose, and my ring on your mouth, that you may return from your journey.'
For I say this, that you may be free from blasphemies.
You made the tribe of Levi to come near, and stood before Aaron the priest, that he might minister to him.
He shall take from it a portion of the meal offering, and oil, and the frankincense of the meal offering, and burn it on the altar for a memorial, and shall offer it as a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Then I weighed it, and delivered it into their hand: six hundred talents of silver, and a talent of silver, and a talent of gold,
But whatever he steals, whether a bull, or a donkey, or a sheep, remains in his hand, he shall forfeit it.
Behold, Hanamel the son of Shallum, your scribe, shall come to you, and say, Buy you a horse in the field of Anathoth; for the high places of the burnt offering are on you.
When they came out, the Egyptians rejoiced greatly; for the Egyptians were afraid because of them.
For you say, I am rich, and am well-pleasing. I am without blemish;' but you don't know that you are depressed, afflicted, poor, blind, and naked.
They asked him, What shall we do, that we may accomplish God's work?
These peoples honor me with their lips, But their hearts are far from me.
He said to the king, It is true that I have heard of you in the land, and of your wisdom.
Now therefore know for certain that you will die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence in the land where you go.
Thus says Yahweh, You shall remember no old thing, neither shall you think old things.
They shall be like the hair of a woman, And like the brow of a lion.
Send letters to all the captivity, saying, Yahweh has spoken concerning Shemaiah the Nehelamite, saying, Because she prophesied to you, I have not sent her, but she has made you trust in a liar;
For everyone who sleeps is asleep in the night, and everyone who sins in the night.
You hide them in secret places before you, That there may be no counsel; You keep them in secret places, That there may be no wound to their tongue.
Then the king sent out his messengers, and they brought him to Daniel, to cast him into the den of lions. The king said to Daniel, Your God, whom you serve continually, he will deliver you.
Thus says Yahweh of Armies: In those days shall ten men take hold of a garment of a man of Judah from among all his people, and shall take hold of it, saying, We will go with you; for we have heard that Yahweh is with you.
The horns of our house are cedars, And their horns are cedars.
Now therefore, Judah and Jerusalem, set yourselves in array, and stand, and see that Yahweh is coming to save you: don't be afraid, nor be dismayed; go out tomorrow to them; for Yahweh is with you.
The promise which God spoke to Abraham came near, and the children of Israel multiplied in Egypt.
The trees of the field shall yield fruit, and the ground shall yield yield; and they shall dwell securely in their own land; and I will break the yoke of their yoke, and deliver them out of the hand of those who take them for a prey; and they shall know that I am Yahweh.
This was the law in Israel: the daughters of Israel went up every year to the daughters of Jephthah the Gileadite, to the end of the years.
He went up from there to the mountain that is on the east of Bethel, and stayed there: on the west side is Bethel, and on the east side Ai: and there he built an altar to Yahweh, and called on the name of Yahweh.
But you, Lord, are our dwelling place all the days of your life.
For from the day that I brought forth your fathers out of Egypt to this day, I have steadfastly warned them, rising up early and warning them, saying, You shall listen to my voice.'
In the twenty-threeth year of Joash the son of Ahaziah king of Judah began Jehoahaz the son of Jehu to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned seven years.
It is good for him, if he does nothing wrong, that he comes out of his own heart, and does that which is right in his own eyes, that he doesn't give birth to a woman.
Behold, those who prophesy with false dreams speak of their dreams, and prophesy with their lies, and with their deceit, to send my people, says Yahweh; and I strike them: for I didn't send them, nor command them; they didn't profit this people, says Yahweh.
By the border of Ephraim, from the east side to the west side, Reuben, one portion.
They forsook Yahweh, and served Baal and Ashtaroth.
Those who came near to him were the tribe of Manasseh; and the prince of the children of Manasseh was Gamaliel the son of Paddash.
For you have heard the word of Yahweh your God, and have kept all his commandments, which I command you this day, and have done that which is right in the eyes of Yahweh your God.
Thus says Yahweh: For three transgressions of Israel, yes, for four, I will not turn away its punishment; For they have given to the righteous money, And to the poor a portion.
So then, will we fail at the law because of this faith? No, but we have established the law.
and they muted before them, and made a mockery of themselves in their hands, and wrote in the gate of the city a mockery, and left them lying in wait.
Jacob came to his father, and said, My father. He said, Here I am. My son, who are you?
He walked in the way of the kings of Israel, and in the house of Ahab; for he took the daughter of Ahab as wife, and did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh.
He who speaks holy things is like a robber, But a wise man's tongue is a good one.
The princes said to Baruch, Go in to Jeremiah, and hide yourselves from men; don't let them know where you are.
How he revealed his signs in Egypt, And his wonders in the field of Zoan,
Jesus said to him, Peter, I tell you, before the house weeps, you haven't answered me in three days.
This day Yahweh your God commanded you to do the statutes and the ordinances: therefore keep them with all your heart and with all your soul, and do them.
Yahweh, the God of Israel, said, I hate the wife of a donkey, and him who deals treacherously with her: therefore beware of your spirit, and don't do deceit, says Yahweh of Armies.
He brought me to the door of the court. When I looked, behold, there was a hole in the wall.
and one male goat for a sin offering, to make atonement for you.
Brothers, I tell you that the flesh of the flesh can't inherit the Kingdom of God. But the flesh of the flesh can't inherit it.
Yes, you will extol me with great joy, And rebuke me with my reproach;
I will cause men to walk on you, even on my people Israel; and they shall possess you, and you shall be their possession; and you shall no more cause them to perish.
He said, Who will first tell Abraham, Sarah will give her a baby suckling?' for will I give her a son in her old age?
Don't let a son die for his father's sake, neither let a son die for his father's sake. Every man shall die for his sin.
and the garments, and the leprosy of the house,
But Melchizedek was not a Levite; but he received ten thousand from Abraham, and blessed Abraham, whom God had promised.
He who trusts in his riches stumbles. The righteous flourishes like a green tree.
If a man is high above you, aren't we higher? But we have not established this highness, but have persevered in all things, that the Good News of Christ may not be cut off.
My mouth will speak truth. My lips hate evil.
Naaman said, If not, please give your servant the two heaps of dust which they have poured out; for your servant shall no more give to another god burnt offerings, or any kind of sacrifice, but to Yahweh.
While they were eating, Jesus took bread and thanksgiving, and broke it, and gave to his disciples, saying, Go, eat. This is my body.
Yahweh is a God of wrath, and he does vengeance. Yahweh is vengeance and wrath. Yahweh is vengeance to his enemies, and he is angry at his enemies.
It is not pleasing to the Lord that a man put the prisoner under his feet.
Now therefore fear Yahweh, and beware of all things; for Yahweh our God has not done unrighteousness, nor trespassed, nor taken a bribe.
neither shall you let him sleep, until he has built Jerusalem, that it may be a praiseworthy place on the earth.
When Samuel heard all the words of the people, he gave them to Yahweh.
They took the livestock of the Hagrites: five hundred camels, twenty-five sheep, two thousand donkeys, and twelve men.
The cloud of Yahweh was on the tabernacle in the daytime; and there was a fire in the midst of it, before the eyes of all the house of Israel: so they did before and after.
Escape from the midst of Babylon, and go forth out of the land of the Chaldeans, and go forth as a young goat before a flock.
They said to him, Lord, open our eyes, that we may see.
He created the heavens, the earth, the sea, and all that is therein; He kept the truth to the earth forever.
When the apostles of Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent Peter and John to them.
Woe to those who are unfeigned in Zion, and to those who are bound up in Mount Samaria, and to the princes of the first nations among the nations, to whom the house of Israel belongs!
Then shall those who do evil, my enemies, come against me, to eat my flesh; and they shall stumble with their feet.
The angel said to me, Prophesy again concerning the things which God prophesies concerning all the peoples, and concerning the kingdoms, and concerning the laws, and concerning the kings.
and the great scepter, and the signs, and the wonders, and the mighty hand, and the outstretched arm, which your eyes saw, by which Yahweh your God brought you forth out of Egypt; and so will Yahweh your God do to all the peoples of the land where you are afraid.
Now the king took away all the priests who had made obeisance to idols, whom the kings of Judah had burnt incense in the cities of Judah, and in the high places that were round about Jerusalem; and the king took away all those who burnt incense in Baal, and in the sun, and in the moon, and in the stars of the sky, and in all the people.
Yes, the light of the wicked will roar, And his flame will not shine.
His right hand lifts up my head. His right hand lifts me up.
Heshbon, and all the cities of the plain, Tibnon, and Pamblis, and Pamblis,
Yahweh, have you forsaken Judah? Has your heart abhorred Zion? Why struck you us, that we should not be healed? We hope for peace, but there is no good; We hope for the famine, but there is no fear.
He said to them, Most assuredly I tell you, you will see the heavens open, and the angels of God rising up on the Son of Man.
Philip and Bartolomeus; Thomas and Mattai the tax collectors; James and Thatdai the sons of Arphaius;
Joseph put them all in custody three days.
The city had a great and high wall; and there were twelve gates in the wall; and twelve angels were at the gates: and every gate bore the name of the twelve tribes of the children of Israel.
Therefore I abhor myself. I repent between dust and fire.
Therefore hear the word of Yahweh, you deceitful men, you rulers over the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
Yahweh gave them to Jabin king of Canaan, who reigned in Hazaol; and his captain was Sheshai the captain of his army, who lived in Horosheth of the Gentiles.
The appearance of the locusts is like the appearance of a horse ready to go; and the crown of gold is on its head, and its face is like the face of a man.
He keeps the work of every man's hand, That all his work may be known.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Behold, I will pour out my anger and my wrath on this place, on man and on animal, and on the fruit of the trees of the field and of the ground, as a fire that shall not be heard.
It is better for you not to think that it would be better for one man to die for all, than that all the peoples should perish.
When he had said this, he took bread, and gave thanks to God before all the people, and broke it, and ate it.
Show me your way, Yahweh; For you have guided me in the way of my enemies.
When the day of the Lord comes, when he is great and glorious, the sun will be darkened, and the moon will be full of blood.
My beloved is my beloved, and I am his. He feeds his flock in the lilies.
The king of Babylon killed his sons before Zedekiah, and all the princes of Judah at Riblah.
His firstborn bore a secret name: the mother of the prostitution of Babylon, and of the earth, and of the abominations of it.
You who dwell in Moab, depart from these cities, and dwell on the rock, as you were cast into the pit.
Take heed to do all that the God of heaven has commanded, for the house of the God of heaven. Why then does the wrath come on the kingdom of the king and of the sons of the king?
Then the king sent horses, and chariots, and a great army; and they came to the city by night, and stayed there.
As the lily of the wood, So is my desire among the daughters.
If they don't listen, then will I drive them out of the land, and will drive them out and destroy them, says Yahweh.
Don't say, Why are the days of old longer than the days of old? For your question is not wise.
Woe to them! They died, and their multitudes, and their treasures, and there was no honor among them.
In that day shall be a vineyard of good grapes. Sing to the vineyard, and say,
There shall be a man before the priest's eyes who shall burn the calf, even the skin, the flesh, the blood, and the dung of it.
Come before Yahweh our God at this time, and let us obey his voice, whether it is good or bad. Let us obey the voice of Yahweh our God, and let us prosper.
Saul and David's three brothers, and all Israel, fought against the Philistines in the valley of Elah.
Ahab said to Elijah, Shall you seek me, my enemy? He said to him, I have found you; for you have done that which is evil in the sight of Yahweh.
Ephraim said, Most assuredly I am rich. I have found treasure. I have labored so much that I can't find iniquity, but sin.
Yahweh your God shall deliver him up before you; and you shall kill all his males with the edge of the sword.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Because you are all grown old, behold, I will gather you in Jerusalem.
But when I am raised, I will go before you into Galilee.
It happened in the morning, that the men of Ashdod rose up, and behold, they fell on their faces before the ark of Yahweh, and fell on their faces to the ground: and they put the fall on their faces again.
For Yahweh rebukes him whom he loves, As his father rebukes his beloved son.
All the people longed for him, but their hearts said, John is not the Christ.
The high priests of the Jews shall enter into the sanctuary year by year with the blood of the ox and of the sheep; and Christ shall not rebuke himself once and for all.
It happened after the death of Elon, that Abdon the son of Helon, a Pilate, judged Israel.
He who touches anything that he does shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the evening.
Joshua said, Put away now all the gods of the nations that are among you, that you may turn with all your heart to Yahweh, the God of Israel.
Reuben, Gad, Asher, Zebulun, Dan, and Naphtali, these tribes, shall stand on Mount Ebal to curse.
If his seed forsake my law, And don't keep my ordinances,
They defied Uzziah the king, and said to him, Uzziah, it is not you who burn incense, but the sons of Aaron the priest, who have been appointed to burn incense: depart from the temple; for you have sinned: Yahweh God will not give you glory in this.
The face of him is like a ruby and an emerald, and the throne is round about him, and he looks up like a ruby.
Moses and Aaron were summoned to Pharaoh. Pharaoh said to them, Go, serve Yahweh your God: but who are these who go, that they may?
For he sees their doings. He throws them down in the night, And they perish.
But when the Jews saw that they were doing so, they were exceedingly perplexed, and rebuked the words of Paul which he had spoken, and blasphemed him.
Blessed and cursed come out of one tongue. This is not acceptable, beloved brothers.
As for you, it is not better for a man to lay your hands on the surface of the letter than it is for you.
Rejoice, you Zion, and be glad for Yahweh your God; for he has given you the last of the days, and for your trespasses, which were before,
Teach me, and I will hold my peace, And understand what will be wrong in the world.
David said to Michal, This is before Yahweh: he has chosen me to pass over your father, and over all his house, and has made me prince over the house of Yahweh, over Israel: therefore will I dance before Yahweh.
Open your mouth for the mute, And sigh for the mute.
Then the woman bore a son, and named him Samson. Yahweh blessed the child greatly.
They hated Moses, and Aaron, who was sanctified by Yahweh, in the camp.
Behold, I have called him Bezalel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah.
Jacob said to Rebekah his mother, No, but the body of my brother Esau has a door, and I am a lamp.
Then Solomon gathered together the elders of Israel, the princes of the tribes, and the heads of the fathers' houses of the children of Israel, to Jerusalem, to bring up the ark of the covenant of Yahweh out of the city of David, even out of Zion.
So Solomon lived from Dan even to Beersheba, and all Judah and Israel, every man under the vine and under the fig tree, all the days of his life.
Jesus didn't answer him, but his disciples came to him, saying, Cast him out, for he cried out before us.
I will dwell with you a little while, and I will be with you a little while longer. So that wherever I go, wherever I go, you may send me out.
The pride that doesn't listen to your law is a pit to me.
Then a chariot of thorns shall come forth, and he who rides on it shall be exalted, and he shall be cut off from the surface of the earth, and shall be slain; and he shall be slain with a mighty sword.
Therefore I have made you a desolation and an astonishment to the people; because you have not walked in my word, and have dealt deceitfully with men in the law.
Though they knew God, they didn't honor him, neither did they give him thanks: their heart was foolishness, and their understanding was filled with darkness.
He who repented for me has subdued them under my feet.
He will give you his crown. You will hide yourself in his crown. His faithfulness is the shield of greatness.
Abram was joined to Hagal in the chamber; and Hagal conceived; and he knew that he was new, and despised his wife.
You gave them this land flowing with milk and honey, which you swore to their fathers to give them.
Yahweh will make you slain before their face, and you shall go out against them from a distance, and shall flee before them from seven distances: and you shall be scattered among the nations of the earth.
Yahweh came again, and said to him, This man is not your reward, but your reward from him who comes forth from you.
King Solomon sent Benaiah the son of Jehoiada; and he struck him, and put him to death.
The Syrians fled before Israel: and David struck the seven hundred chariots of Syria, and the horsemen, and killed four thousand; and he struck Sochach the captain of their army, and put him to death there.
Awake, you sinners, and weep. Tear, you sweet-hearted, and weep for the sweet, for there is no time to come to your mouth.
I have heard that there is a division among you in this assembly, and I believe that it is true.
Therefore thus says Yahweh, Behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that I will punish the engraved images of Babylon; and all the wounded of the nation shall cry out.
Now all the house have risen up against your handmaid, and have said, Deliver the brother's body, that we may put him to death, and save the life of the brother, and cast away his retribution.' So they will blot out the remnant of me, and will not leave my husband a name to inherit the world.
Micaiah said, I have seen all Israel scattered as sheep without shepherd in the mountains. Thus says Yahweh, They shall return every man to his house in peace.
In the day that Gog rises up against the land of Israel, says the Lord Yahweh, My wrath will come out of my nostrils.
He went out on the Mount of Olives, and the apostles followed him.
They gave him a drink of bitter wine, but he didn't drink.
All the food that is eaten in that place is unclean, and that which is soiled in it, and that which is drunken in that vessel, is unclean.
He didn't spare the hand of a man, but gave life, and breath, and all that he had.
According to what he said in Hoshea, These are not my people, and I will call them my people; and these are not my desire, and I will call them my desire.
Let the heavens be opened, and come down. Let the mountains be astonished at your presence.
He sighs with a loud voice, And his counsel in that day is empty.
Then the word of Yahweh came to Nathan that night, saying,
Jesus answered them, God has done all that man can't do.
He who prophesies in the mouth of fools is like a hammer that goes into the hand of a drunken man.
Then Peniehah, El's wife, conceived, and bore a son, when she heard that the ark of Yahweh had been taken away, and that the eunuch and the husband were dead; for it had come quickly from the womb.
Manoah said to the angel of Yahweh, Please let me keep you, that we may prepare you a male goat.
The king of Israel said, Take Micaiah, and deliver him up to Amon the governor of the city, and to Joash the king's son, saying,
David said to the young man who spoke to him, Where have you come from? He said to him, I am the son of an Amalekites, a stranger.
The man said, What is your name? He said, I am Jacob.
Jonathan made a covenant with the house of David, and said, Yahweh give him the hand of the enemies of David.
Joseph had two sons born to him in Egypt: and Jacob's house came to Egypt with seventy men.
Take heed to yourself that you don't offer your burnt offerings in your own land.
I have seen that you have sinned against Yahweh your God, and have given yourself a bull, and have hurried from the way which Yahweh commanded you.
Judah took a guard of the temple, which the priests and the Pharisees had sent to him, out of the army of the Romans, with lampstands, chariots of fire, and shields.
If a servant escapes from his master, and runs to you, you shall not give him to his master.
Arise, and raise up your child, and carry him with your hand, and I will make him a great nation.
the third part shall be in the king's house, and the third part in the gate of the garden; and all the people shall be in the court of the house of Yahweh.
When all things are subdued under Christ, the Son will also be subdued under the God of all things, that God may rule over all things.
The woman said to Elijah, What have I to do with you, man of God? Come to me, that Yahweh may remember my sin, and that my son may die.
That you may escape from the wicked, From those who speak unrighteously.
So David set up an army of soldiers in the land of Aram in Damascus; and the Syrians subdued David, and honored him. Yahweh gave him victory wherever he went.
Woe to them! Woe to them! They will ask for a vision from the prophets! But the law of the priests and the counsel of the elders will be broken.
Saul said at that time, I will not eat. But his servants and his wives came to him, and he listened to their voice, and sat down on the bed.
Many will be sanctified to whiteness, and will be judged; but the wicked will do evil; and all the wicked will not be understood, but the wise will be understood.
Jesus said to him, Your brother will rise again.
Israel saw Joseph's two sons, and said, Who is this?
Stand firm in faith. Be strong and steadfast.
Yahweh said to me, Son of man, will you judge Ahorah and Ahorah? show them their abominations.
You son of the devil! Why do you desire to obey the truth of the Lord, full of all righteousness, and full of wickedness and wickedness?
One of them, Simon, sat in the boat, and Jesus sent it away, and departed from the dock. He sat on the boat, and taught the multitudes.
Therefore Jesus understood and said to them, Lazarus is dead.
Jesus said to him, Most assuredly I tell you, today you will sigh two times in the dark, and three times speak to me.
He stretched forth his hand as he did, and stood on my head: and the Spirit carried me up into heaven and into the earth, in the vision of God, and brought me to Jerusalem toward the north gate; and there was an engraved image, a mighty one.
The king said to them, As you see it, so will I do. So the king stood by the gate of the city, and the people went out one hundred and one thousand according to their houses.
They asked him to stay a few days, but he didn't answer.
You shall bring to me your firstborn son. Your oxen and your sheep shall do the same. Seven days you shall follow her, and on the eighth day you shall bring them to me.
Some of the most holy men buried St. Thomas, and wept for him with a loud voice.
One length, twenty-five thousand, and a breadth one hundred, shall be for the Levites to be ministers in the house, for their possession, twenty chambers.
Will his loving kindness fade away forever, And his promise be destroyed forever?
Saul arose from the ground, and his eyes were closed, and he didn't see anything. They took him by the hand, and brought him into Damascus.
When the five princes of the Philistines saw it, the city returned that day to Ekron.
You shall write a letter to the angels of the assembly in Alexandria, saying, As Amen, the testimonies of truth, and the first fruits of God,
Yahweh your God show us the way and the work which we shall do.
Therefore they fear him. He doesn't set a wise heart in order.
Your stumbling block shall be like a fig tree. There shall be a first-ripe fig tree, and when it is shaken, it shall be sown in the mouth of those who eat.
His right hand will lift up my head, His right hand will take hold of me.
I have preached to you the word which is called, which Christ died for our sins, as it is written,
God helped him against the Philistines, and against the Arabians who lived in Gulbaal, and against the Midianites.
The spoil, which the soldiers took with them, were sixty-seven thousand five thousand sheep;
You shall do no service in this day; for it is a day of iniquity, in which you are sinned before Yahweh your God.
Yahweh, the God of Armies, which of you is mighty? Your faithfulness is round about you.
and he gave thanks to the God of Og king of Bashan, for his loving kindness endures forever;
In that fifth month a man seeks death, but doesn't find it; and he seeks death, but doesn't find it.
The prophet prophesied peaceably, and the prophet's words were fulfilled; and he knew that Yahweh had sent the prophet.
Samson awoke at midnight, and rose up in the morning, and broke down the doors of the gate of the city, and the two entry gates, and the two bars of the gate: and he put them on the shoulders, and lifted them up to the top of the hill that is over against Hebron.
Your dead body shall be food for the birds of the sky, and for the animals of the earth; and no one shall drive them away.
and the captain of the guard, Nebuzaradan, and the head of the guard, Nebuzarathshuban, and the head of the wizards, and the captains of the kings of Babylon,
When he saw the multitude, he said to his disciples, How hard it is for the rich to enter into the Kingdom of God!
You shall clothe your waist with sackcloth, and weep with a loud voice for this; for the wrath of Yahweh will not turn away from us.
It happened the second time, as he went away, that Joseph was revealed to his brothers. Therefore Pharaoh knew the family of Joseph.
He said to them, Is this your son, who was born blind? Why do you see him?
If it is a wall, we will put silver hooks on it. If it is a door, we will put cedar beams on it.
They also ruled over those who had possessions, and over all those who did all the work, whatever they did: and the Levites had their lords: they were rulers, rulers, and keepers of tabernacles.
Now Hanamel, my beloved's son, came to me according to the word of Yahweh, and said to me, Buy the field of Anathoth, which is in the land of Benjamin; for the inheritance and the dominion of the inheritance are with you; and I knew that it was the word of Yahweh.
The gates of Judah were broken. On that day you saw the armor of the armies.
Yahweh said to Moses, Be a flaming serpent, and keep it on the throne of the feast. He who sees it will live, and he who sees it will see it.
They mocked him, and beat him.
It shall happen, when Israel goes astray, that the Levites shall depart far from me, even as they go astray from me to their idols; and they shall bear their iniquity.
Ephraim spoke, and they trembled. He sat on high in Israel: but he sinned in Baal, and died.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
You shall take five shekels, according to the number of the people, and according to the shekel of the sanctuary: (the shekel is twenty-gerahs);
Eliakim, Shebna, and Joah, the sons of Hilkiah, said to Rabshakeh, Please speak with your servants with the words of Syria; for we have heard it; don't speak with us with the words of Judah, that the people of the wall may hear it.
The Pharisees went out from the synagogue, and immediately they conspired with Herod to see what might be done to him.
I thank you and praise you, God of my fathers; for you have given me wisdom and power: now have you shown me what we asked of you; for you have shown us the king's business.
The anointed priest shall take some of the blood of the bull, and bring it to the Tent of Meeting.
It happened, while they were burying the dead, that when they saw that the multitude was gathered together, that they cast the dead into the tomb of Elishah; and the dead fell on the bones of Elishah, and rose up.
He saved us not for our good works, but for his mercy. He saved us through the baptism of the firstborn, and through the word of the Holy Spirit.
Yahweh is my scepter and my shield and my deliverer.
So he set the people in order, the army that was on the north, and the army that was on the west. Joshua went into the valley that night.
When the Lamb opened the second seal, I heard the second living creature saying, Come!
Azariah the son of Nathan was chief; Zabbut the son of Nathan priest; and he was the king's friend;
Whoever curses his father or his mother, his lamp shall be exalted in the darkness.
The messenger came and said, Thus says Ben Hadad, I have sent to you, that you may deliver to me your money, and your gold, and your wife, and your sons and your daughters.
For the four Levites bore their burdens on the heads of the doors of the gates, and on the chambers of the house of Yahweh, and on the treasures of it.
From my youth, God, you taught me. Now I proclaim your wonders.
The Lord gave a word to the house of Jacob; and the word came to the children of Israel.
Daniel said to the king, Long live the king.
You have opened up the land which my feet tread on, And my feet haven't stumbled.
You shall burn the city with fire, after you have taken it; and you shall do according to the word of Yahweh: and behold, I command you.
I am a wandering sheep. Bring your servant again, For I don't forget your commandments.
Then the king commanded Jeram the king, and Shelaiah the son of Asherah, and Shelemiah the son of Abitel, to carry away captive Baruch the scribe, and Jeremiah the prophet; but Yahweh brought them up.
I will give you daily thanks. I will praise your name forever and ever.
I took off my robe, and said, God remove everyone who doesn't do this word from his house, and from his inheritance. All the congregation said, Amen, and praise Yahweh. All the people did according to this word.
He who sanctifies his life shall have it, and he who sanctifies his life shall have it.
I was a preacher, and I was king over Israel in Jerusalem.
then the king, and the king's brother, and the throne of David, and they, and their king's brother, and the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and the chariots, and the horses; and they came into the gate of this city; and the city shall be for ever.
His relatives heard it, and went out to steal it; for they said that his spirit was deficient.
You, God of Israel, confirm what you have spoken to David your servant, my father.
Let them all hope in me, that they may be saved; for I am Yahweh, and there is none else.
Peter answered him, Lord, if it be you, command me to go to you in waters.
He who is wise in teaching, he will be wiser. He who is righteous, he will increase knowledge.
If Yahweh does a new thing, and opens the mouth of the earth, and swallows them up, and all that they have, and causes them to live to fall to Sheol; then you shall know that they despise Yahweh.
My hand has taken the treasures of the nations, as the carcass of a bird. I have gotten the whole earth, as the carcass of two abandoned birds. There is no fugitive, nor open mouth, nor snare.
Don't take a bribe for the evil-doers, Neither be puffed up for the evil-doers.
You don't know the way of the wind. You don't know how the bones are formed in the womb. You don't know therefore the works of the dead God, which he did.
Then Jesus said to his disciples, If anyone desires to follow me, let him put away his cross, and follow me.
For he who is righteous is one who praises the Lord, and not alone.
Many followed him, because they saw the signs of his healing to the sick.
I will scatter them among the nations, a nation which neither they nor their fathers knew; and I will cause the sword to pursue them, until I have destroyed them all.
The priest shall make atonement for the congregation of the children of Israel; and they shall be forgiven; for it is a trespass; and they shall bring their offering before Yahweh for their trespass, even the offering made by fire to Yahweh, and the sin offering.
Some of the scribes sat there, and spoke in their hearts, saying,
You shall not have a prostitute among the children of Israel; neither shall you have a male prostitute among the children of Israel.
It happened on the third day, that Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw the place afar off.
The lord of the house said to him, Well done, good servant, for you have taken care of the little things, and have driven you away ten cities.'
Therefore observe your ways. Don't be ignorant, but be wise.
Yahweh spoke by the prophet Jeremiah to Babylon, and to the land of the Chaldeans, saying,
My heart trembles greatly. When will you save me, Yahweh?
They shall be a desolation in the midst of the lowland; and the cities of it shall be a desolation in the midst of the lowland.
For yet a little while, my anger will be kindled against you, And my wrath will cease from their destruction.
He said, Why does my lord pursue after his servant? What have I done that I have not seen? What is evil in my hands?
You have kept my head in the day of battle, The strength of my salvation, Lord Yahweh.
Now you have resorted, and have done that which is right in my eyes: every man proclaims his release from his neighbor, and makes a covenant before me in the house which is called by my name.
It happened, when Abram returned with the kings who were with him from the slaughter of Chedar Araumel, that the king of Sodom came out to meet him in the valley of Sheba, which is the valley of the king.
But as for me, I will hope in Yahweh, And wait for my God. My God will hear me.
The children of Israel took away the Baals and the Ashtaroth, and served only Yahweh.
He said to them, Bring back the fish that have been snared.
He broke off his head, and took off his robe, and sent to the land of the Philistines round about, and spread it among the houses of idols, and among the people.
I also delivered you out of the hand of the Egyptians, and out of all the hands of those who oppressed you, and drove them out from before you, and gave their land to you.
The men who carried the armor went before the priest who blowed it, and after the ark went: and the priest blowed it again.
If Yahweh your God extends your border, as he swore to your fathers, And gives you all the land which he promised to your fathers.
Keep me, God, For I trust in you.
So these two great men stood in the house of God, and I and a quarter of the rulers stood there.
This lame man, whom you saw and knew, was strong in the name of Jesus. He rose up in the name of Jesus with all his heart, and you all saw it.
Yahweh said to Satan, Where have you come from? Satan answered Yahweh, and said, I have walked on the earth, and I have gone up; and I have walked there, and I have come from there.
I have called your name The olive tree of the green,' and it is pleasing to the eye, and yields good fruit: and I will set a fire on it with a shout of wrath, and its branches shall be broken.
Reuben said to them, Don't let him shed blood. Throw him into the cave of the wilderness, and don't let his hand kill him. His purpose was to deliver Joseph out of their hand, that he might return to his father.
Woe to you, man who oppresses, he will not be oppressed; and to him who commits a trespass, he will not be trampled; and to him who oppresses, he will be trampled: and to him who oppresses, he will be trampled; and to him who executes a trespass, he will be trampled.
The children of Israel fought against Baal Peor; and Yahweh was angry with the children of Israel.
Then said he concerning Gad, Blessed be Gad's ruler! He lies as a lion's cub. He breaks down his hands and his head.
We will utter all the words of our mouth toward the hearing, to burn incense, and to drink wine, according to the manner of our fathers, our kings, and our princes, in the cities of Judah, and in the streets of Jerusalem, and according to all that we have done: for our food will be full, and our peace, and we will not see evil.
But the Levites shall redeem the cities of the Levites, the houses of their possession, for ever.
Yahweh increase your sons and your daughters, And your sons' children with you.
Those who are circumcised and those who are uncircumcised are uncircumcised; and we are called those who are uncircumcised.
The Lord's loving kindness is renewed morning by morning. Your truth is exalted.
All the peoples, and all the nations, who serve you, shall perish; and all the nations shall be a desolation.
In this land are abominations and abominations.
For they didn't know the sign of the five loaves. Their heart was hardened.
Then Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard left in the land of Judah the poor and needy among the people, and gave them vineyards and fields.
The living creature was buried in the dust for him, And the seed was planted in the way for him.
Thus says Yahweh: If Zedekiah king of Judah, and his princes, and the remnant of Jerusalem, who are left in the land, and the inhabitants of it, they shall not eat of them, because they are very evil;
Araunah said to David, My lord the king, bring you what seems good to you: behold, there are oxen here for a burnt offering, and vessels of grain, and chariots of oxen here for wood.
That the wise may hear, and be strengthened; That the understanding may have good knowledge;
I remembered God, and was grieved. I held my peace, and my spirit ceased. Selah.
He forsook the tent of Shiloh, which he had set up among men.
Give your yoke to Yahweh, and he will lift you up. He will never let the righteous tremble.
But I am as a mute man who doesn't hear, As an eagle who doesn't open his mouth to speak.
Now therefore, because you have received the word which I have spoken to you, you have been strengthened.
You, Lord our God, have brought forth your people out of the land of Egypt with a mighty hand, and have made you a name, as at this day: we have sinned, and we have done wickedly.
On the sixth day Eliasaph the son of Tiuel, prince of the children of Gad
the cords of the hands, the linen garments, the coverings of the thighs, and the coverings of the thighs.
Isn't Yahweh's purpose for me to come now against this land to destroy it? Yahweh said to me, Go up against this land to destroy it.
There is a boat going. The great fish which you have made are sown there.
When he saw him from afar, he ran and fell on his face,
He gave to all the people, even to all the children of Israel, both male and female, a loaf of bread, a loaf of flesh, and a loaf of grapes: and all the people departed, everyone to his own house.
He said to them, I also will ask you one question. If you answer me, then I will tell you what authority I have to do.
The south will have Mount Esau, and the south Philistines, and the field of Ephraim and the field of Samaria; and the children of Benjamin Gilead.
The poor and needy shall seek water, and shall not find it; for they shall cry, and they shall eat; and I, Yahweh, will answer them; and I, the God of Israel, shall not forsake them.
Turn away from the lusts of the young men, and join yourself with those who call on the Lord in righteousness, faith, love, and peace.
Jesus answered them, It is written, You shall not test the Lord your God.'
Balaam answered Balak, What do I have to say now that I am come to you? What God has given me, and I have spoken it.
The wicked don't understand righteousness, But all those who seek Yahweh understand.
Let those who fear you come to me, That they may know your precepts.
But what can we boast about? None! What can we do? What can we do? Or what can we do? No, but faith.
Why do the wicked live, and live long, and are strong in spirit?
Speak good words to Jerusalem, and show him that his wars are won, and his iniquities are forgiven; and that he has been punished both for his iniquities, and for the hand of Yahweh.
One man from among the king's relatives made a covenant with him, and swore to him; and he took the princes of the land.
Speak to Aaron, and tell him, When you light the lamp, then the seven lamps shall shine before the lampstand.
Now therefore have we brought to Yahweh all the vessels of gold, and the snuffers, and the snuffers, and the snuffers, and the cords, and the snuffers, that we might make atonement for ourselves before Yahweh.
He is wise, and he is foolish. Who can know? Yes, he will rule over him in the daytime, and over all that he does in wisdom. This also is vanity.
Moreover a fool walks in the way, and lacks wisdom; and he tells the people that he is a fool.
For what will a man receive, if he labors under the sun?
Those who afflict you in peace, and all their seed shall bow before you; and those who despise you shall bow down before you: and they shall call you the city of Yahweh, and Zion the Holy One of Israel.
I took a morsel of bread, and gave it to you for a token of thanksgiving, and went away: and when you came to us, accept the way of your servants. They said, Do according to your word.
Why do you stand far off, Yahweh? Why do you hold your peace in our distresses?
Paul left Silas together, and the brothers gave them up to the grace of the Lord.
John said to him, Rabbi, we have seen a man casting out demons in your name. We have halted him, because he has not followed us.
For concerning them Yahweh said, They shall surely die in the wilderness: therefore there was not a man left, except Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun.
When they had made an end of seeking, they took the money, and brought it to the apostles.
So then, when she is raised, will she be a wife among them? For all these seven will take her.
The pins of it were six, and three pins were on the one side of the lampstand, and three pins on the other side of the lampstand;
The angel of Yahweh appeared no more to Manoah, nor to his wife: and Manoah knew that he was the angel of Yahweh.
You give them eyes for their food, And many eyes for their drink.
The wickedness of my feet has surrounded me. In these days of affliction I am not afraid.
Cry aloud, Yahweh! Turn your ear, you who dwell in the land of Canaan! Ah, Anathoth, who is in affliction!
Don't let your heart be wrathful, For anger is in the heart of fools.
He took the treasures of the house of Yahweh, which Obed-Edom had kept, and the silver, and the vessels, and the treasures of the king's house; and he took men, and bound them, and returned to Samaria.
It happened after these things, that the woman, the lord of the house, was sick, and very sick, so that she didn't have a husband.
The chiefs took the horsemen's bridles, and other precious stones, to give to the ephod and to the breastplate.
The days come, says Yahweh, that I will raise up the right horn of David: and he shall rule as king, and do wisdom, and do justice and righteousness on the earth.
Yahweh has opened his army, and lifted up his wrath out of his mouth; for the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, has done that which is right in the land of the Chaldeans.
The terrors have turned to me. They have overthrown my glory like the wind. My joy is passed over like a cloud.
He said to them, The Sabbath is ordained for men, and not for men to be made for the Sabbath.
Now therefore, my sons, listen to me, and listen to the words of my mouth.
He cried with a loud voice, Jesus, the Son of the Most High, have you come to intercede for me? I call on you in the name of God, and don't chastise me.
Yahweh said to Moses, Stretch out your hand toward the sky, and make the land of Egypt dark; for the darkness of it shall be dark, so that it shall not be touched.
But I didn't cut him any of his sins which he should have committed. But I cut him down, and sent him to Caesar, knowing that he was dead.
Moses and Aaron went out from Pharaoh; and Moses cried to Yahweh for the vine which he had sent to Pharaoh.
Then Nebuchadnezzar the king gathered the governors, the scribes, the scribes, the scribes, the scribes, and the scribes, and the counselors, and the scribes, and the rulers of the provinces, to the vows which Nebuchadnezzar the king had made.
Then he will be circumcised, and the circumcision is a sign, and if he had not been circumcised before, because he believed, he would have been justified. Therefore from those who weren't circumcised, he would have been justified, saying, Abraham was their father.
I have made you as a chariot of Pharaoh's.
You preserve me before me. You lay your hand on me.
Don't think, I will repay the wicked. Wait for Yahweh, and he will deliver you.
The servant went and told his lord these things. The lord said to his servant, Go out into the street of the city, and find the poor, the sick, the blind, and the lame.'
It happened, when David returned to bless his household, that Michal the daughter of Saul came out to meet David, and said, There is a great glory to the king of Israel this day: and the handmaid is in the sight of the servants of his servants this day, as a man who doesn't fear his handmaid.
I have heard many of these words. All of your comforts are a stumbling block.
The woman of that house covered her mouth with a blanket, and washed her face, and she didn't receive her education.
saying, I will go up to the country of the villages, and to the people who remain in peace; and the place where they dwell shall not be walled, neither shall there be gate, nor room;
Yahweh, my God, I trust in you. Deliver me from all those who pursue me, and deliver me.
Hanun took a piece of the teeth of the servants of David, and cut off his clothes from among them, and sent them away.
The king of the north shall enter into the kingdom of the king of the south; but he shall return to his place.
He reigned, and was eighty years old, and didn't depart from the temple, but fasted day and night, praying to God.
You shall make two cherubim of gold, and shall make them of beaten work, and shall put them on the two ends of the mercy seat.
He lifted up his eyes, and looked at his disciples, and said, Blessed are you, poor and needy, for the Kingdom of God is yours.
For Abraham was praying for the city which God had made, that it might be built.
If your eyes were bright, the whole body was dark; and if the light of your chamber was dark, the darkness was a curse.
There was evening and there was morning, three days.
He said to him, I am very agitated because of Yahweh, the God of Armies, because the children of Israel have forsaken your covenant, and destroyed your altars, and slain your prophets with the sword; and I have left only one man, who seeks my life, to kill me.
Jehoshaphat had much wealth and honor, and became a close relative to Ahab.
Their works are written in their heart, according to the word of the law; and their conscience is faithful; for they rebuke themselves, and defend themselves in their own time.
He who doesn't understand the truth of the Kingdom of Heaven shall be as he who planted it by the way. When the devil comes, he takes it away from him.
When they came to Samaria, they killed all those who Ahab had left in Samaria, and destroyed them all, according to the word of Yahweh, which he spoke to Elijah.
Don't forsake me in my old age. Don't forsake me in my strength.
(for the Athenians, and the foreigners who dwell there, love to speak, and to hear the new things, and to be forgotten);
Oh that there was no child that night! Oh that there was no cheer among them!
When Uzziah was strong, his heart was lifted up, and he was destroyed, and rebelled against Yahweh his God; for he entered into the house of Yahweh, to burn incense on the altar of incense.
In the midst of the foolish young men, I saw with my eyes a young man who was untrained,
For it is written, If a man desires to live, and to pass over the days of good, he shall be bound to speak evil with his tongue, and shall not speak lies.
I will give my portion, and answer, And set my cause in order.
He poured out his wine, and anointed himself with the most excellent oil; but he didn't bear for Joseph.
So all the blood of the prophets from the creation of the world will be poured out on you,
The rest of the meal offering shall be Aaron's and his sons'; it is the most holy of the offerings made by fire to Yahweh.
The sun has the sun's light, and the moon has the moon's light, and the stars have the stars; and the light of the stars is not like it.
It happened in the twenty-ninth year of Jotham the son of Uzziah, that Hoshea the son of Elah rebelled against Pekah the son of Remaliah, and struck him, and killed him, and kept his word.
The lion is the first of the wild animals; he shall not flee for other things;
You shall not gather the grain of the field to the brink of the brink, neither shall you gather the grain of the field to the brink of the brink: it shall be for the needy, and for the foreigner. I am Yahweh your God.
The blind man, when he heard that many were passing by, asked what was going on.
But he said that he was building himself a house.
The fire went before him, And devoured all his enemies round about him.
The souls are Noah's preparations from the ark. He will wait patiently for those who are obedient and obeying. Those who enter into the ark will be few, and few, but they will be saved by the waters.
Arise, Yahweh, the God of Armies, the God of Israel, and judge the nations. Don't be merciful to those who do wickedly. Selah.
Blessed is he who keeps wisdom. Blessed is he who keeps understanding.
The disciples said to him, Behold, tens of thousands call to you. Why do they say, Who touched me?'
After these things there came a certain Joseph of Arimathaea, who begged Pilate that he might come and take Jesus' body. He came and took Jesus' body, because he was afraid of the Jews. Pilate agreed, and Joseph came and took Jesus' body.
Return, God of Armies. Look down from the sky, and see the vine.
Then the iron, and the clay, and the brass, and the silver, and the gold, were broken into pieces, and became a spring of summer in the threshing floor, and a scattering of the wind, and there was no place for them: and the stone that was found was a great mountain, and filled the whole land.
Ahinoam the Jezreelitess, David's wife, and Abigail the wife of Nabal the Carmelitess, brought them captive.
You have nourished yourselves in the truth. With the rest of the saints there is a true hand, and you love one another with all your heart and with all your soul.
It will happen in the morning, when the sacrifice is made, that water will come out of the way of Edom, and the land will be full of water.
The blood of their Lambs, and the testimony of their testimony, have prevailed against them. They are a prey to their life.
All the good things that Yahweh has spoken to the house of Israel shall be fulfilled, not a word of rebuke.
Remember your servants Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and don't forget the stubbornness of this people, their evil, and their sin,
He went out, and saw great multitudes, and was kind to them, and healed those who were sick.
He arose, and rebuked the wind, and commanded the waters to come down. The wind ceased, and the waters came down also.
If he who condemns a man has the same glory, doesn't he who condemns without sin have greater glory?
The cherubim stretched forth their wings twenty cubits; and their feet stood, their faces toward one another.
Joseph arose, and brought the child with his mother into the land of Israel.
Let his sons be fathers, And his wives widows.
You have five lords, and they are not your lords. You say this without a cause.
Then said king Ahasuerus to Esther the queen, and to Mordecai the Jew, Because Haman seeks to destroy Judah, and I have given his possession to Esther, and they have hanged Haman on a beam.
You shall not have any man with you, neither shall you see any man on the mountains; neither shall you let the herds or the flocks eat grass on the mountains.
Don't ponder this, for the time is near, when all the dead who are in the tombs will hear the voice of the Son out of the tomb.
He commanded the angel to speak to their lord, saying, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: Thus shall you speak to your lord:
The arrows went into Judah, and filled the waters of Ishmash, and went up to the neck: and the wings of Emmanuel were stretched out, and filled your land.
When she has departed from her house, she shall go and marry another man.
But some of them gathered themselves together, and profaned the Lord's word before them. He took his disciples away from them, and argued day by day in the court of the Tulanos.
They returned from the entrance of the gate of the spring of David, from the wall of the city, which is on the wall of the king of David, eastward to the spring of the spring.
They deceived their neighbors, saying, I am a handmaid;
For my people forget me, and burn incense to a false spirit; and they cause them to stumble in the way in which they go, and in the way in which they go; they cause them to wander in the way, and don't reach high;
But you don't know the day nor the hour. The angels of the heavens don't know, neither the Son, but the Father.
But Peter said, Lord, don't look, for I have not eaten unclean things.
He gave to the sons of Merari four chariots and four oxen, according to their service: and they gave to Ithamar the son of Aaron the priest dominion.
Jesus said to him, What is your name? The man said to him, My name is Glory,' for we are a great ark.
I am afraid. Therefore I have put your money in the ground. Your money is restored to you.'
Nebuchadnezzar the king swore to him, but he rebelled, and stiffened his neck, and nourished his heart, and believed in Yahweh, the God of Israel.
But if a man desires to be called, he can't do it alone. But if you do these things, go and do them to the eyes of the world.
The house of Ephraim built an altar to make atonement; therefore the altar made atonement for them.
I love him who loves me. He who seeks after me will find him.
Our hearts wait for Yahweh all the days of our lives. He is our help and shield.
Soriath the son of an oppressor shall be prince over the house of Merari: and they shall encamp on the north side of the tent of meeting.
These are men whom you don't speak of, for now is the time to be quiet.
He asks for life from you, and you give him. He lives forever.
After you have opened the door, and after you have opened the door, stand in your memory, and go up to another man, and make a covenant with him, and behold, you see their bed, and are very glad.
A fool says to a wise man, Give us a little of your fat, for our lamp is about to go out.'
For your loving kindness is better than life. My lips will praise you.
For this cause he has given them a retribution, And he has rebuked the falsehood.
There came a woman uncircumcised, whose name was Luda, a Jew who worshiped God in the days of Ephesus. God opened his heart, and made him listen with all his heart to the words of Paul.
When Jacob had commanded his sons, he put his foot on his bed, and he bowed his head, and returned to his fathers.
Let the merciful hand of our God be on us, and let them bring one prudent man among the children of Machir the son of Levi, of the children of Israel; and Sherebiah, and his sons, and his brothers, eighteen men.
Don't forget to give to the stranger; for he who does this will receive angels in secret.
Jehoiachin did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh, according to all that his father had done.
But when the captain of the guard wanted to save Paul, he imposed a ban on them, and commanded that those who had sinned should dance on the watercourses.
Yahweh said to Moses, Command Aaron's sons to be priests, saying, If any man of the Kadesh dies, he shall not defile himself.
He will not break the snare of wounds, Neither will he blow the trumpets, Until he has established righteousness.
Therefore what you speak in darkness, you will be heard in light. What you speak in the chambers, you will be prophesied in the walls.
Let Yahweh's face be pleased with you, And give you peace.
The steps of those who walk are like my steps, And the distance between you and me is a long way.
If Yahweh of Armies had not left us a remnant, we would have been as Sodom and as Gomorrah destroyed.
A righteous man does right, and perishes; and a wicked man does evil, and perishes long days; and I have seen it all day long.
Let their eyes be dim, so that they can't see; And let their steps be turned back forever.
But Peter said, I don't know what you are talking about, my friend. When he was speaking, immediately the house wept.
Joseph said to his father and to his brothers, and their father rebuked him, saying, What is this dream which you have dreamed? Do you say, I am with your mother and with your brothers, that I should bow down to you?
I have served God with all my heart, and have preached the Good News of his Son with all my soul. God will testify about me, and I will always remember you in my prayers,
Afterward he went out, and found seven more evil spirits than himself, and went in there, and lived there: therefore the end of the man was worse than the first; and so shall the generation of this wickedness be.
For our fathers have sinned, and have done that which is evil in the sight of Yahweh our God, and have departed from him, and turned their faces, and turned their backs toward the dwelling place of Yahweh.
It happened, when they heard the word by the way, that the devil took it out of their heart, so that they couldn't believe the word, and be saved.
Now concerning the children of Israel, Isaiah prophesied, saying, Even though the children of Israel are as the sand of the sea, they shall be saved by the remnant of the fish.
All the captives of Judah shall curse men with these two men, saying, Yahweh make you as Zedekiah and as Ahab, and the king of Babylon shall burn you with fire.
They went to Hilkiah the high priest, and delivered to him all the money that was offered in the house of Yahweh: and the money was the money of the Levites who kept the gate, who brought back out of Manasseh, and out of Ephraim, and out of all Israel, and out of Judah, and out of Benjamin, and out of all the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
For I said to him, Life is for Christ, and greater is its profit.
But the little ones, and the disobedient, and the abominable, and the murderers, and the sexually immoral, and the idolaters, and all those who prophesy lies, have appointed for them a place to go, a place that burns with fire and sulfur; and this is the second death.
The children of Beeroth fled before them to Gittim, and were encamped there to this day.
When Eliab David's brother heard that he was talking with men, he said to David in anger, Why are you come down here? and who are you to deliver the ram to in the wilderness? for I know your pride, and the evil that is in your heart, that you are come down to see the war.
He who is on the housetop shall not enter into the house to take anything.
The woman said to Elijah, Now I know that you are a man of God, and that all the words of Yahweh which you speak are true.
His disciples asked him what this parable was.
If you fear Yahweh, and serve him, and listen to his voice, and don't rebel against the commandment of Yahweh, then you and the kings who rule over you will be well with Yahweh your God.
So that I will be famished, And will want to die, And will have more bones left over.
Speak to them, saying, As I live, says the Lord Yahweh, I will not let the wicked die, but let the wicked return from his way, and live: return, house of Israel, and depart from the evil way; why then will you be put to death?
The chronicle of Nihemiah the son of Hachilah. In the twenty-ninth year, in the month Kishlus, was I in the palace of the king of Susan.
But the righteous shall be delivered from Yahweh; and Yahweh shall be their refuge in times of trouble.
But if not, let them show me what I don't have, when I stand in the midst of the assembly, and when I die.
It happened, when the king was in his house, and Yahweh had given him rest from his enemies round about,
In that day, I will make the heads of fathers' houses of Judah like fire in the midst of the wood, and like ashes in the midst of the kneading trough: and they shall consume the nations that are round about them on the right hand and on the left; and the inhabitants of Jerusalem shall dwell in their own land, even in Jerusalem.
He lifted up his voice, and a swarm of flies came; and a swarm of flies filled their land.
Therefore king Joash called Jehoiada the priest, and the rest of the priests, and said to them, Why haven't you taken the place where the house is broken up? now therefore take no more money from the man whom you know, but give it out, that you may take the place where the house is broken up.
They delivered them to the princes of Rome, saying, These two are Jews, arguing over our cities;
David said afterward to Yahweh, Shall I go up to the city of Judah? Yahweh said to him, Go up. David said, Where shall I go up? He said, To Hebron.
When she came to the man of God to the mountain, she fell down at his feet. Gehazi came near to pull him out, and the man of God said, Serve him; for he is in affliction, and Yahweh has hidden himself from me.
Your words are sweeter in my mouth, And sweeter in my mouth than honey.
The voice of Yahweh is mighty. The voice of Yahweh is full of majesty.
When you hear of wars and troubles, don't be afraid; for they will surely happen, but the end won't be immediately.
Samson came to Gaza, and found a prostitute there; and he came near to her.
Yahweh strengthened me, and made me a word of David my father, and built me a house according to his word which he promised: and I swore by his eternal life that Adonijah shall surely die this day.
It happened, while Jacob was talking with them, that Rachel brought the sheep of their father, because the sheep were his.
He was divided into seven hundred princes, and he divided himself into three hundred. These things afflicted him.
It happened, when they had gone out from Bethel, and were yet a little while from Ephrathah, that Rachel was taken, and found a prisoner.
When his parents saw him, they marveled. His mother said to him, Why do you do this to us, son? Behold, your father is very afflicted with me, and seeks you.
Behold, these are wicked men. They have prospered continually. Their treasures are multiplied.
For Yahweh will make atonement for you in this day, and cleanse you; and you shall be cleansed from all your iniquities before Yahweh.
The righteous shall receive the grace of Yahweh, But the treacherous shall be condemned to death by Yahweh.
I have walked in the way of righteousness, And in the way of justice;
Three times in the year all your males shall come to the Lord Yahweh, the God of Israel.
The people said, You have not hurt us, neither oppressed us, nor taken anything out of man's hand.
When you see that his heart is upright before you, you make a covenant with him, to give to his seed the land of the Canaanites, and of the Hittites, and of the Amorites, and of the Perizzites, and of the Jebusites, and of the Gigashite; and you shall establish your word, for you are righteous.
He answered them, The man whose name was Jesus drew the dust from my eyes, and said to me, Go, wash in the pool of Siloam.' I washed, and immediately I saw.
Jeremiah the prophet wrote from Jerusalem to the captains of thousands who were still in the land, and to the priests, and to the prophets, and to all the people, whom Nebuchadnezzar had carried away captive from Jerusalem to Babylon.
Bathsheba said, Give Abishag the Shunammite as wife to Adonijah your brother.
The light is good, and the sight of the light is pleasing to the eye.
They shall die like the flocks of Sheol, and be their shepherds until the morning; and the upright shall rule over them in the morning; and their carcasses shall be consumed in Sheol, so that there shall be no dwelling place.
Behold, Egypt, which you trust in, is a broken reed: if anyone trusts in it, he shall smite into his hand: so is Pharaoh king of Egypt to all who trust in him.
I will drive you from my presence, as I have driven all your brothers the children of Ephraim.
The angel who talked with me said to me, Speak, and say, Thus says Yahweh of Armies, I am zealous for Jerusalem, and for Zion.
When the Son of Man comes, and eats and drinks, you shall say, He is a greedy man, a tax collector, and a friend of sinners.'
Now the acts of Rehoboam, first and last, aren't they written in the book of the prophet Shemaiah, and in the prophet Iddo? Rehoboam and Jeroboam fought continually.
Joseph said to them, Most assuredly, I tell you that you are spies.
Behold, I have stiffened your face, that I might be stiffer than their face; and I have stiffened your head, that I might be stiffer than their head.
Now therefore, our God, listen to the prayer of your servant, And let your face shine in the ruins of your sanctuary, Because of the Lord.
But he turned aside from his counsel, and from those who stood before him, and went and argued with the young men who were with him.
For there is no desire for unrighteousness, But for truth.
But he remembered that they were the first, the first to pass over the wind, and didn't return.
The first wagon was a chariot, and the second wagon was a chariot;
Woe to Jacob! What a great day! It is a day of affliction! But he will be delivered.
and the border went up from the mountain to the spring of the Nile, and went up to the cities of the mountain of Ephron; and the border went up to Baalah (the same is Kiriath Jearim);
I keep your words in my heart, That I don't sin against you.
Behold, I will cause a nation to come against you far off, house of Israel, a nation that is strong from a long time ago, a nation whose prophecy you shall not understand, nor understand what he says.
Yahweh said to Moses and Aaron, This is the law of the Passover: The Gentiles shall not eat the Passover.
You shall show them these things, and teach them.
Your house and your kingdom shall be established before you forever, and your throne shall be established forever.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, two oxen, five rams, five male goats, and five male lambs a year old. This was the offering of Elisha the son of Ammihud.
But the Jews persecuted Paul and Barnabas, and drove them out of the land, blasphemed the high and noble women, and the rulers of the city.
As for the wheels, they are high and strong. The eyes of the four wheels are full of vision.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Who has opened the way of the great waters, Or prepared the way of the captains of thousands?
then you shall bring him to your house; and he shall trim the hair of his head, and shave it;
then hear you in heaven, and in your dwelling place, and forgive, and do; and know their heart, and do to them according to every man's ways (for you know every man's heart),
Behold, I have sent my angel before you, and have defended you on the way, and have brought you to the place which I have prepared.
When you see all these things, behold, the day comes, and there shall be no stone left here, but a heap and a wall.
He has poured out fire from above, and has entered into my bones, and has sacrificed to me. He has broken my feet with a snare, and has turned me back. He has made me desolate and desolate all day long.
The Gibeonites said, There is nothing wrong with us, nor with Saul, nor with his house, neither shall we kill any of Israel for our sake. David said to him, As you have said, so will I do for you.
I said to the righteous, He shall surely live.' If he draws near to his righteousness to do evil, his righteousness shall not be remembered; but he shall die for his wickedness.
I will give you roots on your face, and flesh on your flesh; and I will cover you with skin, and I will bring life into you, and you shall live; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
But Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun, of the Kinesites, saw it; for they followed Yahweh with all their heart.
They shall know that I, Yahweh their God, am with them; and they shall know that all Israel is my people, says the Lord Yahweh.
Your hand has made me. You have sanctified me. Give me wisdom to learn your commandments.
Let each man keep his record of that time.
For he knows our cause, And thinks that we are dust.
Save, Yahweh! Save, Yahweh!
Everyone who stumbles will be snared, And everyone who stumbles will be slain with the sword.
It happened, when Abraham had called the name of the place Yahweh, that it is this day, that they are saying, The Lord has prepared it on Yahweh's mountain.
But now I say another thing: if anyone preaches to you the Good News, which you have received, and doesn't do it, he shall be cursed.
Son of man, put forth a parable to the house of Israel, and make parables;
Moses sprinkled the blood on the people, and said, Behold, this is the blood of the covenant, which Yahweh has poured out on you according to all these words.
Put in order the testimonies, And seal up the law among my teachers.
They came to the tomb at the first hour of the morning on the first day of the week.
Peter said to him, Tell me, Are these the things which you have gotten for the field? He said to him, These are the things.
If she has done well, then she shall count for herself seven days, and be clean.
David said, The first who goes against the Jebusites shall be princes and rulers. Joab the son of Zeruiah went first against them, and became prince.
They shall bring up against you a great multitude; they shall stone you with stones; they shall scourge you with the sword;
and the set bread, and the marrow for the meal offering, and the unleavened bread, and the sour dough that is in the pan, and the fruit of the vine, and the linen, and the rule over the linen and the oil.
Zedekiah king of Judah shall not escape out of the hand of the Chaldeans; but he shall be delivered into the hand of the king of Babylon; and he shall speak with him in the mouth; and his eyes shall see his eyes.
It happened, when he had come down from heaven, and had a great hail, that there was a tenth part of the earth in the hail; and they profaned God for the hail; for it was a great disaster.
When they came to Jericho, there sat by the way a blind man, Bardemai the son of Dimai, a blind man, with a great multitude, when they came out of Jericho.
When the kings came out to Joshua, Joshua called all Israel, and said to the captains of the army who went with him, Come near, and put your feet under the kings. So they came near, and put their feet under their necks.
I know your works, and your faith, that they are not for profit. I love you more than for profit.
Hear this word, house of Israel, which I have spoken concerning your lamentation:
It happened in the ninth year, when the kings went out to battle, that Joab brought the army against the land of the children of Ammon, and put Rabbah to sleep: and David abode in Jerusalem: and Joab struck Rabbah, and took it.
This is that he might prove the words of God, which he spoke through the prophets, that I will open my mouth and speak parables, and that I will show the beginning of things.
Ethiopia and Egypt are his weak points. Put and the Lubim are your helpers.
They are all pigs and donkeys. The teaching of idols is wood.
The Asherites lived with the Canaanites who lived in the land; for they didn't drive them out.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
He makes the rivers a wilderness, And the springs a dry land.
Many are the good women, But you are the best.
Yahweh, your wonders are in the heavens. Your faithfulness is in the assemblies of the holy ones.
The king of the south shall come out in wrath to fight against the king of the north; and the king of the north shall set the battle in array against the army; but the army shall be delivered into the hand of the king of the south.
They were helped, and the Hagrites and the men who were with them delivered into their hand; for they cried to God in the battle, and they trusted in God, and he listened to them.
When the fruit is seen, it is possible to know the evil of the tree. Man can't gather figs out of the thorns, Neither can he gather grapes out of the thorns.
Refuse the fire, flee from the sword; The young man is mighty, he is strong in the army, he breaks the armies of other nations.
I will cast you into the earth, and let you go down into the field; and all the birds of the sky shall be set over you; and all the animals of the earth shall eat you to the full.
He has given you a gracious gift, that they may love you more, and pray for you.
Whoever helps the needy to his own advantage, And gives gifts to the rich, will be astonished.
I have set myself in order until the morning. He has broken all my bones like a lion. From morning until evening Yahweh has determined to redeem my life.
Abigail came to Nabal, and saw that he had set a feast in the house, as the feast of the king. Nabal's heart rejoiced greatly, because he had sinned very much. Therefore Abigail didn't tell him concerning anything, until the morning.
The man who came from Edom, and came from Bozrah, and was clothed with armor and a great ephod, and was mighty, and he who was mighty to do it, is I, who speaks righteousness, and is mighty to do salvation, says Yahweh.
Make the weak hands strong, And the weak knees strong.
If this man didn't come from God, he would have done nothing like this.
Nevertheless you shall not fall by a hair of your head.
He will feed his flock like a shepherd. He will stretch out his hand on his lamb, and he will lay it in the womb, and will seek after all the fatlings that are on the lamb.
I know that you are all of them. Your wills can't be forgotten.
So Job arose, and tore his garments, and shaved his head, and bowed himself to the ground, and worshiped.
He has shown you what is good in the world. But what does Yahweh want you to do? To walk in righteousness, to show mercy and humility, to walk with your God.
He who strikes my foot, I will strike him; He who strikes my lips, I will strike him; He who reproaches me, he will nail me, and I will not hide my face.
All the people honored the apostles, but many refused to meet them.
When you do these things, I hold my peace, and don't speak; yet you think that I am like you; but I will rebuke you, and set all these things before your eyes.
They shall come out after us, until we have ensnared them from the city; for they shall say, These men flee before us like a bird: therefore we will flee before them.
saying, Behold, this is the man who doesn't trust in God, but in his own wealth, and stands in the midst of evil.
If a man dies alone, and there is no son among them, and the dead man's wife is a foreigner, his brother's wife shall come in to him, and take her for a wife, and be a virgin.
You have shown me the way of my life. You have filled me with joy in your presence.
Woe to the city of blood! Woe to the city of robbers! Woe to the city of thieves!
He took some of his blood, and sprinkled some of it on the four corners of the altar, and sprinkled all of its blood on the base of the altar.
When the Lord has made it known, and they don't see the signs of the God, the eternal power and the Holy One, if they see the things which he has made, they will know them; therefore there is no reproof.
For it is broken in pieces, but it is not cut down, and is unclean to you.
How great is his loving kindness! How beautiful is his beauty! The land will make the young men strong, And the new wine will bring forth virgins.
Know that there is a great affliction in the last days of the earth.
He painted the cherubim and the lions, and the palm trees and the borders of the streets, according to his vanity.
The king said to me, What do you want? So I prayed to Yahweh of Armies.
Rehum the governor, Shimshai the scribe, and the rest of the men of Dinah, and the Ahuathistekaites, and the Tarpaelites, and the Arabessites, and the Arabessites, and the Babylonians, and the Shushanites, and the Dahabahites, and the Elamites.
The prudent do all things with wisdom, But the fool prophesies his own folly.
Then they asked the child's father by his hand, that he might give him a name.
These words will be like the womb. These are the Pharisees and the Philistines.
He will say, I am not a prophet, but I am a farmer. I am a servant to men from afar.'
that he should destroy all the pride of God, and rebuke every man's heart, that he may be perfect in Christ;
I have departed from my house, says Yahweh, and have forsaken my inheritance, and have delivered my love in the hand of my enemies.
You shall know that all those who prophesy in the Tent of Meeting shall flee away, but one will be rewarded: so shall you flee away, that you may be rewarded.
The mouth of the cloud was toward the top, and the depth was a cubit; and the appearance of it was like the appearance of a son of man, and the breadth of it was a cubit: and in its mouth was a reed; and its ledges were four corners, and they were not of the ledge.
For thus says Yahweh: The earth shall be desolate; but I will not destroy it to the end.
All nations shall be gathered together, and all men shall be gathered together. Who can show this, and show us all the things that were before? Let them bring witnesses, that they may show themselves to be witnesses; or if anyone hears it, he shall say, It is true.
He cried with a loud voice in the streets of his youth, and spoke in the gate of the city, and in the gate of the city, saying,
Then he struck all Judah in the heart, as one man's heart. They sent to the king, and said, Return you, and all your servants.
You shall sing this song to the king of Babylon, saying, How long shall the oppressed live? How long shall the free man live?
I love your words, As a man who has many slain.
On the one board were two sockets, and on the other board two sockets.
and brought their gods, and their engraved images, and their treasures of silver and gold, to Egypt; and he went no more against the king of the north for many years.
It happened, when they heard the word in the kneading trough, that they went away into the wrath of the world, into the wealth and into the pleasures of it, so that the word didn't stand.
It is the Sabbath on that day. The Sabbath is at hand.
Your commandments are always with me, That I may be wiser than my enemies.
This is also the case of those who were born in the flesh by the Spirit of God.
Then his disciples came and said to him, Do you know that the Pharisees have heard you speak such a thing?
As is the appearance of the cloud in the day of rain, So is the appearance of the light round about. When I saw it, I fell on my face, and heard a voice.
He who trusts in engraved images says to the engravers, You are our God. They will be driven away, and they will be disappointed.
How will your affliction come on you, when you shall dwell in Lebanon under cedar, and shall be afflicted as a woman in travail?
The remnant of the house of Judah, who have escaped the calamity, have borne fruit under the sun, and have yielded fruit under the sun.
God said to Abraham, Don't call your wife Sarah Sarah, and her name will be Sarah's.
They also had little fish, but Jesus, when he had given thanks, divided the fish among them.
Let your height be exalted above the heavens. Let your glory be exalted above all the earth.
My son, eat honey, for honey is good. The honey that is in the honeycomb is sweet.
But you, Yahweh, are forever. You have brought memory to all generations.
Refrain from sin, and pray for it, that it may be well with you. The prayer of the righteous is great.
David was the least of them, and the third followed Saul the most.
It happened about three months after, that his wife also came in, and didn't know what was done.
He despised the king, he defiled the princes, and all the strongholds of his hand; he built a fortress against it, and took it.
Woe to the shepherd who forsakes the flock! The sword shall come on his hands, and on his eyes. His hands shall be full of snares, and his eyes shall be darkened with darkness.
I would not go to you, lest I see you as I do, and you as I do. I would not see you as I do, and I would not be. I would not be afraid of division, jealousy, anger, wrath, blasphemies, slanders, slanderers, and disobedience.
Christ didn't send me to baptize, but to preach the Good News. I didn't preach with wisdom, that the cross of Christ might not be justified.
Praise the name of Yahweh! For he has commanded, and all things are made.
They sit on the grass of the wilderness. The mountains are inhabited with gladness.
and for the sacrifice of peace offerings, twenty bulls, sixty rams, sixty male goats, and sixty male lambs a year old. These were offered after the anointing of the altar, for the service of the altar.
They stayed all night all the day, and said, The light is gone up into the darkness.
Behold, all those who are angry with you shall be disappointed and confounded; and those who burn with you shall be as if they had not been, and shall be consumed.
when you hear that I have spoken against this place, and against the inhabitants of it, and have made it desolate and cursed, and your heart trembles, and you have humbled yourself before Yahweh, and have torn your clothes, and wept before me; and I have heard it, says Yahweh.
Therefore if I eat anything that causes my brothers or my sisters to stumble in faith, I will not eat anything sacrificed to idols, that they may not stumble in faith.
He who goes down is a thief, and he who rises up is a mighty man. He who goes down is a fool, and he who rises up is a mighty man.
Saul fought with the Philistines all his days: and when Saul saw any man of might, or of a mighty man, he gathered himself to him.
Therefore we rejoice in the Lord, whether we dwell in the flesh of the earth, or whether we depart from the flesh.
From the time that we departed from Kadesh Barnea even to the day that we passed over the brook Shiloh, thirty-eight years, and to the day that all these things happened, they died in the camp, as Yahweh swore to them.
He who is to be cleansed shall wash his clothes, and purify the door of his tent, and bathe himself in water, and be clean: and afterward he shall enter into the camp; but he shall stay outside of his tent seven days.
You shall not let them dwell in your land, lest they cause you to sin against me: it shall be a snare to you, if you serve their gods.
Now the rest of the acts of Elah, and all that he did, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
The men of Benjamin who died were eighteen thousand; all of them mighty men; but the rest turned back, and fled into the wilderness to the rock of Rimmon.
Who can prolong life, and not die? Who can deliver his soul out of the authority of Sheol? Selah.
Mattathyah the Levite was the firstborn of Shallum the Korahites; and his recompense was the bread of the potter's chamber.
Let your height be exalted above the heavens. Let your glory be exalted above all the earth.
No one can deny this honor, but God has appointed it, as Aaron did.
those who keep his covenant, Who remember his precepts, and do them.
Therefore when I come to you, I will give you a greater tax credit, that you may be glorified in Christ Jesus for my sake.
Whoever drinks of it doesn't know it, but goes to him who drinks of it by the river.
The five came into the house of Micah, and took the engraved images, and the priest's ephod, and the images of the house, and the images of the altar: and the priest said to them, What do you?
Behold, I will be your enemy, you haughty Babylonians; for the time has come that I have chosen you.
The angel of Yahweh stretched out the rod that was in his hand, and found flesh and unleavened bread; and a fire came out of the rock, and devoured all flesh and unleavened bread. The angel of Yahweh departed, and saw nothing.
If the wicked desire to be struck, then the judge shall cause him to be struck on the ground before him, according to his iniquity, and according to his portion.
The other woman also died, neither was there a son nor a daughter left to her, neither was there a son nor a daughter left to her.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
In the fourth year of Ahab king of Israel began Jehoshaphat the son of Asa to reign over Judah.
that we may be together with him in Christ, and that we may be one people with him,
Our oxen are full of life, and no one enters into the deep. We will not go out to battle, neither will our streets be weary of the cry of weeping.
For I am ashamed that I begged the king for a great army and for horsemen to help us in the battle; for we have said to the king, The hand of our God is on all those who ask of him; but his strength and his wrath are against all those who forsake him.
Uzziah did that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh, according to all that Amaziah his father had done.
Shallum the son of Jabesh rebelled against him, and struck him before the people, and killed him, and kept his words.
Why, my son, do you have sexual immorality? Why do you have sexual immorality?
He said, If we have found favor in your sight, give this land to your servant for an inheritance, and don't bring us over the Jordan.
His voice is to show him, And to show animals the greatness of the work which he will do.
Stand outside, and wait for him who weighs you to come out to you.
Then the king and Haman came to the feast of Esther the queen.
Therefore we sent to you Barnabas, and Paul, whom we loved, with all our heart and with all our soul;
Lift up your hands toward the sanctuary, and praise Yahweh.
I saw, and I knew that God didn't send him, but that he himself spoke against me this prophet, and that Tobijah and Sanballat blasphemed him.
The same night you shall eat the flesh of the lambs boiled with fire, and the unleavened bread; and you shall eat it with affliction.
His arms are like jewels of gold. His flesh is like a reed, And round about it is a sapphire stone.
It happened in the night, that the lord of the vineyard said to his steward, Bring in the laborers, and give them wages. From the beginning of the laborers they worked, until the beginning of the laborers they did.'
They can't stand with the mighty men who aren't circumcised. These mighty men dwell in dungeons in Sheol. Their heads are in the sword, and their bones are in their iniquity. They have terrorized the mighty in the land of the living.
Therefore the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, the mighty man of Israel, said, Aha! I will cut off my enemies, and make myself more secure; and I will be avenged on my enemies.
not to go to those who speak deep things, but to many nations that have ears to hear, whose words you don't understand, and whose ears you don't hear.
It happened on the next day, that all the heads of fathers' houses of the people, the priests, and the Levites, gathered themselves together to Ezra the scribe, to hear the words of the law.
He who humbles himself rejoices when he sees it. Let the heart of him who seeks God live.
Why do you exalt yourselves so much? For you don't mourn, neither drive out those who do these things out of the midst of you.
The king spoke with them, and there was none like Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, or Azariah among all their people: therefore they did that which was right in the sight of the king.
Yahweh has brought forth the wrath of his enemies. The flocks of peace are fortresses.
David was very distressed, because they said, Stone should be given to David. They were very troubled because of their children; but David trusted in Yahweh his God, and was strong.
I am more righteous than the Jews, And more diligent than the fathers in their teaching.
There was a certain Pharisee named Neco the wife of a Jew.
I knew that the Levites didn't give them their portion, so that the Levites who bore the charge, and those who sang, went every man to his own land.
I am perfect in him. I myself have not done my evil.
The Son of Man shall surely be delivered into the hand of sinners, and they shall be crucified, and rise on the third day.'
Speak to them, Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel: Cursed be he who doesn't listen to the voice of this covenant.
Let no blood fall on you in the land which Yahweh your God gives you for an inheritance, so that no blood shall fall on you.
They departed from the mountain of Yahweh, and traveled three days; and the ark of Yahweh went before them three days, and took them to a resting place.
He will keep his holy feet, And cause the wicked to stumble in darkness; For man can't prevail by his strength.
Who is he who hasn't sought his wife? Let him return to his house, Lest he perish, and be found by another.
For it is written, He subdues all things under his feet; and it is clear that nothing is subdued under the feet of Christ.
All the vessels of gold, and of silver, and of brass, and of iron, shall be separate from Yahweh, and shall be brought into Yahweh's treasuries.
They gave to them the Arabah, and the land that is by the Jordan, from Kinneroth even to the sea of the Arabah, the Salt Sea, and the land of the slopes of Persia eastward.
Then the king and Jehoiada gave the money to the men who served in the house of Yahweh: and they took stones and axes to repair the house of Yahweh, and iron and brass to repair the house of Yahweh.
They pursued our steps like a scourge, so that we couldn't walk in our streets: our end was near, and our days were fulfilled; for our end was near.
Asa will have from the army of Judah thirty thousand shields and spears; and from Benjamin twenty thousand shields and bows; all of them mighty men of valor.
Don't abhor us for your name's sake, Nor profane your throne of glory. Remember us, And don't break your covenant which you made with us.
The angel of Yahweh came to Ophrah, and sat under the oak of Joash of the tribe of Abiezer: and Gideon the son of Joash was grinding in the winepress, and didn't want Midian to see it.
Therefore I struck you, and hurt you; for your iniquities caused you to stumble.
You shall not depart from the border of your fathers, which they have set up.
But if the wicked turn from his wickedness, and do that which is right and right, he will give life to his soul.
But the tax collector stood afar off, and didn't turn his head to the sky, but cried out, God, forgive me this sinner.'
In the eighteenth year of Jehoshaphat king of Judah began Joram the son of Ahab to reign over Israel in Samaria, and reigned twelve years.
I am Yahweh your God, who brought you up out of the land of Egypt, to give you the land of Canaan, and to be your God.
So the world will not boast before God.
I call on you, Yahweh; for the fire devours the pastures of the wilderness, and the fire consumes the trees of the field.
They took away the foreign gods out of the midst of them, and served Yahweh. Yahweh's heart was troubled because of the children of Israel.
He who opens his eyes to trouble brings sorrow, But he who speaks foolishly will perish.
As for the ten horns, they shall raise up ten kings out of the land: and there shall be another king raised up, and he shall set three kings before him, who shall not stand before him.
Woe to the afflicted man in the daytime! Woe to him who is full of joy!
When the morning had come, the chief priests and the elders of the people conspired together against him to kill him.
David arose out of the ground, and washed his body, and anointed himself, and put on his clothes, and entered into the house of Yahweh, and worshiped, and returned to his house: and he commanded that they should set something before him, and he ate.
Jehoahaz prayed to Yahweh; and Yahweh listened to him; for he saw that the children of Israel were oppressed, even the king of Syria, who oppressed them.
Nebuchadnezzar brought the vessels of the house of Yahweh to Babylon, and set them in the house of Babylon.
This is the law which Moses set before the children of Israel;
Now Jehoiah was chief among the children of Hebron, according to the generations of his fathers, in the twelfth year of the reign of David, in the year of Jaiel of Gilead, finding great men of valor among them.
Therefore command the guard to keep the tomb until the third day, that his disciples not steal his dead body, and then tell the people, He has risen from the dead.' If so, then the deceit will be greater than the first.
Are we yet little in the sins of Bohol? Though the pestilence has come on the assembly of Yahweh, To this day we are not clean.
Don't depart from the land which you have established. Don't seek the fields of the fatherless.
God will judge among the nations for a multitude of peoples. They will beat their swords into slings, and their spears into slings. This nation shall not lift up its sword against it, neither shall they learn war any more.
It was a day of darkness and darkness, a day of thick clouds and darkness, like a thicket of thorns covering a mountain: and there was a great and strong people, a people that had not been so until now, and to this day there is no such thing.
That you may strike them with your teeth, And your feet in the blood of your enemies, And your dogs in the blood of their blood.
From the heap of dust to the heap of dust, the height was two cubits, and the breadth one cubit; from the heap of dust to the heap of dust, the height was four cubits, and the breadth a cubit.
Mordecai went on his way before the guard every day, to know whether Esther had peace, and what the law would be to her.
For you didn't serve Yahweh your God with a glad heart and with a glad soul for your wealth.
You shall make two poles of acacia wood, and overlay them with gold.
He let out another raven, that he might see the waters flowing out of the earth before them.
You shall tell the people, Make yourselves holy, and prepare yourselves to eat flesh tomorrow; for you shall weep, that Yahweh may hear you saying, Who shall give us flesh to eat? for we are well in Egypt. Therefore Yahweh will give you flesh to eat.
He shall delight himself in the fear of Yahweh: he shall not judge with his right eye, neither shall he judge with his left ear,
The disciples asked him, Teacher, when will these things happen? What is the sign that these things will happen?
Abraham was one hundred seventy-five years old when he began to reign.
The boards of the upper court were ten cubits long, and a cubit and a half broad.
They will roar like a mighty lion, Like a young lion roaring.
Don't you lift up your yoke suddenly, And wake up your yoke suddenly, And will you be a prey to them?
He who lies with a thief hates his own life. He hears a stumbling block, and doesn't speak.
and you shall tell them, Every body of your seed that shall be desolate, and come to the sanctuaries of the children of Israel, which they have sanctified to Yahweh, shall be cut off from before me: I am Yahweh.
They said, Come, and let us drink, and let us drink, until we have sinned. Tomorrow will be like this day, with great joy and without recompense.
For we heard him say, This Nazarene Jesus will destroy this temple, and will change the statutes which Moses spoke to us.'
Whoever is with Christ is a new creation. All things have passed away from him, and are become new.
God was angry with them, and killed the mighty among them, and struck the young men of Israel.
The chariots of God are thousands of thousands. The Lord is in them as in Sinai, in a holy place.
If he doesn't first bring it to the door of the Tent of Meeting before the tent of Yahweh, and offer it as a present to Yahweh, and pour out the blood on the man, he shall pour out the blood, and he shall be cut off from among his people.
I will not take any of your things, even the smallest of them, and the smallest of them; lest you say, I have given Abram wealth.'
We have commended you and comforted you, that your walk might be fruitful to the will of God, that you may enter into his Kingdom and into his glory.
Bring the cedars, and the cedars, and the cedars of Lebanon to me; for I know that your servants have taken the cedars of Lebanon wisely: and behold, my servant shall sit with your servant.
When the Philistines had come, they encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
Then they were not able to eat, because the priests who were cleansed were not able to afford them, and the people were not gathered together to Jerusalem.
Behold, I set before you this day life and good, death and evil.
In those days, when king Oziah reigned, I saw the Lord sitting on the highest throne, whose garments were filled with the temple.
I set my heart to preach the Good News in a land where I have not heard the name of Christ, that no one should be blessed in his work.
If I speak, my sorrow is not diminished. If I hold my peace, will my sorrow depart from me?
For the Spirit sanctified them in Asia; and they passed through the land of Pharaoh and Galilee.
Shall he trust in him, because he is strong? Shall he give him your vanity?
If your brother is poorer than he, and has lost his inheritance, then his relatives shall come and redeem him for your brother's loss.
Ride on horses, ride on horses. Stand up on your helmets, carry your spears, and put on armor.
His people also came to him. They drank of all kinds of water.
Then the house wept the second time. Peter thought to Jesus, and said to him, The house wept the second time, and you have slain me the third time. He wept with a loud voice.
The appearance of the car is like the appearance of a chariot. Its love, and its ornaments, its lords, and its horns, are great.
If my father has a desire to harm you, I will tell you to go in peace: if not, Yahweh will rebuke Jonathan. Yahweh be with you, as he was with my father.
Then said Sisera to him, Stand at the door of the Tent, and if anyone comes to inquire of you, and says, Is there a man with you? Then said you to him, No.
The children of Israel who lived in Jerusalem rejoiced greatly, and kept the feast of unleavened bread seven days: and the Levites and the priests blessed Yahweh day and night, and blessed Yahweh with their marvelous instruments.
Now Samuel was old; and he appointed his sons to be judges over Israel.
He made the pillars of the pillars fifty cubits, and the pillars of the pillars ten cubits; and the hooks of the pillars and their fillets were of silver.
Praise Yah! Praise the name of Yahweh, you servants who serve in Yahweh's house.
His children are glorified, but he doesn't know. They are brought low, but he doesn't know.
Yahweh, don't you remember what I will do? Will you remember forever? Don't you hide your face from what I will do?
and with him Abijab the son of Ahizboam, of the tribe of Dan, a skilled artist and a skilled craftsman, adorned with blue, purple, scarlet, and fine twined linen.
This is not to say that we have no power to compel you, but that we may be your counselors, that you may know our ways.
Out of them they are the blind who seek the blind. If the blind seek the blind, they both fall into the pit.
David asked God again, and he said to him, Don't pursue after them; but go from side to side against them on the top of the sycamore trees.
He shall turn the heart of his father toward his son, and the heart of his son toward his father; that I may curse the land.
He said to them, I will depart from here, and you will seek me, and you will die for your sins. There I will go, and you can't go.
David took Abigail, and brought her things; and he said to her, Return to your house in peace; and behold, I have heard your words, and have done according to your words.
Moses was exceedingly angry, and said to Yahweh, Don't subdue them; for I will not give them a donkey, neither will I harm them any more.
The men of Joab, and the men of Chereth, and the men of Bereth, and all the mighty men, went out after Abishai; and they went out from Jerusalem, and pursued after Sheba the son of Bichri.
The labor of the righteous shall lead to life, But the strife of the wicked shall lead to sin.
You shall hear no more violence in your land, nor destruction in your land; but you shall call your wall a deliverer, and your gates a praise.
They lay on every altar as a shield, And drink the wine of those who persecute them in the house of their God.
The scribe answered, There has not been a man like this since the days of old.
In the day that he anointed the altar, the princes of Israel shall do that which is anointed on the altar, twelve platters of silver, twelve bowls of gold,
Laban said to him, If I have found favor in your sight, stay with me; for I know deep down that Yahweh has blessed me for your sake.
They shall confess their sin which they have sinned, and shall recompense it to the man of his trespass which he has trespassed against, five times more than the house of their trespass which they have trespassed against.
It happened, when the children of Israel cried to Yahweh, that Yahweh raised up one of them, Ehud the son of Gera, the Benjaminite, who was slain by the hand; and the children of Israel sent him a present to Eglon king of Moab.
Moreover the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
The children of Israel traveled, and encamped in the plains of Moab, beyond the Jordan, over against Jericho.
If the young lady, while she was yet in her father's house, made a vow to Yahweh, and made an oath to herself,
Who knows that the cloud of man goes up above him, And the cloud of animals falls on the earth?
When Yahweh saw that he turned and looked, God said to him out of the thorns, Moses, Moses. He answered, Here am I.
Are I from the sea, or from the islands? Or have you set you apart to teach me?
But Sihon didn't believe Israel, neither did he make them pass through his border: and Sihon gathered all his people together, and encamped against Israel in Jahaz.
Your commandments are truthful. Help them who persecute me without cause.
They are shepherds, for they feed livestock. They bring flocks, herds, and all that they have.'
The wheel said to the trees, If you shall surely make me king over you, then you shall hide yourself in my shadow: and if not, let the fire go out from the wheel, and devour the cedars of Lebanon.
When they had told Peter all these things, he followed them, preaching to them from the east to the west the word of the Holy One, which can't be destroyed, eternal salvation. On the first day of the seventh day Jesus was revealed to Mary Magdalene, who had cast out seven arks before him.
But Jonah arose, and sought to run to Tarshish, to escape from Yahweh; and he went down to Joppa, and found a boat to go to Tarshish: and he made a bribe against him, and he sailed with them to Tarshish, to escape from Yahweh.
On this foundation they built with gold, and with silver, and with precious stones, wood, and timber.
Thus says Yahweh, the God of Israel, When I brought forth your fathers out of the land of Egypt as bondservants, and made a covenant with them, saying,
They played the prostitute in Egypt, even playing the prostitute in the youth; and there they gave their milk, and there they took the breasts of her virginity.
He made the curtains of darkness round about, the waters that were gathered together, and the clouds that were in the sky.
He lifts up his voice, and shines. His eyes are like the eyes of the morning.
You shall not sacrifice to Yahweh your God any sick animal, or any kind of animal of iniquity; for it is an abomination to Yahweh your God.
There was a strong tower in the city; and all the people of the city fled, both men and women, and shut the doors, and set up the tower.
Go and tell David, Thus says Yahweh, I have given you three things: choose one of them, and I will do them to you.
How much more, Yahweh, the God of Armies, did you provoke to anger against your people?
Zion stretched out his hand, and no one comforted him: and concerning Jacob, Yahweh commanded to be his enemy round about; Jerusalem was among them as uncleanness.
I will go there, and you shall know where I am going.
When the prisoner received the commandment, he shut them up, and put them in the prison, and bound their feet in sackcloth.
For the fool will speak foolishly, and his heart will do evil, and will commit a blasphemy, and will speak falsely against Yahweh, and will make the hungry eat nothing, and the thirsty drink no water.
besides their servants and their handmaids, seven thousand three hundred thirty-seven; and those who sang, two hundred.
The charge of the temple shall not be increased; for the charge has been given to the Gentiles, and they shall tread down the temple forty-two months.
because they didn't listen to my voice, which I spoke to my servants the prophets, rising up early and sending them; but you didn't listen, says Yahweh.
You shall measure out the suburbs of the city, which you give to the Levites, round about the city, one thousand cubits.
Be taught, Jerusalem, lest my heart be with you, lest I make you a desolation, a land in which no man dwells.
But if you only give thanks in your heart, and the congregation doesn't know what you are saying, why does he say with all his heart, Amen?
Uzziah took a great army, and went out to war, according to the number of Jeiel the scribe and Maaseiah the prince, by the hand of Hananiah the captain of the army of the king.
John answered, He who has two garments, let him give to him who doesn't have one; and he who has food, let him do the same.
When he was about to send them into the camp, he said to the captain of the guard, Do I have a word to tell you? The captain of the guard said, Do you know the words of Hera?
Esau said to Jacob, I am very weary. Please give me this leaf, that I may eat. Therefore Esau's name was Edom.
Moses said to the people, Remember this day, when you come out of the land of Egypt from the house of bondage; for Yahweh has brought you out from there with a mighty hand. You shall eat no bread of it.
But he said, Let the little ones come to me, and don't hinder them, for as the little ones do, so they will be to me a people of the Kingdom of Heaven.
Jacob's sons were defiled for his sister, and came to the slain, and took their cities.
For the earth trembled, because of the noise of their destruction. They cried out with a loud voice to the Red Sea.
Thus says his father-in-law, Because of the fear of the Jews, for the Jews have a covenant, and if anyone believes that Jesus is the Christ, let him go out of the synagogue.
These are the sons of Obed-Edom: they, and their sons, and their brothers, all of them mighty men of valor, able to do great works, and sixty-two men, born to Obed-Edom.
Rebekah said to Jacob her son, Behold, I heard your father tell Esau your brother, saying,
The servants of the king of Syria said to him, The God of Israel is the God of the mountains; therefore they will prevail against us: but if we fight with them in the plain, we will prevail against them.
So the elders brought them to his house, and took his donkey, and they washed their feet, and ate.
Those who live as foreigners in my house, and my handmaids, regard me as foreigners; and they regard me as foreigners.
For he has walked in the way of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, and has done that which he has sinned against Israel, and has provoked Yahweh, the God of Israel, to anger with his false idols.
His division, and those who were numbered of them, were sixty-two thousand seven hundred.
He who loves his own life will sanctify it. He who doesn't seek his own life in this world will keep it for eternal life.
The king said to Esther the queen, The men of Judah killed five hundred men in Shushan the city, and the ten sons of Haman: and what has become of all the king's provinces? what have you put on? I will give it to you; and what have you asked? I will make it happen.
The priests the Levites cleansed themselves, and the people, and the gates of it, and the walls of it.
There they stayed until Herod passed by; that the Lord might confirm the words of the prophets, which he spoke, that I would bring forth my son out of Egypt.
For my own sake, and for David my servant's sake, I will preserve this city, and deliver it.
For I have kept the word of Yahweh, and have not done evil, to depart from my God.
Then the men who carried them carried away their captivity and their spoil from them, and left them before the princes and the congregation.
I will pour out my wrath on you, and I will blow on you the fire of my wrath; and I will deliver you into the hand of the cruel and cruel.
Behold, the days come, says Yahweh, that I will break your hand, and the hand of your father's house, so that there shall be no old man in your house.
You shall give to Yahweh a portion of the land for a holy offering, twenty-five thousand reeds long, and a thousand reeds broad: all his border round about shall be holy.
This shall be the number of the males who shall enter into the house of Yahweh, who shall be three years old and upward, all who shall come into the house of Yahweh, according to their number, day by day, to minister to them according to their divisions.
Saul sent him wherever he went; and David prospered greatly: and Saul made him captain of the army; and the people and Saul's servants saw that it was good.
It will happen in that day, Jerusalem, that the days of your wall will come, and your border will be broadened.
the owl, the owl, the owl,
Their father gave them many possessions, gold, and silver, and precious things, and the fortified cities of the land of Judah; but he gave the kingdom to Joram, because he was the firstborn.
You shall take a small amount of the incense, and make it sweet, and put it before the ark of the testimony which is in the tent of meeting; and I will be there with you: it shall be most holy to you.
They said to the prophet, There shall be no vision of the vision of the prophet. They said to the prophet, Don't speak to us upright words, but harsh words, and falsehood.
Shall the earth be forsaken for you because of your wrath, And the rock be lifted up from the foundations?
Stand at the gate of Yahweh's house, and prophesy there of these words, saying, Hear the word of Yahweh, everyone who is of Judah, who enters into the gates to worship Yahweh.
Israel has forsaken it. The adversary pursues it.
If I judge a man, my judgment is the foundation of my judgment, because I don't judge myself, but the Father who sent me judges with me.
They did his signs in the midst of their enemies, And did wonders in the land of Ham.
Before the Sabbath came, David arose, and all the men who were with him, and went out, and struck two hundred Philistines: and David took the king's skins; and they gave to the king the full amount, that he might be the king's son-in-law. Saul gave her to David as wife.
He said to them, Go, see what you see, and what you hear from John, the blind eye, the lame walking, the lepers, the sick, the dead, and the needy.
The king of Assyria baked the words of Maacah, his mother's brother, because he had made abominable images for Assyria. Asa took his images, and burned them with his teeth by the brook Kidron.
Yahweh of Armies will keep them; they shall devour their enemies, and tread down the stones which they have cast away; and they shall drink and shout, as they drink wine; and they shall be as a heap, as the horns of the altar.
They sought you, Yahweh, in their trouble. Your border came on them, and they prayed to you with their whole heart.
Your wrath has surrounded me. You have destroyed me with your terror.
Elijah went out from there, and found Elisha the son of Shaphan in the field; and twelve oxen were before him; and he drove twelve oxen. Elijah passed by, and put his clothes on him.
Therefore you shall present a present to Merezatgat; and the house of Ahaz shall deal treacherously with the kings of Israel.
His father and his wife shall take him, and bring him out, and bring him to the elders of the city, at the gate of his place;
There is no number of gold, silver, brass, or iron: rise up, and do it: Yahweh be with you.
I will surely bless you, And increase your seed to you.
and not in heaven, but, as you said, Who went up for us into heaven, and came to us, that we might hear and do it?'
The earth was made in the world, and the world was created through the earth, but the world didn't know it.
You have always had the poor with you, but I am not always with you.
So king Solomon did all the service of the house of Yahweh: and Solomon brought in the offering of David his father, and put silver, and gold, and vessels, in the vessels of the house of Yahweh.
I say this again: what you shall do to the elders of Judah, to help them to go to the house of God, to borrow the king's money out of the banks of the River, and to give it to them for a treasury, that they not bear burdens.
The trees said to the fig tree, Come you, and reign over us.'
Therefore you shall not pray for this people, nor lift up your voice for them, nor ask me for them; for I will not listen to you.
Afterward there came up seven oxen, very small, very poor, and very small: I have not seen them in all the land of Egypt.
Balak said to Balaam, You shall not curse them, nor bless them.
We, the daughters of our fathers, worshiped with zeal day and night, and hoped for this hope. For this hope I testified against the Jews, O king.
He will open his eyes and rejoice. He will rejoice and sing. The glory of Lebanon, and the beauty of Carmel and Sharon, will come to him. They will see the glory of Yahweh, and the mystery of our God.
The righteous dwells in the presence of the wicked, As in a defiled well that runs on a whirlwind.
It will happen, when the dead are turned into dead, and the dead to become dead, that the death which is written will be sown in the midst of all the earth.
The righteous inherit the house of the wicked, And know that the wicked will fall until they are consumed.
The sons of Jacob answered Shechem, and Hamor his father, with lies, because he had defiled Dinah his sister.
He knew their palaces, and made their cities a desolation, because of the noise of their cries; and the land was desolate, and all that was therein.
Bring the curser out of the camp, that the hearer may lay his hand on his head; and all the congregation shall stone him with stones.
But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, Surely this man went to be cast out of the temple by Beelzebul the king.
I call my servant, and he doesn't answer. With my mouth will I ask him.
What do you mean, that you judge other servants? They stand still, or fall, and their master will respect them. They stand still, because the Lord will help them.
You have made us to enter into the dungeon. You have put the dungeon on us.
For Yahweh our God has brought us forth, and our fathers, out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage, and has done great signs in our sight, and has preserved us in all our ways, and in all the countries where we have passed.
Then I asked the angel who spoke with me, What are these? He answered me, These are the horns that have scattered Judah, Israel, and Jerusalem.
So all the children of Israel went out: and Joseph gave them chariots, and the food that was in the midst of you, according to the commandment of Pharaoh,
They taught in Judah, and walked through all the cities of Judah, and taught the people, in the book of the law of Yahweh.
He who has ears to hear, let him hear.
But let us write to them, saying, You shall eat no unclean thing, neither shall you sexually immoral, neither shall you eat the flesh nor the blood.
When she had finished speaking these words, she returned, and called her sister Mary, and said to her, The teacher is come, and he is calling you.
For there they set the throne of judgment, even the throne of the house of David.
You have abhorred the covenant of your servant, And spread his crown on the earth.
I will set a shepherd over them, and he will feed them, even David my servant. He will feed them, and be their shepherd.
There came a man of fugitives, and told Abram the Hivvim; and Abram lived in the land under the oak of Mamre the Amorite: and Mamre, Eshcol, and Aner were brothers, and they were with Abram.
Now the rest of the acts of Omri, and his might, aren't they written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel?
Awkward gold! Awkward gold! The stones of the sanctuary shall be cast into every street.
This stone is precious to those who believe, but to those who don't believe it has become a stone forsaken by evil.
But if a woman is quiet, and has faith, and has love, and has sanctified herself, then she will be saved by her child.
You are full of the righteousness of the wicked. The righteousness and justice will take hold of you.
It happened, when they went to kill, that they left me there; and I fell on my face, and cried with a loud voice, saying, Ah Lord Yahweh! have you poured out your wrath on Jerusalem to utterly destroy the children of Israel!
Now therefore, behold, the king whom you shall ask is here; and behold, Yahweh has set a king over you.
Behold, there is a fire coming down out of the sky, and it is two chiefs, and fifty men with them: now therefore consider my life precious.
When you lie in the sheep's dung, you are like a lion's snare, And its doors are like gold.
If he turns away, he shall be redeemed; but if he doesn't, he shall be reconciled with him; and a man shall not forsake his wife.
My son, you shall be called the prophet of the Most High; for you shall be a prophet of the Lord, and shall prepare his way;
Jesus said to him, Go, and be healed by your faith. Immediately, when the blind saw it, they followed him.
One of them, an Agape, stood up, and prophesied in the Holy Spirit, and said, There will be a great famine in the land. This was done in the years of Cyrus.
All these things have been heard. First, fear God, and keep his commandments with all your heart and with all your soul. This is a disease of man.
Then the king commanded, and they took the men who bore Daniel, and their wives, and cast them into the lion's den; and before they came near to the lion's den, the lion lifted up his horns on them, and took them.
You shall take the fat of the sheep, and its fat tail, and the fat of the molten image, and the cover of the dish, and the two kidneys, and the fat of the kidneys, and the head of the right ear (this is the lamb that is offered in the offering of the holy offering).
But if there be witnesses to us, as clouds covering us, let us cut off all our iniquities, and all our trespasses, and let us fear the way before us.
Didn't he receive? Didn't he divide the spoil? Didn't he divide a woman? He divided the turban of the turban, and the turban of the turban of the turban, two thousand turbans of turban, to hang them over his neck for the spoil.
The ordinances of the law are cut off because they are not strong, neither are they profitable.
So when the children of Israel were in the valley on the one side, and the children of Israel on the other side of the Jordan, when they saw that Israel was fled, and that Saul and his sons were dead, they forsook the cities, and fled. The Philistines lived there.
Therefore I will give you wisdom and understanding; and I will give you riches, and riches, and honor: neither shall the kings who were before you do so, nor the kings who were after you do so.
If Satan has divided himself, how can his kingdom stand? You say, I have cast out demons by Beelzebul.
The prince said to them, Let them live. So they made the congregation wood cutters and carpenters, according to the word of the prince.
The riches of a man's soul will sustain him, But the poor also fear the voice of his oppressors.
and that your house may receive from Yahweh the seed which she shall give to your seed, as the house of Perez, whom Tamar bore to Judah.
There went down three of the chief men into the rock to David into the wall of Adullam: and the army of the Philistines encamped in the valley of Rephaim.
and with those who stand this day with us before Yahweh our God, and with those who are not with us this day.
This is the commandment of those who watch, and the commandment of those who are holy, that all may know that the most high rule over a nation, and give it to men according to their own will, and make it for it.
Before he goes up to the high place to eat, you shall find him in the city; for before he comes, the people shall not eat until he comes to bless the sacrifice, until he eats of those whom he asks. Now go up, and you shall find him in this hour.
There is no faith, there is no covenant, there is no friend, there is no compassion.
Fire came forth from before Yahweh, and burned the burnt offering and the fat on the altar: and when all the people saw it, they lifted up their voice with great joy, and fell on their faces.
The earth shall not be broken forever, for it is mine. You are strangers and foreigners before me.
The slain shall fall in the land of the Chaldeans; And the slain shall fall in the streets.
Achish said, What land are you going into this day? David said, The South of Judah, The South of the Elamelites, The South of the Kenites.
As for your wisdom, so is all righteousness. Know that God doesn't forget your sins.
The children of Israel called it the manna, as a drunkard, whose skin was white, and the taste of it as the bread of honey.
All the wise men of the king came in from that time; but they didn't read the writing, neither did they make known to the king the interpretation.
and said to them, This people will tell me, Your father has put a stumbling block in our stumbling, deceive us. Now therefore, what counsel do you give us to restore them?
He destroys the counsel of the sluggard, To the end that the work of their hands shall not be done.
You shall take other stones instead of the stones, and fill the house with dust.
Yahweh said to Moses, Every prince shall offer his offering in his day, and he shall do the offering of the altar.
But don't you punish the daughter; for the daughter is not worthy to die; but this is as a man who goes up against his neighbor, and kills him.
Behold, Yahweh commanded, and he struck the great house, and led it out; and he struck the small house, and led it out.
You shall wash your body, anoint yourself, and put on your clothing, and go down to the threshing floor; but you shall not cause the man to see you. Until he has eaten and drunk,
I will endure the wrath of Yahweh, because I have sinned against him, and he has judged me before his argument. He will bring me forth to light, and I will see his righteousness.
Then the prophet brought the dead body of the man of God over the donkey, and brought it to the city of the old prophet, to weep for him, and to bury him.
The love of God endures forever, but the revelation of the truth is a temporary thing. The riches of the tongue will be lost, and the knowledge will be lost.
His sons and his daughters are far from safety. They are oppressed in the gate, and there is no one to save them.
Moreover all the violence that you have done to Lebanon, and all the violence that you have done to the animals of the field to make them afraid, will cover you; because you have killed men, and done the violence that you have done to the cities of the land, and to the inhabitants of it.
He who is satisfied, let him be satisfied. He who is hungry, let him not be hungry. He who is unemployed, he who has seven sons, he who has many sons, he is defiled.
Who is better than you? Sit down with uncircumcised men.
There were also horns in the thorns, and a great thorn cut off the thorns.
The vines said to the vines, Come you, and reign over us.'
In that day Yahweh grew angry, and swore, saying,
Yahweh said to Moses, Behold, you shall sleep with your fathers; and this people shall arise, and shall play the prostitute, and shall depart from me from the gods of the land, where he shall dwell, and from the covenant that I made with him.
saying, Yes, the Lord has risen, and he has shown himself to Simon.
Micaiah spoke to them all the words that he had heard, which Baruch had heard while he read to the people.
It shall happen, when he rises, that his kingdom shall be divided, and its expanse shall be toward the four faces of the sky; but it shall not be given to his seed, neither shall it have the dominion that was before him: for his kingdom shall be lifted up, and shall be given to another of his seed.
The first covenant also had a vow of thanksgiving, and the foundation of the temple that is in the world.
I will be their mouth, and will speak praises to them. Peace and good will will be to him who is far off and near, says Yahweh.
Jehohanan the son of Kareah came, and all the captains of the army who were in the field, to Mizpah, and said to him,
Who has a right to Yahweh in heaven? Who has a right to Yahweh in all the sons of mighty men?
Therefore I will set my face against them, that their terror may come on them; for I call, and no one answers; and I speak, and they will not listen; but I do that which is evil in my eyes, and it is not pleasing to me.
Remember, brothers, when you are called, that there is no one who is wise, neither is there any who is mighty, neither is there any who is a savior.
Go, bring Vashti the queen before the king in the crown of the queen, and show her beauty to the people and to her servants; for her face is good in appearance.
The man looked at him, and kept silent, that he might know whether Yahweh had given him the way in which he believed.
David said, It is good that I make a covenant with you; but I will ask you one thing, when you come to my face, if you don't bring Michal the daughter of Saul to me, you shall not come to my face.
Give me cakes of grapes, And pomegranates, To strengthen my spirit; For I have sat in the midst of the throne for love.
Their widows are multiplied before me, more than the sand of the sea: I have brought the extortioners in, against the mother of the young man; I have caused affliction and fear to come on him suddenly.
The chambers of the threshing floor are more; for the threshing floor is in the midst of it; and the threshing floor is more than the threshing floor.
The priests the Levites rose up at that time, and blessed the people: their voice was heard by Yahweh, and their prayer came to his dwelling place to the sky.
Noah bore three sons: Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
My mouth shall speak of the word of Yahweh. Let all flesh praise his holy name forever.
Wisdom is more precious than precious stones. There is nothing like it in the desire of a man.
The thicket is a snare, And the snare is burnt with fire, And the snare is struck with a rod, And the snare is snared with a strong arm, So that there is no hunger in the body, And there is no thirst in the water.
Barak, and Ammon, and Amalek, and the Philistines, and the house of Tyre;
These things are in your heart. I know that you have done them.
Yahweh spoke to Joshua the son of Nun, saying, Be strong and of good courage; for you shall bring in the children of Israel into the land which I swore to them, and I will be with you.
Turn again, and don't be unrighteous. Turn again, and my righteousness is still.
You shall do to the cities that are far off from you, and not to the cities of the nations.
They brought him the donkey, and threw their cloaks on the donkey, and raised him up on it.
They came to a city called Nazareth, and abode there, to prove the word of Yahweh, which he spoke to the prophet, that he would call the Nazarenes.
to be a witness between us and you, and between us and you, that we may minister to Yahweh with our burnt offerings, and with our peace offerings, and with other sacrifices; that your sons not say to our sons after you, You have no portion in Yahweh.
Delilah said to her, Why do you love me, seeing your heart isn't with me? You have deceived me three times, and haven't told me where your strength is.
As for me, Yahweh will show his promise to me. Your loving kindness endures forever, Yahweh. Don't forsake your work which you have made with your hands.
You shall hear what they shall say, and you shall go down to the camp; and Gideon shall go down, he and Apollos his servant, to the camp, by the side of the armor bearer.
But they are like Adam, Who made a covenant with me, and played the prostitute with me there.
It was told Joab, saying, Behold, the king weeps for Absalom.
I will wash away all their iniquities which they have sinned against me; and I will forgive all their sins which they have sinned against me.
But all the fields of the city, and all the villages of it, went to Caleb the son of Jephunneh.
Woe to him who commits iniquity and covetousness on the bed! Woe to him who sees the light, whose hands have strength to do it!
When he had said this, he prophesied.
Yahweh was angry with Uzzah; and Yahweh struck him there because of his iniquity: and he died there by the ark of Yahweh.
If I have made you bitter, who are also bitter among you, who can please me?
He and his disciples also led them away to the synagogue.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
Jeremiah spoke to all the people all the words of Yahweh their God, even all the words that Yahweh their God sent him.
Samuel went up early in the morning to meet Saul. They told Samuel, saying, Saul went up to Carmel, and stood there for himself, and turned back, and went down to Gilgal.
They said, No; tell us. Jehu answered, Thus and thus has he told me. He said, Thus says Yahweh, I have anointed you king over Israel.
When all the people had scarcely eaten, Paul stood among them, and said, Columba, if you will listen to me, and don't depart from Cyrene, you will not find this evil, nor this truth.
Then you shall call on me, and shall go and pray to me; and I will hear you.
Jacob blessed the two sons of Joseph, and worshiped God with the rod, because of his faith, when he was about to die.
It shall happen, if you shall hear these things, and do them, that Yahweh your God will restore to you the covenant and loving kindness which he swore to your fathers.
that they may possess the remnant of Edom, and the nations which are called by my name, says Yahweh concerning this.
It happened, when Ahaziah king of Judah saw it, that he fled by the way of the house that was in the field. Jehu pursued after him, and said, Kill him also in the chariot. He struck him at the top of Gibeon, which is by Gibeon. He ran to Megdoon, and died there.
For Yahweh will go and strike the Egyptians; and when he sees the blood at the entrance of the gate, and at the entrance of the gate of the other side, Yahweh will pass over the gate, and will not allow the life to enter into your house, to strike you.
For my enemies can't triumph over me. I know that you are my friend.
Now concerning the seventh day, there is a place which says, In the seventh day God rests from all his work.
Immediately one of them ran, and took a snare in the sea, and wrapped himself in sackcloth, and dragged him away.
I have heard the groaning of the children of Israel, that the Egyptians labor in their affliction; and I have remembered my covenant.
But the second voice answered from heaven, saying, You shall not defile the thing which God has cleansed him.'
Jesus turned and said to Peter, Shut up, Satan. You are my condemnation. Your thoughts are not God's, but men's.
We all fell to the ground; and I heard a voice in Hebrew saying to me, Saul, Saul, why do you persecute me? as a ox licks the skin of his thigh, he licks his own skin.'
The help of Egypt is vain and without profit. Therefore I have called him Rahab, who is in danger of death.
Heaven and earth will pass away, But my words will not pass away.
Pharaoh said to Joseph, I am Pharaoh. If you don't raise your voice, don't let any man put his hand to his foot in all the land of Egypt.
Therefore prophesy to them all these words, and strike them, and say, Yahweh will shout from above, from his dwelling place, and from his flock; and he will shout to all the inhabitants of the earth, as he treads on vines.
Let your enemies know your name. Let the nations tremble before you.
You opened another in the wall between the two cities, and poured out the water of the pool: but you didn't hope to make it, neither did you consider it to be necessary, but came to the God who made it.
If a fool asks you to eat bread, and you go, you may eat all that is set before you. Don't wait for the wisdom of your heart to answer the east gate.
It happened after the death of Ibzan, that Elon the Zebulun was judge over Israel; and he judged Israel ten years.
It happened in the seventh year, that Jehoiada sent and called the Canaanites and the captains of the guard, and brought them into the house of Yahweh to him, and made a covenant with them, and swore to them in the house of Yahweh, and showed them the king's son.
If a man desires a pregnant woman to be married to him, he shall take her as wife.
The king answered the people with a wicked speech; and king Rehoboam forsook the counsel of the old men.
Rejoice for the kings of Israel.
How long shall it be, you who fight against one another, and destroy it, as a wall of a tower, or as a wall to fall on?
Then I will ask, Shall all Israel fall? shall they not rise? for it is too much; for their iniquities have brought salvation to the Gentiles, but they have stirred them up.
The elders of the assembly shall be like the rulers of God: they shall not be proud, nor wrathful, neither shall they be violent, neither shall they profane, nor seek unrighteous gain.
The oxen and the silver and the gold of Abram were many.
Hate stirs up strife, But love covers all transgressions.
Our bones are scattered by the edge of the grave, As a man sifts out the ground.
Some of them followed him, and some of them mourned and wept for him.
In the time of their wrath, when they were angry with us, the sun lifted us up, and devoured us.
The locusts arose throughout all the land of Egypt, and lived throughout all the land of Egypt, and destroyed all the kingdoms of it. There was no locust like it at that time, neither was there any more.
He who gives to the needy doesn't come to poverty, But he who doesn't see, he is cursed.
If you sit with a ruler, show kindness to those who are before you.
He who is high priest among his brothers shall dip the anointing oil on his head; and he shall bear the holy title; he shall wear holy garments: he shall not break the hair of his head, nor torn his clothes.
For all know your obedience. Therefore I rejoice for you. But I want you to stand up for the good, and to be wise in the evil.
I command you in the sight of God and Christ Jesus, and in the sight of the angels who are chosen, that you observe these things, and don't be afraid, nor be dismayed in anything.
So they feared Yahweh, and made priests of the high places out of all the people, who sacrificed to them in the high places.
This thing is righteous in the eyes of God forever and ever.
Make yourself a good counselor in all things. When it is time to teach, be patient and patient.
You shall eat the flesh of the ram for a consecration in a holy place.
I know it. Why is it right for a man to be justified before God?
For whatever is done, and whatever is hidden, whether it is good or bad, God will judge.
He was king over Judah in Hebron seven years and six months; and he reigned over all Israel and Judah in Jerusalem thirty-three years.
Why then will you die, you and your people, by the sword, and by the famine, and by the pestilence, according to the word of Yahweh, that you will not serve the king of Babylon?
I left the robes of Capernaum in Troas; and when you came, bring them, and bring the books, even the books of the sheep's skin.
Then you say, What knows God? Will he see through darkness, and judge?
Six days shall labor be necessary for all your work;
Arise, Jerusalem, and do it! Open your snares, Zion, the captivity of the children of Zion.
I will cause all the peoples of the earth, who have heard your name, to be afraid of you, and of you, and to be trembling because of you, this day.
The famine came in the seventh year. As Joseph had said, there was famine in all the countries, but in all the land of Egypt there was bread.
There was also a great eagle, and a great, and a ten foot gate: and behold, the vine stretched out its branches toward him out of the planting place, and raised its branches toward him, and hoped that he might turn again.
He took two chariots and horses; and the king sent after the Syrians, saying, Go and see.
The labor of fools makes them weary; For he doesn't know how to enter into a city.
You shall make the breastplate of blue, purple, scarlet, on the sides of the breastplate round about; and the heart of the breastplate round about shall be of gold.
The city has the glory of God. The light of the city is like the precious stones of the most holy ones. It sparkles like the light of springs of water.
that Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon took Jeconiah the son of Jehoiakim king of Judah, and all the honorable men of Jerusalem, whom they didn't take away from Jerusalem to Babylon.
But if any man turns to himself to be Christ's, consider whether he is Christ's, and we are Christ's.
When the husband is yet alive, the woman shall be rebuked; and if the husband dies, she shall give to him who loves her, but to him who believes in the Lord.
You have made a covenant with David my father, whom you have promised to your servant. You have spoken with your mouth, and with your hands have you established it, as it is this day.
for two hundred shekels of pomegranates; and for one shekel two hundred shekels of water, and two hundred shekels of pomegranates for the two corners of the pillars;
that you may be saved in the latter days by those who believe and are sanctified by the power of God.
So did Rehum the governor, and Shemaiah the scribe, who were about to send letters to the men of Jerusalem, and to the king of Arashias:
You shall also prepare a place for me to dwell, for I hope that God will hear your prayer, that I may come to you.
When you sit at the table, ask the poor, the sick, the lame, the blind,
What will you do when you are cut off? Though it is good for you to be clothed with scarlet, and to cover your eyes with embroidered work, it is vanity. Your love despises you, and seeks your life.
For the counsel of God is more righteous and righteous, so that they may be perfect with us.
He washed their feet, and put on his cloak, and came again to sit down, and said to them, Do you understand what I have done to you?
These are the animals which you shall eat: oxen, rams, goats,
The proud have hidden their snares and their cords from me. They have set a trap by the way. Yahweh is determined to harm me. Selah.
I saw the holy city, Jerusalem, coming down from heaven like a new winepress, to meet the bridegroom.
Will he counsel me with a mighty hand? No, but he will listen to me.
In the seventh year you shall have a great rest, a rest for Yahweh: you shall not till your fields, nor till your vineyards.
But you are like water, and you shall not stand: for you have defiled your father's bed, and my bed, and you have defiled it;
My days are fulfilled. My counsel and my thoughts are turned away from me.
The city is laid waste. The gates of it are broken down.
The chief priests and the chief priests took him, and put him to death, and sentenced him to death.
The words of the wise are like thorns, And their snuffing is like a snuff lamp: All this is the gift of a shepherd.
Now I know that Yahweh has delivered his anointed, and has heard his words out of his holy heavens, and has delivered him with the power of his right hand.
that no man may see you fasting, but that the Father may see you. So the Father who watches silently will reward you.
Yahweh is near to those who fear him, And will show them his covenant.
So he preached peace to all, and reconciled you to the Gentiles who were far from God, and to the Jews who were near to God.
If your heart be merciful to the hungry, And gives rest to the afflicted, Then your light will shine in the darkness, And your darkness will be as the day.
If a prophet dreams, he shall dream his dream. He who receives my word shall declare my word in truth. Why do flint and barley fail? says Yahweh.
Jehu said, Bring him down; and they brought him down; and his blood was on the wall and on the horse, and he treaded with his feet.
The king said to him, Go in peace. Absalom arose, and went with Hebron.
Don't rejoice in me, my enemies. Though I fall, I will rise again. I sit in darkness, Yahweh is my light.
The breastplate is a whirlwind; it is joined to one another. Its length is a whirlwind, and its breadth is a whirlwind.
Your throne is built up. You have been from everlasting.
Say to Shemaiah the Nehelamite,
He said to them, Go into the village that is beyond you, and when you enter in, you will find a donkey that hasn't been snared yet, and you will lift it up and bring it there.
Will justice be given to him who hates justice? Will you condemn him who is righteous and mighty?
You shall remember that you were a servant in the land of Egypt, and Yahweh your God brought you forth out of it with a mighty hand, and with a stretched out arm: therefore Yahweh your God commanded you to keep an Sabbath.
Yahweh will deliver you up this day into my hand, and I will strike you, and kill your head; and this day I will take the body of the army of the Philistines, and will give it to the birds of the sky, and to the animals of the earth, that all the peoples of the earth may know that there is a God in Israel;
Jonathan said to the young man who carried him, Come, let us go into the camp of the circumcision, lest Yahweh do anything for us; for Yahweh's salvation is the least of all.
For Christ has freed us, that we may be freed. Stand therefore, and don't be slaves to men.
A certain man of the Levites went, and took a woman of the Levites, and she became his wife.
These are those who were numbered of them: Moses, Aaron, and the twelve princes of Israel, according to their families.
For the tent was a parable before, offering both gifts and sacrifices, which can't be made perfect by the heart of the worshipper.
David said to God, Isn't it my commandment to number the people? I have sinned a great evil; but what are these flocks? Yahweh my God, stretch out your hand on me, and on my father's house, and don't strike your people with the pestilence.
We returned to your servant, my father, and told him the words of my lord.
A righteous man abhors the righteous, But he who walks uprightly abhors the wicked.
You shall not defile yourselves with all these things; for all the nations which I have driven out before you shall defile yourselves with all these things.
When the ox is with you, don't leave his mouth alone.
Thus, Yahweh, is your enemy who reproaches you, Who reproaches your anointed continually.
Don't you know that from ancient times there are men in the world?
Behold, this city is near, and I may flee there; but this city is also young: let me therefore flee there, and preserve my life: isn't this a young city?
For whatever we ask of God, we will receive, because we have done that which is pleasing in his sight.
The harvest comes, and the innards are twins.
Go against Midian, and avenge the children of Israel; and you shall die therein.
They ate all the food of the Spirit, and they drank all the water of the Spirit.
Come, you young men, your widows, and your widows.
Therefore I will again do marvels to this people; marvels and marvels: the wisdom of the wise will be destroyed, and the understanding of the wise will be covered.
If a man doesn't respect his neighbor, and doesn't respect his own house, he is more perverse in faith than he who doesn't believe.
When the multitudes saw that he was walking, and that he glorified God,
Immediately, when he saw it, he followed him, and glorified God. When the multitudes saw it, they glorified God.
That you may know the truth without adversity, That you may bless those who send you with the truth.
If they turn to you in the land of their captivity, in the land of their enemies who captivity, with all their heart and with all their soul, and turn to their land, the land which you gave to their fathers, and the city which you have chosen, and the house which I have built for your name, when I pray to you;
It happened, when the princes of the people, and all the tribes of Israel, were gathered together, that he reigned in Eshron.
I am old and beautiful, daughters of Jerusalem, As the tents of Kedar, As the veil of Solomon.
He is oppressed and in affliction, yet he doesn't open his mouth. He is carried away as a lamb to the slaughter, and as a lamb that doesn't raise its voice before those who keep the gate, so he doesn't open his mouth.
For though you are a people of God, don't speak in the midst of you of sexual immorality, or of covetousness, or of covetousness.
You are a father's son, and your son loathes you. Will you give him stones?
David said to Saul, Who am I, and what do I have? and what is the house of my father in Israel, that I should be king's son-in-law?
He shall build the house of Yahweh; and he shall be glorified, and shall sit on his throne, and shall rule; and he shall be priest in his throne; and there shall be counsel of peace between them.
But I will go up after you into Galilee.
For his God teaches and instructs him according to the law.
None of the families of Melchizedek knew what his father-in-law was, nor what his mother's name was, except as it is written in the book of the stories of death. As he is a priest, so he is with the Son of God.
You shall make a lampstand of pure gold, and the base of the lampstand, and the pillars of it, and the cups of it, and the pins of it, and the flowers of it, of beaten work.
You shall not have in your bed two beds, one great, and one small.
The captain of the ship came to him, and said to him, Why are you such a good sleeper? Arise, call on your God, that he may see us, that we may not perish.
Peter went out after the angel. He didn't know that the angel was doing the truth, but he saw visions.
Take the shield of greatness, and help me.
But the ten went to Galilee, to the mountain where Jesus had set them.
He brings forth waters out of the rock, And causes them to come down as rivers.
and he made his house to walk one by one, and took Achan the son of Calmi, the son of Zabdi, the son of Zerah, of the tribe of Judah.
When the Pharisees saw it, they said to him, Behold, your disciples do nothing on the Sabbath day.
Neither did he listen to the unrighteous speech of the Jews, nor to the reproach of the truth.
Yahweh said to Moses, Go in to Pharaoh; for I have made his heart and the heart of his servants strong, that I may show my signs among them;
You shall overlay it with pure gold round about. You shall make a golden grating round about.
Let each man live according to the gift of the Lord, according to the commandment of God, according to his own self-control. This is the teaching of the assembly that I teach.
if the husband hears it, and doesn't hold his peace, then all the vows which he vows shall be fulfilled, and his covenant which he made with himself shall be fulfilled.
Jacob said, Let the sheep drink water while the sun is still on, and let them eat grass while the sun is still on.
They will do these things, because they don't know the Father, nor I.
Say, You are my sister. Peace be to me for you. My life also shall live from you.
When I heard these words, I sat down, and wept a few days, and fasted before Yahweh in heaven, and prayed, saying,
Therefore set your face toward Jerusalem, which is under siege, and lift up your hands toward it, and prophesy against it.
Peter therefore said to him, What do we get, seeing we have forsaken all things to follow you?
It happened on the next day, on the next day after the Sabbath, that the chief priests and the Pharisees came together to Pilate,
They are the children of fools, The children of the deceitful. They are beaten down, and cast out of the land.
It happened, while he was still speaking, that Judas, who was among the twelve, came, and brought with them swords and axes, from the chief priests, scribes, and elders.
Others were slain with stones, and with rods, and with the sword; and some with rams' skins, and with goats' skins, and with sackcloth, and with poverty, and with trouble, and with violence;
When you have passed over the Jordan, stand on Mount Ebal, and take the stones, which I command you this day, and burn them with blood.
You shall be hidden from the adversary of your tongue. When the plague comes, you shall not be afraid.
The army, which Amaziah sent, didn't allow them to go with him to the war: and they struck the cities of Judah, from Samaria even to Beth Horon, and killed three thousand men, and took spoil.
But if we live in the light, as God lives in the light, then we will be justified, and the blood of his Son Jesus will be poured out on us.
Don't they know that they are disappointed in their abominations? No, they are not disappointed, neither are their faces blemished: therefore they shall fall among those who stumble; and when I visit them, they shall stumble, says Yahweh.
I said to the king, If the king is pleased, and if your servant finds favor in your sight, please send me to Judah, to the city which my fathers have set up in the cloud, and I will go there again.
The Pharisees and the scribes murmured, saying, This man receives the sinners, and eats with them.
Hear this word, you elders. Listen, you inhabitants of the land. Have you done this thing in your days, or in the days of your fathers?
So all the work of the gathering of the tent of meeting was finished; as Yahweh commanded Moses, so did the children of Israel.
But if any man enters into any city, and doesn't receive you, then you shall go out to their great street, and say,
When he was hungry in the house of Mattai, many tax collectors and sinners came to sit with his disciples.
Loving kindness and truth burn on the earth. Righteousness and peace burn on the earth.
Your servant has struck the lion and the hare, and this uncircumcised Philistine shall be like one of them; for he has defied the army of Yahweh, who lives forever.
When I afflict Israel, the iniquity of Ephraim and the sins of Samaria were revealed; for they did so in vain: in them came in robbers, and in them was a snare.
Joseph gave them his food before him, but Benjamin received five times more than any man. They drank and were glad with Joseph.
He shall offer the offering of Yahweh: if he offers a bird for a burnt offering, he shall offer a pig, or a young pigeon for a offering.
If I lift up my head, You will chase me like a lion, And show your wonders to me.
You shall be swollen in the daytime, as the blind see, and shall not touch; and your way shall not prosper; it shall be oppressed and taken away continually, and no one shall save you.
Therefore I tell you, all sins, and all blasphemies, shall be forgiven you; but whoever profanes the Holy Spirit shall not be forgiven.
Woe to him who counsels his Lord! For he is one of the few in the midst of the earth! Can the dust say to the dust, What do you do? Or what do you do, Is he without hand?
Then Elisha ran from the oxen, and came to Elijah after him, and said, Please let me first kiss my father, and then I will come after you. He said to him, Go, and what have I done to you?
This is a lamentation, and men shall lament it, and the daughters of the nations shall lament it; and they shall lament it for Egypt and for its people, says the Lord Yahweh.
Manasseh's border went from Asher to Beth Betha, that is before Shechem; and the border went toward the right hand, to the inhabitants of Enthapoth.
The word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
Mordecai wrote these things, and wrote to all the Jews who were round about the king Ahasuerus,
I will also lay the dead bodies of the children of Israel before their idols, and will cast your bones round about your altars.
He who is upright in the earth shall die, and he who is unrighteous among men; and they shall be buried to kill, and they shall be slain by their brothers.
I have opened the springs of waters for myself, And have sown the fruit of the trees.
Therefore I will cut off the flesh of all the people, and of all the kingdoms, and of all the sluggards, who speak against Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego; and their houses shall become a desolation, because no god shall save them like this.
Therefore I will return my grain to them in the day of harvest, and my new wine in the day of wine making; and I will give it to them to bring back my sheep's hair and my mules.
I have not hidden my eye from the desire of my eyes. I have not restricted my heart from the joy of it. For my soul rejoices in the labor of my hands. This is my portion from all my labor.
Saul came to Amalek, and hid himself in the valley.
All the children of Israel shall be justified by Yahweh, and shall boast.
Therefore hear you the word of the Lord Yahweh, mountain of Israel: Thus says the Lord Yahweh, from the mountains, and from the cliffs, and from the wells, and from the valleys, and from the desolate cities, and from the forsaken cities, that the remnant of the Gentiles may be cut off round about them.
His brothers came and fell on their faces, and said, We are your servants.
Paul called to the captain of the guard, and said, Take this young man, and bring him to the captain of the guard, for he has something to tell him.
Don't envy the wicked, Neither be envious of them.
When his lord heard the words of his wife which she had spoken to him, Your servant has dealt with me like this. He was angry.
Hannah said, May your handmaid find favor in your sight. She went home, and ate and drink, and didn't rejoice any more.
Hear, my son, and be wise, and lead your heart in a straight way.
It pleased the king and all his princes, and the king did according to the word of Memucan.
He set stones against David, and against the servants of king David: and all the people and the mighty men were in the king's place.
They clap like a chariot on the mountain, And shout like a burning bush, Like a people in a battle.
For he has multiplied rebellion in his sins. He has struck the hands in our midst, And has poured out many words against God.
I will make you desolate forever, and you shall have no man in your cities; and you shall know that I am Yahweh.
Rise up early in the morning, and lie in wait; and eat the bread of your labors, and do nothing: and Yahweh will give rest to those whom Yahweh loves.
One of the scribes came to test him, saying,
It happened at the time of the evening offering, that Elijah the prophet came near, and said, Yahweh, the God of Israel, Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, let men know this day that you are God in Israel, and that I am your servant, and have done all these things according to your word.
Samuel said to Jesse, Are all your sons here? He answered, There is still a son who is yet alive, and he is feeding. Samuel said to Jesse, Send for him; for he is yet alive, and we will not sit down.
When I was a child, I spoke like a child, and was baptized like a child, and was taught like a child. But now I am a great man, and have forsaken the child.
David said to the Gibeonites, What shall I do for you? and with what shall I subdue you, that you may bless the inheritance of Yahweh?
When the scribes of the city had given rest to all the people, they said, Who doesn't know, Ephraim, that the city of Ephraim is come down out of the house of Ademi, and out of the sky, the lion of the holy stone?
Then I told this thing to the people in the morning, saying, My wife dies in the evening. In the morning I walked according to the commandment.
He opened the bow, and made me a scepter.
Who in his heart says, This man is he who forgives sin?'
You hide your face, and they fear. You gather their breath, and they die in the dust.
and that they should be light in the skies of heavens, and shine on the earth; and so they did.
He commanded our fathers with a bribe, and he dealt treacherously with our people, and commanded them to put their little ones outside, that they might die.
Keep your servant in good standing. Don't let the proud oppress me.
When he had made an end of speaking with the people, he set up those who sang to Yahweh, and put on holy and beautiful garments, and went before the army to praise Yahweh, saying, Give thanks to Yahweh; for his loving kindness endures forever.
My father made your yoke heavy, and I will add to your yoke. My father chastised you with whips, and I will chastise you with scorpions.'
When they fled from Beth Horon before the children of Israel, Yahweh struck them with a great hail from the sky, until he had made an end of killing them at Asherah, more than the slain who were slain by the sword.
But the princes of Babylon sent messengers to him to inquire of all the wonders of the land; and God departed from him in this matter, to test him, that he might know all that was in him.
When he saw that he was dead, he gave him Joseph's body.
The good man brings forth good from his recompense, But the wicked from his recompense, from his wickedness.
Though we rebelled against the Lord our God, But our mercy was with him,
The heavens that are on your head shall become brass, And the land before your feet shall become iron.
Now God has raised up our Lord Jesus, and made an everlasting covenant through the blood of Jesus, that he might become a shepherd of the flock.
Therefore if anyone tells you, Behold, the Christ is in the wilderness,' don't go out; or, Behold, the Christ is in the chambers,' don't believe.
I write these things to you, that they may deceive you.
Don't be afraid of your affliction, for, behold, the devil will put some of you in prison, and afflict you, and you will be afflicted ten days: but until you die, I will give you the crown of your life.
that his eyes may see that he is destroyed, and that he himself drinks of the wrath of the Almighty.
Your memory of Zimri is like a fire. Your camp is a heap of dust.
Moreover I will cause those who oppress you to eat their flesh, and they shall drink their blood to the waters, as it is true: and all who are uncovered shall know that I am Yahweh your Savior, and your Redeemer, and the Mighty One of Jacob.
They said in their heart, Let's destroy it all. They burnt up the synagogues of God in the earth.
His flesh is finer than the flesh of a child. He will return to the days of his youth.
They shall not see the land which I swore to their fathers: all those who despise me shall not see it.
Their houses will be full of robbers. They will be full of robbers. Therefore they will be great and rich.
David and all Israel sang before Yahweh with all their might, with harps, with psalteries, with psalteries, with cymbals, with psalteries, and with psalteries.
They told these things to Mary Magdalene, and to John, and to Mary the mother of James, and to the rest of the women who were with them.
Sing praises, Israel! Call for help! Let the inhabitants of Jerusalem rejoice with all their heart.
Some of his disciples said to him, What means these words, that he says to us, You can't see me if you don't see me, but you can see me if you don't see me?' and, Because I am going to my Father?'
and you shall not go out now on the Sabbath from your house; neither shall you do any work; but you shall make the Sabbath a holy day, as I commanded your fathers in the days of old.
and they came to the priests who bore the ark of the covenant of the Lord Yahweh, who stood by the waters of the Jordan; and the waters of the Jordan, which came down from above, were broken, and stood up as a wall of waters.
He took all his livestock, and all his wares, and all his wares, which he found in Paddan Aram: and he went into the land of Canaan, and went to his father Isaac.
Jesus said to them, How then did David, when he was given into the Holy Spirit, call Christ Lord, saying,
For Sheol can't give thanks, Nor will she die to praise you. He who lies in the clouds can't hope for your truth.
Let's therefore do good to all, and let's also be wiser to those who are of a great faith, to those who are of a great family.
In the morning you shall plant your seed, and in the evening you shall not rest your hand; for you don't know which of these is good, which of these is bad, or which of the two is good.
Then the fire was burning on the mountain, and you heard the voice of the voice out of the darkness: and all the princes of your tribes, and all the elders, came to me.
All the sailors shall pass through; and if any man sees a man's bones, he shall set up a memorial there, until he is buried in the valley of Hamon Gog.
You shall command the richest of the gold, that they not be proud, nor that their hope be put into a treasury that is not fixed, but that they trust in the God of our salvation.
We have been blasphemed, yet we have answered graciously. Now we are called the snares of the world, the snares of all things.
He is hungry, and wants to take the sack of bread, and eat it; and no one will give him food to eat.
Solomon made all the vessels of the house of Yahweh, the golden altar, and the table for the presentation of cakes, of gold.
He set bread on it before Yahweh, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
He shall be destroyed, as a man destroys a potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's potter's
When Gideon heard the words of this dream, and his sayings, he worshiped Yahweh, and returned to the camp of Israel, and said, Arise; for Yahweh has delivered into your hand the army of Midian.
The men turned from there, and turned to Sodom. Abraham stood before Yahweh.
The Philistines were subdued from that time forward, and could not enter again into the land of Israel: and the hand of Yahweh was against the Philistines all the days of Samuel.
Shall Achan, the son of Zerah, not sin in the thing which he offers, and anger come on all the congregation of the children of Israel? not one of them die in his sin which he has sinned.
Hear, my people, and I will testify against you. Listen to me, Israel.
Jacob will strengthen his roots. Israel will blossom, and their fruit will fill the world.
It happened in the middle of the night, that Elijah muttered with them, and said, Sing with a loud voice; for he is a god, and he has been silent in his thoughts, or in his hiding place, or in his way, or in his sleep.
I said to the proud, Don't be proud. To the wicked, Don't be proud.
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance.
David said to Abigail, Blessed be Yahweh, the God of Israel, for he has sent you this day to meet me.
When he had driven them out, he entered into the chamber of the young lady, and took hold of her hand. The young lady arose.
The threshing floor and the winepress will not feed them. The hope of new wine is vanity.
When you blow, the sea covers them. They are as a camp in the midst of the waters.
Therefore, when you sacrifice, don't be like the hypocrites who blow trumpets in synagogues and in the streets, to be commended by men: most assuredly I tell you, they have received their reward.
This is the assurance which we have of God through Christ.
You shall make an altar of acacia wood: its length shall be five cubits, and its breadth five cubits; it shall be four corners, and its height shall be three cubits.
Shaphan the scribe said to the king, Hilkiah the priest has given me a book. Shaphan read it before the king.
For I know that your faith endures hardship.
The appearance of the chariots and their works is like the appearance of a liar; and the appearance of the four wheels is like the appearance of a wheel, and their appearance and their works are like the appearance of a chariot among the wheels.
that the God of strength and comfort may be with all your heart and with all your soul, that you may learn the mystery of Christ Jesus;
They shall not go up to the house of Yahweh, neither shall their sacrifices please him: they shall eat as the food of the dead, and every meal shall be polluted; for their food shall be for their own use, and they shall not enter into the house of Yahweh.
The land of Tappah was Manasseh; but the land of Tappah in the border of Manasseh was the children of Ephraim.
But there was a need, and no one could take it away, because she had found it good.
A foe shall not prevail against him. The wicked shall not afflict him.
Remember that the Lord will reward you, that you may inherit from him. You serve the Lord Jesus Christ.
They turned and went up into the valley, and came into the valley of Eshcol, and looked at the land.
You shall offer a burnt offering of a sweet savor to Yahweh: one bull, one ram, seven male lambs a year old without blemish;
He dwells in a quarry. He dwells in a strong and fortified place.
My heart burns me as fire, Because my enemies don't remember your words.
by offering a sacrifice once to him, that the saints may be perfected forever.
Yahweh said to me, Woe to all the inhabitants of the land from the north country!
The astonishment of those who see it is great.
Their eyes opened, and they perceived that it was Jesus, and immediately he was revealed to them.
The cloud remained in the tent of meeting, two days, or a month, or a year: and the children of Israel encamped there, and didn't go out; but the cloud returned, and they went out.
The king commanded Ashpenaz, the captain of the guard, to bring certain men from among the kings of Israel, and from the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the princes of the prince
He doesn't break the cords of wounds. He doesn't break the flames of rebuke. He teaches righteousness in truth.
They went out of Rephidim, and came into the wilderness of Sinai, and encamped in the wilderness; and the children of Israel encamped before the mountain.
Some of the men of Jerusalem said, Isn't this the man whom they hope to kill?
I was slain in the night. I arose in a deep place on the earth. My body didn't hide itself from you.
After he had given thanks, he opened his mouth, and gave them the bread, and said, This is my flesh, which you offer for me. Do this, and remember me.
the donkeys were six hundred and one thousand;
You shall make bread of the first fruits of your harvest, and you shall offer it for a wave offering; and you shall go up as the grain of the threshing floor.
We have been slain for your sake all day long. They see us as a sheep that is to be slain.
Balaam arose early in the morning, and saddled the donkey, and went with the princes of Moab.
He who is little has knowledge, But he who is whole has understanding.
For they themselves are called the people of the holy city, by the God of Israel: Yahweh of Armies is his name.
Moreover his lord said to him, Give you authority over five cities.'
Afraid of the sword, for anger is a punishment of the sword, that you may know judgment.
If you say in your heart, How will we know the word that Yahweh has not spoken?
Take a rod in your hand, and do signs with it.
When we burnt incense in our ear, we served it with bread. When we served it, didn't our husband pay attention?
You lie down, you shall not be afraid. You lie down on your bed, you shall have a good sleep.
I took the princes of Judah, and went up to the wall, and made the divisions of praise and thanks great; and they went up on the wall from the right side to the left of the gate.
For you will be as a dry tree, As a dry field without water.
He prayed humblely, and obeyed until he died; and he died on the cross.
When Jesus saw a young donkey, he jumped on it, and stood. As it is written,
Let the wicked fall into their own devises, When the wicked pursue the afflicted in their pride.
The same will be done to those who are made, that they may be thrown down, and that they may be thrown down, and that they may not be made to fall.
even as you commanded your servants the prophets, saying, The land which you have gone to possess it is an unclean land, for the uncleanness of the peoples of the countries, and for their abominations; for they have filled the land from one end to another with filthiness.
But if you aren't rulers over your children, you are not rulers over your children.
The fugitives have no understanding. They are born as young donkeys.
and he delivered the money to the men who labored, and gave it to the house of Yahweh.
Then you shall cry, and Yahweh will hear you; and you shall beg him, and he will say, I am here: if you take away from among you the yoke of the wall, and the snare of the man, and the snare of the woman;
The men of the city said to Joash, Bring forth your son, that he may die; for he has broken down the altar of Baal, and cut down the Asherim by the altar.
Jacob went out from Beersheba. The children of Israel sat in the chariots of Pharaoh, Jacob their father, and their wives, with their children.
Joseph remembered the dreams which he had dreamed concerning them, and said to them, You are a spy, that you may come and spy out the truth of the land.
Therefore, beloved, stand still, and don't be moved. Do the work of the Lord with all your heart and with all your soul, for you know that the work of the Lord is nothing.
Look at your enemies, Yahweh. Your enemies shall perish. All those who do evil shall be scattered.
Your eyes will not see evil, nor see wickedness. You who commit iniquity, why do you look at them? You who destroy more than he who is righteous, why do you look at yourself?
All its fat shall be taken away, as the fat of a lamb, for a sacrifice of peace offerings. The priest shall burn it on the altar, as the offering made by fire to Yahweh: so shall the priest make atonement for him concerning his sin which he has sinned, and he shall be forgiven.
The child is dead. What will I fast for? Will I bring him again? I will go to him, but he can't come to me.
So I ran, and didn't flee. I stumbled, and didn't stumble.
The king's portion shall be on the feast, on the first day of the month, and on the first day of the month, every Sabbath, and on the appointed feast of the house of Israel; and he shall offer burnt offerings, and meal offerings, and drink offerings; and he shall prepare a sin offering, and meal offering, and a burnt offering, and peace offerings, for the house of Israel.
Now your throne is no more; for Yahweh has found a man of his heart, and Yahweh has appointed him to sit on the throne of his people; because you have not done that which Yahweh commanded you.
Phobia and trembling surround me. Perverseness surrounds me.
While he was yet alive, there was no drought nor rain, neither high nor low, day nor night.
In the twenty-seventh year of Jeroboam king of Israel began Azariah the son of Amaziah king of Judah to reign.
Your dead will live, and my dead will rise. Rise up, you who lie in the dust, and sing; for the iniquity of God is like the iniquity of the grass, and the earth will be brought forth out of the cloud.
David hurried, and stood before the Philistine, and drew out his sword, and struck him with the sword, and killed his head. When all the Philistines saw that their mighty men were dead, they hurried.
Absalom said, If not, let Amnon my brother go with us. The king said, Why should he go with you?
They shall not be joined to him who is the first, but the whole body shall be glorified by him, and the throne and the root shall be established according to the will of God.
The priests who bore the ark of the covenant of Yahweh stood in the dry place by the Jordan; and all Israel passed through the dry place, until all the people had passed over the Jordan.
But Yahweh was angry with me because of you, and didn't listen to me: therefore Yahweh said to me, You have enough; don't rebuke this thing again from me.
The men of Judah made an end of accusing them, and their children, and all who came near to them, to keep these two days for feasts, as it is written, and as it is appointed, year by year, that they might not be cut off.
They gathered themselves together against Moses and against Aaron, and said, You are mighty, and all the congregation are holy, and Yahweh is among them: why do you triumph over Yahweh's congregation?
David said to him, Don't you be afraid, seeing you have killed the anointed of Yahweh with your hand?
Every meal offering baked in the coals, and every meal offering prepared on the potsherd, and on the pansherd, shall be brought to the priest who offers the meal offering.
Laban said, There is no one who does so here, before he has conceived, before he has conceived, and before he has conceived.
He passed by the gate of Ephraim, the gate of the pier, the gate of the fish, the gate of Hananel, and the gate of Hameah, until he came to the gate of the sheepfold; and he sat down at the gate of the entrance.
But the Lord said to them, Isn't it right for you, hoofs and donkeys, every man on the Sabbath, to eat sin, from every man's calf or from every man's donkey?
Peter said to them, Refresh yourselves, and let everyone be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, that your sins may be forgiven you, and that you may receive the Holy Spirit of God.
Behold, he is now hidden in a cave, or in another place; and whoever hears him shall say, There are slain of the inhabitants of Absalom.'
The king who anointed him said, I will declare the Holy One; and Yahweh said to me, You are my son, and I have conceived you this day.
They shall take armor, and chariots, and chariots of fine linen, and shall bring a great multitude against you; and they shall take a great shield, and a scepter, and shall put it on their heads round about you; and I will give judgment to them, and they shall judge you by their law.
So Asa went out against him, and set the battle in array against him in the valley of Zephath of Mareshah.
Make their hearts heavy. Bring your curse on them.
For the false Christ and the false prophets will appear, and will perform signs and wonders, and will conspire against the chosen ones of God.
For they see the morning as a shadow, For they are very faint in the shadow.
The length of it was four thousand five hundred in the north, and four thousand five hundred in the south, and four thousand five hundred in the east, and four thousand five hundred in the south.
For he said to Moses, I will be merciful to him who delights in mercies, And I will shed light on him who delights in shed light.
The children of Israel again did that which was evil in the sight of Yahweh: and Yahweh delivered them into the hand of Midian seven years.
Those who were taken were in safety, and they didn't hear the voice of their work.
For the land trembled because of the voice of Babylon; and the earth trembled; and they cried out with a loud voice among the peoples.
From thirty years old and upward even to fifty years old, everyone who enters into the service in the Tent of Meeting shall number himself.
That you may know that Yahweh is your God, if you don't eat bread, and if you don't drink pure wine, and if you don't drink wine,
He who loves his brother or his sister lives in light, and doesn't fall into sin.
Wash me with oxen, and I will be clean. Wash me, and I will be whiter than snow.
A man is not created for a woman, but a woman is created for a man.
They came to Gedaliah to Mizpah; and they came with them: Ishmael the son of Nethaniah, and Johanan the son of Kareah, and Jonathan, and Shelaiah the son of Tanhumeth, and Jaazaniah the son of Maacah, all the sons of Nethaniah, and their men.
He said to his disciples, There is a rich man, and he has a lordship. He has a lordship over his possessions.
Now the Father has sanctified me, and sent me into the world. Why do I say, I am the Son of God, and you say that I profane God?'
He poured out his hand on the ground in the valley, and pleased himself with his might. He went out to meet the soldiers.
They shall not take a wife of a lame man, nor a wife of a widow; neither shall they take a wife of a divorced man; for they are holy to their God.
The man of God went with the old prophet, and ate bread and drink water in his house.
Jesus said, Most assuredly I tell you, unless you change your mind, you will be as a child, and you will not enter into the Kingdom of Heaven.
The spear of the family of Saul was to be used against Jonathan; and Jonathan knew that his father was plotting to kill David.
Yahweh has sworn, and will not relent, saying, You shall be priest forever, as Melchizedek.
Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard carried away these men to Riblah, to the king of Babylon.
The thief comes to steal, to kill, and to destroy. I come to give them abundant life.
The time is come, and the days are coming. Don't let the buyer rejoice, neither let the seller be sad; for the wrath is on all of them.
He gathered the congregation together to the door of the tent of meeting.
He brought me again to the innermost parts, and measured me according to the measure which was before.
They sang a new song, and said, You will take the scroll, and break it open; for you have been slain, and have poured out your blood on all the peoples, and on all the languages, and on all the peoples, and on all the peoples.
It was a day of fasting for the Jews, and the tomb was not far off. They buried him there.
Moses' father-in-law was a Kenite; and his sons and the sons of Judah went up with them out of the city of their fathers' houses, and came to the wilderness of Judah on the south of the Arabah, where they lived with them.
If I don't do the Father's work, don't believe me.
The footstool of the righteous is Yahweh's, And Yahweh loves the way of the righteous.
It happened, when the sun was going down, that a rebuke was spread among the army, saying, Every man to his own city, and every man to his own land.
Is it appropriate that you should bring this man to me, who is foolish? Will he enter into my house?
He made two cherubim of acacia wood in the inner court, each one ten cubits high.
It is better to kill with the sword than to kill with a robber; for it is a waste of land, and a waste, as a robber passes by.
They shall hear your words: go you, and the elders of Israel, to the king of Egypt, and tell him, Yahweh, the God of the Hebrews, has found us; now therefore let us go into the wilderness, and walk three days' journey, to sacrifice to Yahweh our God.
and one male goat for a sin offering; besides the continual burnt offering, and the meal offering of it, and the drink offering of it.
These are the seven stars which you saw in my right hand, and the seven lamps of gold: the seven stars are the seven angels of the assembly, and the seven lamps are the seven assemblies.
The men said one to another, This Daniel, besides the law of his God, we can't find his deceit.
When the sailors of the city met me, I said to them, Have you seen what my soul desires?
There shall be three things in a tumultuous place, and four things in a tumult that can't be carried away:
Then Haman went in. The king said to him, What shall the king do to the man whom the king delights to honor? He said in his heart, Who is better than me to the man whom the king delights to honor?
The Levites departed from their suburbs, and from their inheritance, to Judah and Jerusalem; for Jeroboam and his sons had dispensed them, and didn't allow them to do the service of the priesthood to Yahweh.
I don't seek my own glory, but a word asks me, and it is the judge of this matter.
Now therefore sin against Yahweh, the God of your fathers, and do that which is pleasing to him, and separate yourself from the peoples of the nations, and from the daughters of the foreigners.
Then the governor's officers brought him into the governor's house, and they gathered together all the army, and took him.
The sea was on twelve oxen, three toward the north, three toward the west, three toward the south, and three toward the east; and the sea was on the oxen, and the oxen toward the north.
He answered me, This is the word which Yahweh spoke to Zerubbabel, saying, It is not power, nor might, but my Spirit, says Yahweh of Armies.
Out of the tribe of Gad, Ramoth Gilead, the city of refuge for the slain, with its suburbs, and Mahanaim with its suburbs,
Behold, I will give this city into the hand of the Chaldeans, and into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and he shall take it.
For he teaches, and is not like their scribes.
I want to tell you that Timothy, our brother, is gone out of prison. If he comes, I will call him and I to you.
You have made my weeping into a dance. You have tied my robe to it. You have draped it with joy.
When the queen of Sheba heard of the name of Solomon, she came to Jerusalem, to test Solomon with a great and clear thing; and there were many of his men, and there were many camels with spices and gold, and precious stones. When she came near to Solomon, she told him all that was in her heart.
Isaac's servants were digging in the valley, and found a spring of living water.
For Yahweh has made Sarah, Abraham's wife, a woman in the house of Abimelech, incapable of bearing children.
Every morning and every evening shall offer burnt offerings to Yahweh, sweet savor; and there shall be a set bread on the holy table, and a golden lampstand and a lampstand for every evening; for we have kept the commandment of Yahweh our God; but you have forsaken it.
He who sits on the throne before his neighbor is a fool.
Now therefore, Yahweh, the God of Israel, our fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Israel, let your people keep this thought, and prepare their hearts to turn to you;
The king said to him, What have you done? He answered, Most assuredly I am a widow, and my husband is dead.
I have not sat in the assembly of the rich. I have remained silent because of your wrath, Because you have filled me with wrath.
Mephibosheth had a son who was old, whose name was Micah: and all the men of the house of Ziba were servants to Mephibosheth.
The wolf shall roar in the camp, and the lion shall roar in the palace of his majesty. Babylon is come from the time of her distress. Her days are not yet fulfilled.
My affliction is profit to me, That I may learn your statutes.
But he said to the wicked, Why do you prophesy my statutes, And speak my covenant with them?
that he might show to the generations to come the fullness of his grace, which is through the loving kindness which he has shown us through Christ Jesus.
Sing to him, sing to him, Pray for all his wonders.
Moses said, I will go out from you, and I will ask of Yahweh that the captains of thousands depart from Pharaoh, and from his servants, and from his people; but Pharaoh shall not do any more deeds, nor let the people go out to sacrifice to Yahweh.
I will scatter you among the nations, and I will scatter you among the countries; and I will take away your abominations from you.
I will make you a great nation, and I will bless you, and will make your name great, and you shall be blessed.
What then is the law? The law is for the knowledge of a trespass, which the angels have ordained through one man, until the coming of the promised Son.
For we have seen and heard that which we don't know.
His master shall bring him to the place where he worships God; and he shall bring him near to the door or to the gate: and his master shall number his ears with the arrows, and he shall serve this master forever.
Have you entered into the waters of the sea? Have you gone into secret places in the deep?
Yahweh spoke to Moses in the plains of Moab by the Jordan at Jericho, saying,
Thus says Yahweh of Armies, the God of Israel: As for Ahab the son of Koraiah, and Zedekiah the son of Maaseiah, who prophesy lies to you in my name, behold, I will deliver them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon, and he shall kill them before you.
Is it the time that I wait for the time of trouble, The day of slain battles?
The children of Israel were very afflicted that day; for Saul swore to the people, saying, Cursed be he who eats, until I have sworn before my enemies to the vengeance. Therefore the people ate no bread.
Jesus said to him, Come, and I will heal him.
He will make the voice of the Lord in the spirit of Elijah, and in the power of the Spirit, to the fatherless and to the widow, and to the rebellious to follow the wisdom of the righteous, and to prepare the hearts of the people to meet the Lord.
and on their fathers' houses, and on their generations, and on their wives, and on their sons, and on their daughters, in all the congregation; for they believed that they were holy in this matter.
The merchants of Sheba and Ramah fought against you: they brought to you all the best spices, and all the precious stones, and all the gold.
Therefore the name of the city was called Babel; for there Yahweh struck the speech of the ears; and Yahweh scattered men from there on the surface of all the earth.
Behold, there is a place here to me, says Yahweh: stand on the rock.
They didn't hope for the altar which they made with their hands, Nor for the beam that was made with their pillars, nor for the sun that was on them.
I saw under the sun that there was wickedness in the land of judgment, and in the land of righteousness there was wickedness.
The grass grew in the morning, and was unfruitful. The frogs grew in the evening.
Son of man, take a sword, and make a sword for your head, and cut off your hair, and your teeth: then you shall pierce it with a rod, and break it open.
But the eyes of the wicked are purple. They have no escape. Their hope is as thick as smoke.
I tell you, Yahweh your God, who lives, there is no nation, nor nation, and my lord doesn't send to you. If they say, he isn't here, then they swear by the people, and say, They shall not find you.
The word of Yahweh came to Jeremiah.
Behold, there shall remain those who are left, the children who are taken captive; and behold, they shall come to you; and you shall see their ways, and their doings, and shall speak concerning all the evil that I have brought on Jerusalem, which I have brought on them; and you shall be comforted.
When they heard me, they waited, and waited for me.
Jehoshaphat walked in the ways of Asa his father, and didn't turn from him, to do that which was right in the eyes of Yahweh: but the high places were not taken away; and the people sacrificed and burnt incense in them.
He redeems your soul from death, And makes love and tender mercies your crown.
But we have such a precious man, as in a vessel made of dust, that the great power may be revealed to God, and not to us.
After these things he passed over to the king of Galilee, which is on the other side of Tiberias.
When the centurion who was before him saw his groaning, he said, Truly this is the Son of God.
the priest shall offer one for a sin offering, and one for a burnt offering; and the priest shall make atonement for him before Yahweh for the plague of his infirmity.
He shall make atonement for the sanctuary of the Holy One, and shall make atonement for the tent of meeting, and for the altar; and he shall make atonement for all the priests, and for all the congregation.
When you call, I answer you. You have a desire in the work of your hands.
He took a silver coin, and showed me the image. Who is this image and the number? They said, Caesar's.
Go to the hill of Abarim, and to the top of Nebo, and to the land of Moab beyond Jericho, and see the land of Canaan, which I have given to the children of Israel for an inheritance.
For I know that you will bring me to death, To the house which is set up for all life.
The judges shall reign; and they shall strike the king's throne, and destroy it, and destroy it to the end of the earth.
In the eighth year you shall till, and eat the fruit of the ground, even the bread of the harvest, until the year of harvest, when the fruit of the year is finished.
All who saw it came out to see it. When they came to Jesus, a demon came out from the man. When they saw that he was clothed with a demon, and sitting at Jesus' feet, they marveled greatly.
They shaved for you, and girded themselves with sackcloth, and wept with a heavy heart, and cried out exceedingly.
God will save Lot, the righteous man, For he has grieved greatly for the wicked.
It happened on the next day in the morning, that the people rose up, and built an altar there, and offered burnt offerings, and offered peace offerings.
and their meal offering and their drink offerings for the bulls, for the rams, and for the lambs, according to their number, after the ordinance.
They found an Egyptian in the field, and brought him to David: and they gave him bread, and he ate, and gave him water to drink.
Joseph looked at his brothers, and saw that they were well-pleasing; and he lied to the blind, and spoke a slanderous word to them, and said to them, Where are you coming from? They said, From the land of Canaan.
They cover me like a perfume, Like a burning fiery fire. I have consumed them in the name of Yahweh.
He made a memorial for the children of Israel in the ephod in the ephod, as Yahweh commanded Moses.
For he will turn your son away from following me, and will serve other gods; and Yahweh will be angry with you, and will drive you away.
In the forty-ninth year that I brought you into the wilderness, there was no blemish on your skin, neither was there any blemish on your feet.
When he lies down, look to the place where he lies, and go into the place where his feet are, and lie down there: and he will tell you what you shall do.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
He has reduced my strength to the uttermost parts. He has made my days a desolation.
They say, It is for the belly, and the belly for the food. But God will destroy both of them. The body is not for sexual immorality, but for the Lord, and the Lord will raise up our bodies.
It happened after these things, that Yahweh struck him, so that his ribs were broken, and he couldn't recover them.
I bowed down before Yahweh, and bowed down forty days and forty nights, because Yahweh said that he would destroy you.
and in the land of the children of Issachar, Kedesh with its suburbs, and Dabir with its suburbs;
The rings of gold that were set were fifty shekels; and the clasps of it were of gold.
But if a man finds a pregnant woman in the field, he will kill her; but he who kills her will die.
All who were numbered of them, from twenty years old and upward, were sixty-three thousand five hundred fifty, weighing each one of them according to the weight of the scepter which was in the sanctuary; and they gave every man ten shekels of silver, even one Pekah.
But he answered them, Woe to you also, you law teachers! For you have given men a burden that is no more; but you yourselves refuse to bend a finger and despise them.
Laban went and took the sheep; and Rachel stole the idols of their father's house.
Three days went he out of the midst of it; and the whole land was darkened.
five hundred frankincense, and a hin of oil, according to the measure of the sanctuary.
Take heed to yourself, and keep your precepts, and do them with all your heart and with all your soul; for this is the thing that will save you, yourself, and those who hear your precepts.
You shall make the boards for the tent of meeting of cedar.
What then is my reward? That I preach the Good News to all men, but I don't preach the Good News at all.
Then went king Jehoram to Jezreel to heal his wound, which the Syrians had struck in the battle of Ramoth and Hazael king of Syria: and Ahaziah the son of Jehoram king of Judah went down to Jehoram the son of Ahab to examine Jehoram, because he was sick.
As for this man, it is written, I will send my messenger before you. He will be your messenger, and he will open to you.
He shall go forth to the altar before Yahweh, and shall make the altar of sacrifices; and he shall take the blood of the bulls, and the blood of the goats, and shall put them on the horns of the altar round about.
Therefore we are full of strength all the days of our life, knowing that we are far from the house which the Lord has prepared for us.
They sought him, and stood in the temple, and said to one another, What do you think? Should he go over to the feast?
Therefore we sent another brother with them, and he proved us many times, and we knew that he was willing to help. Now therefore he is exceedingly merciful to you, and has a greater desire to help you.
and the priests, and the Levites, who shall always offer burnt offerings and offerings; and they shall do the same thing before me.
Now, Lord Yahweh, you are God, and your words are truth; and you have blessed your servant with this blessing.
They sacrificed to their gods, and brought the people home; and the people ate their sacrifices, and worshiped their gods.
Even though I am anointed king, I am defiled this day: these are the more mighty than I, son of Zeruiah: Yahweh requite him who does evil, according to his wickedness.
Woe to those who are wise in their own eyes, And wise in their own eyes!
You shall be a terror and a stumbling block among the nations where Yahweh shall lead you.
Judah and Shelah themselves were prophets; and they comforted the saints with many words, and established their faith.
There was a man named Ananias, whose inheritance he didn't possess, he, nor Sapphira his wife.
Your horns have sinned. Your shields have rebelled against me.
For as the lightning flashes on the east, so will the Son of Man happen on the west.
The children of Israel heard, and said, Behold, the children of Reuben, and the children of Gad, and the half-tribe of Manasseh, shall build an altar before the land of Canaan, by the bank of the Jordan; and the children of Israel shall pass over.
Let all the nations rejoice with his people; For he will plead his case for the blood of his servants, And recompense his enemies, And will redeem his land and his people.
But the Holy Spirit testifies to me in every city, that treachery and trouble await me.
If the children of Israel keep all my commandments which Moses my servant commanded them, then I will no more cause their feet to spring out of the land which I gave to their fathers.
The rest of the acts of Jehoiakim, and his abominations, and his abominations, behold, they are written in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Israel and Judah. Jehoiachin his son reigned in his place.
The man who betrayed him said to them in the night, He whom I kiss is Jesus. Take him, and let him go.
Absalom came near to the king, and said, Now your servants will take sheep, and they will take with them the king, and his servants, and his servants.
This is the image: its head is pure gold; its breasts and its hands are silver; its waist and its great shoulders brass;
I have afflicted those who mock you. I have bound myself.
The Lord, the Spirit, is there speaking. The place where the Lord's Spirit is will be taken away.
The two horns that were after the tent were for two boards.
Let the king be as the rain that falls on the grass, As the rain that pours on the ground at certain times.
One witness, one witness, in a valley of judgment; for the days of Yahweh are at hand, in a valley of judgment.
He has listened to me with his ears. Therefore I will cry to him all the days of my life.
The mountains were scattered, and the stones surrounded them.
Then I rebuked the princes and the rulers in my heart, and said to them, Take every man his inheritance from his brother. So I gathered together the council, and rebuked them.
Jesus said to them, You are called righteous before men, but God knows your heart, because men regard them honorable, but they are an abomination to God.
But he is wounded for our transgressions. He is slain for our sins. He bears punishment, and we have peace. He is struck, and we have healing.
The stars of the sky shall not be numbered, Nor the sand of the sea shall be numbered: thus will I multiply my servant David's seed with my Levites.
Those who believe that Jesus is the Christ are children of God. Those who love their parents, and those who are born of them, love them.
He set two scribes before him, and testified against him, saying, You have blasphemed Yahweh and the king; and they took him out, and stoned him with stones.
Abraham said, God will raise Isaac from the dead, and it will be known that Isaac is dead, and is come again.
On the third day and on the seventh day, the unclean person shall wash his unclean linen, and on the seventh day shall he be unclean; and he shall wash his clothes, and bathe his flesh in water, and be unclean until the evening.
Therefore many of you will perish and be sick, and none of you will die.
You have played the prostitute with the Assyrians because of the famine. You have played the prostitute with them, but you haven't played the prostitute with them.
Paul and Silas passed through Antioch and Apollos, and came to Thessalonica, where was the synagogue of the Jews.
For those who seek this people go astray, And all who seek them are swallowed up.
For it is written, He has made unrighteous. It will be written on me. True, the things which are written concerning me are written.
For the violent has passed away, and the slanderer has perished; and everyone who seeks revenge on evil-doers is cut off.
Assyria can't save us; neither can we ride on horses, nor say any more to the work of our hands, You are our god; for your fathers have mercy on you.
Hold your peace, all you islands, before me. Let all of you find new strength. Come near, and speak. Let all of us be reasoned together.
Then we took all his cities, and destroyed the cities of the habitations, and left neither woman nor child.
It happened on the next day, that the word of Yahweh came to me, saying,
My sanctuary shall be among them forever. The nations shall know that I am Yahweh, holy to Israel.
From the ground even to the door of the gate were cherubim and palm trees: so was the wall of the house.
The threshold of the house was twenty cubits, and the breadth of the house ten cubits, and the breadth of the gate ten cubits.
Yahweh brought evil on the people, because they were bulls, which Aaron had made.
For if I am a lawful man, I am a lawful man, and I believe in the Lord, not that I don't keep the law of God, but that I am under the law of Christ.
Therefore you are foreigners, whom you have made uncircumcised of the circumcision, who circumcise themselves with their hands.
I looked in the visions of the night, and behold, there came a man like a man in the cloud of the sky, and he was in the great ancient place; and they brought him before the man.
Yahweh your God, who is before you, he will fight for you, as he did for you in Egypt, to do before your eyes.
For the daughters of my city have made me to see sorrow.
The woman bore a son, whom she was about to cast out by the sword against all the nations; and his son was brought before God to his throne.
Remember that you were bondservants in Egypt. Keep these statutes.
In all the cities where the king's decree came, the Jews rejoiced and rejoiced, and set the feast on the same day, and made it a good day: and the people of the land came in great numbers into Judah because of the fear of Judah.
Therefore walk in your wisdom, and don't allow her gray hair to go down to Sheol in peace.
They mocked him, but Jesus drove them out, and brought into the child's womb his father and his disciples with him.
As you sent me into the world, I also sent them into the world.
Thus says the Bible, Abraham believed in God, and God considered him righteous.
Abraham was buried with Abimelech because of this thing, when Abimelech's servants sat in a well of water.
The captain of the army of the tribe of Zebulun was Eliab the son of Zebulun.
Moses told his father-in-law all that Yahweh had done for Israel to Pharaoh, and to the Egyptians, and to all the prisoners who were found in the way, and how Yahweh had saved them.
He said to them, What do you mean by bread? They said to him, Seven loaves and a few young pigs.
The captain of the pan in the first month was Jashobeam the son of Zabdeel; and in his pan were twenty-four thousand men.
Go, Judah, and see, I have delivered the land into his hand.
I didn't send them, says Yahweh; but they prophesied lies in my name, so that I drove you out, and all the prophets who prophesied in your name, and they perished together.
They shall see him who is healed standing by them, and shall have no counsel.
Yes, all the nations of the earth shall be blessed, because of your seed, because you have obeyed my voice.
But the devil wants to make me afraid, that he may make me to sin, and that he may prophesy evil against me.
and let my enemies say, I am better than he; and let my enemies rejoice when I fall.
Who is he who comes out of the wilderness, and builds a pillar like a burning fire, and gives it a fragrance of honey, of honey, of frankincense, and of all spices of the trade?
I will show myself to them. They will come forth out of the midst of the fire, but the fire will consume them. When I show myself to them, you shall know that I am Yahweh.
For I have heard that you have love for the people of God, and believe in the Lord Jesus.
The multitude who went on after him cried out, Hosanna, son of David, Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord! Hosanna, the Most High God!
Bring your younger brother to me, and your words shall be quiet, and you shall not die: and they did so.
It happened in the evening, that David rose up from his bed, and went on his way in the king's house: and behold, a woman was bathing, and she was beautiful in the house.
The angel of Yahweh visited Joshua, saying,
The world is troubled, because he will answer for sins. The world will answer for sins, but he who answers for sins will be troubled.
He said to him, My friend, why don't you bring a present here?' But he held his peace.
But you delivered us from our enemies, And made those who hated us ashamed.
It happened in the first month, that all the congregation of the children of Israel came to the wilderness of Zin; and the people lived in Kadesh. There Miljam died, and was buried.
Jeremiah answered Zedekiah, If I tell you, will you not kill me? If I tell you, you will not hear.
Remember, Yahweh, that your enemies will blaspheme you, And fools will profane your name.
Then I will be the God of all the chambers of Israel, says Yahweh; and they shall be my people.
Ben Hadad king of Syria gathered together all his army; and thirty-two kings went with him, horses, and chariots, and went up against him to Samaria.
This life has appeared, and we have seen it, and have testified about it, that you may know the eternal life, which he has revealed to us with the Father.
But the men stretched out their hands, and brought Lot into the house, and shut the door.
I remember your name in the night, Yahweh. I keep your law.
You shall leave the sacrifice before the altar, and you shall go in to your brothers, and you shall return to the sacrifice.
Therefore he has poured out on him the wrath of his enemies, and the snares of his battles; and he is round about him like fire: he doesn't know it; the fire devours him, and he doesn't repent.
But the chariot driver lives, though his spirit is dead.
He made the boards for the tent of meeting of acacia wood.
A wise man speaks in quietness, And more than the head of fools shouts, There is a man's hearing.
From there he went up against the inhabitants of Debir. (Now Debir was called Kiriath Sepher.)
If a man takes his sister, his father or his mother, and she sees her nakedness, and she sees her nakedness, it is an abomination: they shall be cut off from before the eyes of his people; and he shall bear his iniquity.
When the Lamb opened one of the seven passages, behold, a living animal was heard, and he spoke like a thunder, Come!
Bethany, you have made three covenants in Jerusalem.
He measured the east wind, and there were walls round about, five hundred cubits long, and five hundred cubits broad, for separating the holy from the common.
Yahweh made a covenant with them, and commanded them, saying, Don't fear other gods, neither worship, nor serve them, nor sacrifice to them.
Moses cried to Yahweh his God, and said, Why have you been so angry with your people, Yahweh? for you have brought them out of the land of Egypt with great strength and with a mighty hand.
This was the division of their work, that they might enter into the house of Yahweh, according to the way that Aaron their fathers walked in, according to the commandment of Yahweh, the God of Israel.
It shall happen on the seventh day, that the priest shall examine the plague; and behold, if the itch hasn't spread, and the itch hasn't spread in the midst of the itch, and the appearance of the itch hasn't penetrated into the skin,
Therefore put on all the armor of God, that in the day of evil you may prevail against the adversary, and stand firm against the enemy all the days of your life.
We saw there the Anakim, the great men, the children of the great. As we saw ourselves as locusts, so we saw them.
Then the scribes and the chief priests knew that this parable was about him, and they wanted to lay their hands on him, but they were afraid of all.
When the unrighteous man came, he trusted in all the power of Satan, to do false signs and wonders.
Escape, you inhabitants of Hazor, and flee far off, and hide yourselves: for Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon has set his face to kill you, and he has set his face against you.
For this cause will I contend with you, says Yahweh, and with your sons and with your daughters.
Are you yet saying before those who kill you, I am God?' But you are a man, and not God, in the hand of those who kill you.
You shall surely let the donkey go, but the young donkey shall you take away: so shall you be blessed, and shall eat long days.
Thus says Yahweh to Judah and to Jerusalem, Go up to your land, and don't plant it in a mound.
The second day the king asked Esther in the midst of the battle, saying, Esther, what are you wearing, queen? I will give it to you. What are you asking? One third of the kingdom will be satisfied.
The king of Israel said, Shall we gather these three kings together, that Yahweh may deliver them into the hand of Moab?
Yahweh has testified against me, But he will not deliver me up to death.
He who sows in the field will have enough food, But he who has no water will be unfaithful.
A certain man's eye is exalted, and his eye also is exalted.
It happened on the sixth day, that they took a little more than two omer: and all the chiefs of the congregation came and told Moses.
You shall offer no other incense on it, neither burnt offering, nor meal offering, nor drink offering, on it.
For there will be great evil in those days, which have not yet been made by God into the world, neither will they be any more.
Your loving kindness, Yahweh, is deceived. Teach me your statutes.
So Boaz took Ruth as wife, and bore her a son with her; and Yahweh raised her up.
But a man is made to be afflicted, and to be like a flaming fiery cup.
It happened, while the twelve were eating, that he appeared to them, and rebuked their disobedience and their hardness of heart, because they didn't believe the words of those who saw Jesus rising.
Wealth and honor are from you, and you rule over all things. Out of your hand are mighty men and mighty men, to exalt themselves, and to exalt the multitude.
Brothers, I have made myself and Apollos for you to speak these things, that you may learn from us that which is written, Don't be proud, neither be honorable, neither despise one of you.
because you have been very angry with me, and because your proud words have come to my ears, then will I put my hook on your nose, and my ring on your mouth, that you may return from your journey.'
For I say this, that you may be free from blasphemies.
You made the tribe of Levi to come near, and stood before Aaron the priest, that he might minister to him.
He shall take from it a portion of the meal offering, and oil, and the frankincense of the meal offering, and burn it on the altar for a memorial, and shall offer it as a sweet savor to Yahweh.
Then I weighed it, and delivered it into their hand: six hundred talents of silver, and a talent of silver, and a talent of gold,
But whatever he steals, whether a bull, or a donkey, or a sheep, remains in his hand, he shall forfeit it.
Behold, Hanamel the son of Shallum, your scribe, shall come to you, and say, Buy you a horse in the field of Anathoth; for the high places of the burnt offering are on you.
When they came out, the Egyptians rejoiced greatly; for the Egyptians were afraid because of them.
For you say, I am rich, and am well-pleasing. I am without blemish;' but you don't know that you are depressed, afflicted, poor, blind, and naked.
They asked him, What shall we do, that we may accomplish God's work?
These peoples honor me with their lips, But their hearts are far from me.
He said to the king, It is true that I have heard of you in the land, and of your wisdom.
Now therefore know for certain that you will die by the sword, by the famine, and by the pestilence in the land where you go.
Thus says Yahweh, You shall remember no old thing, neither shall you think old things.
They shall be like the hair of a woman, And like the brow of a lion.
Send letters to all the captivity, saying, Yahweh has spoken concerning Shemaiah the Nehelamite, saying, Because she prophesied to you, I have not sent her, but she has made you trust in a liar;
For everyone who sleeps is asleep in the night, and everyone who sins in the night.
You hide them in secret places before you, That there may be no counsel; You keep them in secret places, That there may be no wound to their tongue.
Yahweh, have you forsaken Judah? Has your heart abhorred Zion? Why struck you us, that we should not be healed? We hope for peace, but there is no good; We hope for the famine, but there is no fear.
He said to them, Most assuredly I tell you, you will see the heavens open, and the angels of God rising up on the Son of Man.
Philip and Bartolomeus; Thomas and Mattai the tax collectors; James and Thatdai the sons of Arphaius;
Joseph put them all in custody three days.
The city had a great and high wall; and there were twelve gates in the wall; and twelve angels were at the gates: and every gate bore the name of the twelve tribes of the children of Israel.
Therefore I abhor myself. I repent between dust and fire.
Therefore hear the word of Yahweh, you deceitful men, you rulers over the inhabitants of Jerusalem.
Yahweh gave them to Jabin king of Canaan, who reigned in Hazaol; and his captain was Sheshai the captain of his army, who lived in Horosheth of the Gentiles.
The appearance of the locusts is like the appearance of a horse ready to go; and the crown of gold is on its head, and its face is like the face of a man.
He keeps the work of every man's hand, That all his work may be known.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Behold, I will pour out my anger and my wrath on this place, on man and on animal, and on the fruit of the trees of the field and of the ground, as a fire that shall not be heard.
It is better for you not to think that it would be better for one man to die for all, than that all the peoples should perish.
When he had said this, he took bread, and gave thanks to God before all the people, and broke it, and ate it.
Show me your way, Yahweh; For you have guided me in the way of my enemies.
When the day of the Lord comes, when he is great and glorious, the sun will be darkened, and the moon will be full of blood.
My beloved is my beloved, and I am his. He feeds his flock in the lilies.
The king of Babylon killed his sons before Zedekiah, and all the princes of Judah at Riblah.
His firstborn bore a secret name: the mother of the prostitution of Babylon, and of the earth, and of the abominations of it.
You who dwell in Moab, depart from these cities, and dwell on the rock, as you were cast into the pit.
Take heed to do all that the God of heaven has commanded, for the house of the God of heaven. Why then does the wrath come on the kingdom of the king and of the sons of the king?
Then the king sent horses, and chariots, and a great army; and they came to the city by night, and stayed there.
As the lily of the wood, So is my desire among the daughters.
If they don't listen, then will I drive them out of the land, and will drive them out and destroy them, says Yahweh.
Don't say, Why are the days of old longer than the days of old? For your question is not wise.
Woe to them! They died, and their multitudes, and their treasures, and there was no honor among them.
In that day shall be a vineyard of good grapes. Sing to the vineyard, and say,
There shall be a man before the priest's eyes who shall burn the calf, even the skin, the flesh, the blood, and the dung of it.
Come before Yahweh our God at this time, and let us obey his voice, whether it is good or bad. Let us obey the voice of Yahweh our God, and let us prosper.
Saul and David's three brothers, and all Israel, fought against the Philistines in the valley of Elah.
Ahab said to Elijah, Shall you seek me, my enemy? He said to him, I have found you; for you have done that which is evil in the sight of Yahweh.
Ephraim said, Most assuredly I am rich. I have found treasure. I have labored so much that I can't find iniquity, but sin.
Yahweh your God shall deliver him up before you; and you shall kill all his males with the edge of the sword.
Therefore thus says the Lord Yahweh: Because you are all grown old, behold, I will gather you in Jerusalem.
But when I am raised, I will go before you into Galilee.
It happened in the morning, that the men of Ashdod rose up, and behold, they fell on their faces before the ark of Yahweh, and fell on their faces to the ground: and they put the fall on their faces again.
For Yahweh rebukes him whom he loves, As his father rebukes his beloved son.
All the people longed for him, but their hearts said, John is not the Christ.
The high priests of the Jews shall enter into the sanctuary year by year with the blood of the ox and of the sheep; and Christ shall not rebuke himself once and for all.
It happened after the death of Elon, that Abdon the son of Helon, a Pilate, judged Israel.
He who touches anything that he does shall wash his clothes, and bathe himself in water, and be unclean until the evening.
Joshua said, Put away now all the gods of the nations that are among you, that you may turn with all your heart to Yahweh, the God of Israel.
Reuben, Gad, Asher, Zebulun, Dan, and Naphtali, these tribes, shall stand on Mount Ebal to curse.
If his seed forsake my law, And don't keep my ordinances,
They defied Uzziah the king, and said to him, Uzziah, it is not you who burn incense, but the sons of Aaron the priest, who have been appointed to burn incense: depart from the temple; for you have sinned: Yahweh God will not give you glory in this.
The face of him is like a ruby and an emerald, and the throne is round about him, and he looks up like a ruby.
Moses and Aaron were summoned to Pharaoh. Pharaoh said to them, Go, serve Yahweh your God: but who are these who go, that they may?
For he sees their doings. He throws them down in the night, And they perish.
But when the Jews saw that they were doing so, they were exceedingly perplexed, and rebuked the words of Paul which he had spoken, and blasphemed him.
Blessed and cursed come out of one tongue. This is not acceptable, beloved brothers.
As for you, it is not better for a man to lay your hands on the surface of the letter than it is for you.
Rejoice, you Zion, and be glad for Yahweh your God; for he has given you the last of the days, and for your trespasses, which were before,
Teach me, and I will hold my peace, And understand what will be wrong in the world.
David said to Michal, This is before Yahweh: he has chosen me to pass over your father, and over all his house, and has made me prince over the house of Yahweh, over Israel: therefore will I dance before Yahweh.
Open your mouth for the mute, And sigh for the mute.
Then the woman bore a son, and named him Samson. Yahweh blessed the child greatly.
They hated Moses, and Aaron, who was sanctified by Yahweh, in the camp.
Behold, I have called him Bezalel the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah.
Jacob said to Rebekah his mother, No, but the body of my brother Esau has a door, and I am a lamp.
Then Solomon gathered together the elders of Israel, the princes of the tribes, and the heads of the fathers' houses of the children of Israel, to Jerusalem, to bring up the ark of the covenant of Yahweh out of the city of David, even out of Zion.
So Solomon lived from Dan even to Beersheba, and all Judah and Israel, every man under the vine and under the fig tree, all the days of his life.
Jesus didn't answer him, but his disciples came to him, saying, Cast him out, for he cried out before us.
I will dwell with you a little while, and I will be with you a little while longer. So that wherever I go, wherever I go, you may send me out.
The pride that doesn't listen to your law is a pit to me.
Then a chariot of thorns shall come forth, and he who rides on it shall be exalted, and he shall be cut off from the surface of the earth, and shall be slain; and he shall be slain with a mighty sword.
Therefore I have made you a desolation and an astonishment to the people; because you have not walked in my word, and have dealt deceitfully with men in the law.
Though they knew God, they didn't honor him, neither did they give him thanks: their heart was foolishness, and their understanding was filled with darkness.
He who repented for me has subdued them under my feet.
He will give you his crown. You will hide yourself in his crown. His faithfulness is the shield of greatness.
In that fifth month a man seeks death, but doesn't find it; and he seeks death, but doesn't find it.
The prophet prophesied peaceably, and the prophet's words were fulfilled; and he knew that Yahweh had sent the prophet.
Samson awoke at midnight, and rose up in the morning, and broke down the doors of the gate of the city, and the two entry gates, and the two bars of the gate: and he put them on the shoulders, and lifted them up to the top of the hill that is over against Hebron.
Your dead body shall be food for the birds of the sky, and for the animals of the earth; and no one shall drive them away.
and the captain of the guard, Nebuzaradan, and the head of the guard, Nebuzarathshuban, and the head of the wizards, and the captains of the kings of Babylon,
When he saw the multitude, he said to his disciples, How hard it is for the rich to enter into the Kingdom of God!
You shall clothe your waist with sackcloth, and weep with a loud voice for this; for the wrath of Yahweh will not turn away from us.
It happened the second time, as he went away, that Joseph was revealed to his brothers. Therefore Pharaoh knew the family of Joseph.
He said to them, Is this your son, who was born blind? Why do you see him?
If it is a wall, we will put silver hooks on it. If it is a door, we will put cedar beams on it.
They also ruled over those who had possessions, and over all those who did all the work, whatever they did: and the Levites had their lords: they were rulers, rulers, and keepers of tabernacles.
Now Hanamel, my beloved's son, came to me according to the word of Yahweh, and said to me, Buy the field of Anathoth, which is in the land of Benjamin; for the inheritance and the dominion of the inheritance are with you; and I knew that it was the word of Yahweh.
The gates of Judah were broken. On that day you saw the armor of the armies.
Yahweh said to Moses, Be a flaming serpent, and keep it on the throne of the feast. He who sees it will live, and he who sees it will see it.
They mocked him, and beat him.
It shall happen, when Israel goes astray, that the Levites shall depart far from me, even as they go astray from me to their idols; and they shall bear their iniquity.
Ephraim spoke, and they trembled. He sat on high in Israel: but he sinned in Baal, and died.
Yahweh spoke to Moses, saying,
You shall take five shekels, according to the number of the people, and according to the shekel of the sanctuary: (the shekel is twenty-gerahs);
Eliakim, Shebna, and Joah, the sons of Hilkiah, said to Rabshakeh, Please speak with your servants with the words of Syria; for we have heard it; don't speak with us with the words of Judah, that the people of the wall may hear it.
The Pharisees went out from the synagogue, and immediately they conspired with Herod to see what might be done to him.
I thank you and praise you, God of my fathers; for you have given me wisdom and power: now have you shown me what we asked of you; for you have shown us the king's business.
The anointed priest shall take some of the blood of the bull, and bring it to the Tent of Meeting.
It happened, while they were burying the dead, that when they saw that the multitude was gathered together, that they cast the dead into the tomb of Elishah; and the dead fell on the bones of Elishah, and rose up.
He saved us not for our good works, but for his mercy. He saved us through the baptism of the firstborn, and through the word of the Holy Spirit.
Yahweh is my scepter and my shield and my deliverer.
So he set the people in order, the army that was on the north, and the army that was on the west. Joshua went into the valley that night.
When the Lamb opened the second seal, I heard the second living creature saying, Come!
Azariah the son of Nathan was chief; Zabbut the son of Nathan priest; and he was the king's friend;
Whoever curses his father or his mother, his lamp shall be exalted in the darkness.
The messenger came and said, Thus says Ben Hadad, I have sent to you, that you may deliver to me your money, and your gold, and your wife, and your sons and your daughters.
For the four Levites bore their burdens on the heads of the doors of the gates, and on the chambers of the house of Yahweh, and on the treasures of it.
From my youth, God, you taught me. Now I proclaim your wonders.
The Lord gave a word to the house of Jacob; and the word came to the children of Israel.
Daniel said to the king, Long live the king.
You have opened up the land which my feet tread on, And my feet haven't stumbled.
You shall burn the city with fire, after you have taken it; and you shall do according to the word of Yahweh: and behold, I command you.
I am a wandering sheep. Bring your servant again, For I don't forget your commandments.
Then the king commanded Jeram the king, and Shelaiah the son of Asherah, and Shelemiah the son of Abitel, to carry away captive Baruch the scribe, and Jeremiah the prophet; but Yahweh brought them up.
I will give you daily thanks. I will praise your name forever and ever.
I took off my robe, and said, God remove everyone who doesn't do this word from his house, and from his inheritance. All the congregation said, Amen, and praise Yahweh. All the people did according to this word.
He who sanctifies his life shall have it, and he who sanctifies his life shall have it.
I was a preacher, and I was king over Israel in Jerusalem.
then the king, and the king's brother, and the throne of David, and they, and their king's brother, and the men of Judah, and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, and the chariots, and the horses; and they came into the gate of this city; and the city shall be for ever.
His relatives heard it, and went out to steal it; for they said that his spirit was deficient.
You, God of Israel, confirm what you have spoken to David your servant, my father.
Let them all hope in me, that they may be saved; for I am Yahweh, and there is none else.
Peter answered him, Lord, if it be you, command me to go to you in waters.
He who is wise in teaching, he will be wiser. He who is righteous, he will increase knowledge.
If Yahweh does a new thing, and opens the mouth of the earth, and swallows them up, and all that they have, and causes them to live to fall to Sheol; then you shall know that they despise Yahweh.
My hand has taken the treasures of the nations, as the carcass of a bird. I have gotten the whole earth, as the carcass of two abandoned birds. There is no fugitive, nor open mouth, nor snare.
Don't take a bribe for the evil-doers, Neither be puffed up for the evil-doers.
You don't know the way of the wind. You don't know how the bones are formed in the womb. You don't know therefore the works of the dead God, which he did.
Then Jesus said to his disciples, If anyone desires to follow me, let him put away his cross, and follow me.
For he who is righteous is one who praises the Lord, and not alone.
Many followed him, because they saw the signs of his healing to the sick.
I will scatter them among the nations, a nation which neither they nor their fathers knew; and I will cause the sword to pursue them, until I have destroyed them all.
The priest shall make atonement for the congregation of the children of Israel; and they shall be forgiven; for it is a trespass; and they shall bring their offering before Yahweh for their trespass, even the offering made by fire to Yahweh, and the sin offering.
Some of the scribes sat there, and spoke in their hearts, saying,
You shall not have a prostitute among the children of Israel; neither shall you have a male prostitute among the children of Israel.
It happened on the third day, that Abraham lifted up his eyes, and saw the place afar off.
The lord of the house said to him, Well done, good servant, for you have taken care of the little things, and have driven you away ten cities.'
Therefore observe your ways. Don't be ignorant, but be wise.
Yahweh spoke by the prophet Jeremiah to Babylon, and to the land of the Chaldeans, saying,
My heart trembles greatly. When will you save me, Yahweh?
I took a morsel of bread, and gave it to you for a token of thanksgiving, and went away: and when you came to us, accept the way of your servants. They said, Do according to your word.
Why do you stand far off, Yahweh? Why do you hold your peace in our distresses?
Paul left Silas together, and the brothers gave them up to the grace of the Lord.
John said to him, Rabbi, we have seen a man casting out demons in your name. We have halted him, because he has not followed us.
For concerning them Yahweh said, They shall surely die in the wilderness: therefore there was not a man left, except Caleb the son of Jephunneh, and Joshua the son of Nun.
When they had made an end of seeking, they took the money, and brought it to the apostles.
So then, when she is raised, will she be a wife among them? For all these seven will take her.
The pins of it were six, and three pins were on the one side of the lampstand, and three pins on the other side of the lampstand;
The angel of Yahweh appeared no more to Manoah, nor to his wife: and Manoah knew that he was the angel of Yahweh.
You give them eyes for their food, And many eyes for their drink.
The wickedness of my feet has surrounded me. In these days of affliction I am not afraid.
Cry aloud, Yahweh! Turn your ear, you who dwell in the land of Canaan! Ah, Anathoth, who is in affliction!
Don't let your heart be wrathful, For anger is in the heart of fools.
He took the treasures of the house of Yahweh, which Obed-Edom had kept, and the silver, and the vessels, and the treasures of the king's house; and he took men, and bound them, and returned to Samaria.
It happened after these things, that the woman, the lord of the house, was sick, and very sick, so that she didn't have a husband.
The chiefs took the horsemen's bridles, and other precious stones, to give to the ephod and to the breastplate.
The days come, says Yahweh, that I will raise up the right horn of David: and he shall rule as king, and do wisdom, and do justice and righteousness on the earth.
Yahweh has opened his army, and lifted up his wrath out of his mouth; for the Lord, Yahweh of Armies, has done that which is right in the land of the Chaldeans.
The terrors have turned to me. They have overthrown my glory like the wind. My joy is passed over like a cloud.
He said to them, The Sabbath is ordained for men, and not for men to be made for the Sabbath.
Now therefore, my sons, listen to me, and listen to the words of my mouth.
He cried with a loud voice, Jesus, the Son of the Most High, have you come to intercede for me? I call on you in the name of God, and don't chastise me.
Yahweh said to Moses, Stretch out your hand toward the sky, and make the land of Egypt dark; for the darkness of it shall be dark, so that it shall not be touched.
But I didn't cut him any of his sins which he should have committed. But I cut him down, and sent him to Caesar, knowing that he was dead.
Moses and Aaron went out from Pharaoh; and Moses cried to Yahweh for the vine which he had sent to Pharaoh.
Then Nebuchadnezzar the king gathered the governors, the scribes, the scribes, the scribes, the scribes, and the scribes, and the counselors, and the scribes, and the rulers of the provinces, to the vows which Nebuchadnezzar the king had made.
Then he will be circumcised, and the circumcision is a sign, and if he had not been circumcised before, because he believed, he would have been justified. Therefore from those who weren't circumcised, he would have been justified, saying, Abraham was their father.
I have made you as a chariot of Pharaoh's.
You preserve me before me. You lay your hand on me.
Don't think, I will repay the wicked. Wait for Yahweh, and he will deliver you.
The servant went and told his lord these things. The lord said to his servant, Go out into the street of the city, and find the poor, the sick, the blind, and the lame.'
It happened, when David returned to bless his household, that Michal the daughter of Saul came out to meet David, and said, There is a great glory to the king of Israel this day: and the handmaid is in the sight of the servants of his servants this day, as a man who doesn't fear his handmaid.
I have heard many of these words. All of your comforts are a stumbling block.
The woman of that house covered her mouth with a blanket, and washed her face, and she didn't receive her education.
saying, I will go up to the country of the villages, and to the people who remain in peace; and the place where they dwell shall not be walled, neither shall there be gate, nor room;
Yahweh, my God, I trust in you. Deliver me from all those who pursue me, and deliver me.
Hanun took a piece of the teeth of the servants of David, and cut off his clothes from among them, and sent them away.
The king of the north shall enter into the kingdom of the king of the south; but he shall return to his place.
He reigned, and was eighty years old, and didn't depart from the temple, but fasted day and night, praying to God.
You shall make two cherubim of gold, and shall make them of beaten work, and shall put them on the two ends of the mercy seat.
He lifted up his eyes, and looked at his disciples, and said, Blessed are you, poor and needy, for the Kingdom of God is yours.
For Abraham was praying for the city which God had made, that it might be built.
If your eyes were bright, the whole body was dark; and if the light of your chamber was dark, the darkness was a curse.
There was evening and there was morning, three days.
He said to him, I am very agitated because of Yahweh, the God of Armies, because the children of Israel have forsaken your covenant, and destroyed your altars, and slain your prophets with the sword; and I have left only one man, who seeks my life, to kill me.
Jehoshaphat had much wealth and honor, and became a close relative to Ahab.
Their works are written in their heart, according to the word of the law; and their conscience is faithful; for they rebuke themselves, and defend themselves in their own time.
He who doesn't understand the truth of the Kingdom of Heaven shall be as he who planted it by the way. When the devil comes, he takes it away from him.
When they came to Samaria, they killed all those who Ahab had left in Samaria, and destroyed them all, according to the word of Yahweh, which he spoke to Elijah.
Don't forsake me in my old age. Don't forsake me in my strength.
(for the Athenians, and the foreigners who dwell there, love to speak, and to hear the new things, and to be forgotten);
Oh that there was no child that night! Oh that there was no cheer among them!
When Uzziah was strong, his heart was lifted up, and he was destroyed, and rebelled against Yahweh his God; for he entered into the house of Yahweh, to burn incense on the altar of incense.
In the midst of the foolish young men, I saw with my eyes a young man who was untrained,
For it is written, If a man desires to live, and to pass over the days of good, he shall be bound to speak evil with his tongue, and shall not speak lies.
I will give my portion, and answer, And set my cause in order.
He poured out his wine, and anointed himself with the most excellent oil; but he didn't bear for Joseph.
So all the blood of the prophets from the creation of the world will be poured out on you,
The rest of the meal offering shall be Aaron's and his sons'; it is the most holy of the offerings made by fire to Yahweh.
The sun has the sun's light, and the moon has the moon's light, and the stars have the stars; and the light of the stars is not like it.
